<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230322_10-K_edgar_data_1498067_0001493152-23-008554.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11541262</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>344078</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3825366</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3447528</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1677086</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2030909</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008554.hdr.sgml : 20230322
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230322165724
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008554
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230322
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230322

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CITRINE GLOBAL, CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001498067
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				980663823
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55680
		FILM NUMBER:		23753559

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 JABOTINSKY ST., ATRIUM TOWER
		STREET 2:		RAMAT GAN
		CITY:			TEL AVIV
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			6721503
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-73-7600341

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 JABOTINSKY ST., ATRIUM TOWER
		STREET 2:		RAMAT GAN
		CITY:			TEL AVIV
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			6721503

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TechCare Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170118

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BREEDIT CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PROGAMING PLATFORMS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100802

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008554.txt : 20230322

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ________________ to ________________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) 

(State
 of Incorporation) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 
 (Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code: + 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

Common
Stock, 0.0001 per share 

(Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, or emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the closing price of 0.012
per share of the Registrant s common stock on June 30, 2022. 

The
registrant had shares of common stock outstanding as of March 21, 2023. 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP 

 2022
FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 3 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 27 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 38 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 38 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 38 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 38 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 38 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 39 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 39 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 44 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 45 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 46 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 46 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 46 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION 
 46 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 47 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 49 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 55 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 56 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 62 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 63 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 65 

SIGNATURES 
 66 

2 

Cautionary
Statement regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements
relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology
such as may, should, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, 
 estimates, predicts, potential, or continue or the negative of these terms or
other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors, any of which may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking
statements. 

Forward-looking
statements are made based on management s beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the forward-looking statements are made,
and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements should these beliefs, estimates, and opinions or other circumstances
change. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future
results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the
United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these forward-looking statements to actual
results. 

Our
financial statements are stated in United States dollars, or US , and are prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted
accounting principles, or GAAP. In this Annual Report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States
dollars and all references to common stock refer to the shares of our common stock. As used in this Annual Report, the
terms we, us, our, Citrine Global, the Company and the Registrant 
mean Citrine Global, Corp. and its subsidiaries unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

This
summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this report and does not contain all the information that you should consider
before making your investment decision. Before investing in our common stock, you should carefully read this entire report, including
the information set forth under the Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations sections of this report and our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included
in this report. Except as otherwise indicated herein or as the context otherwise requires, references in this report to Citrine
Global, the Company, we, us, and our refer to Citrine Global, Corp. and
our consolidated subsidiaries, including our wholly-owned subsidiary, CTGL-Citrine Global Israel Ltd. and to our partially owned subsidiary
Cannovation Center Israel Ltd.; 

Description
of our Business and Industry Background : 

We are a plant-based
wellness pharma solutions company with a vision of becoming a leading company in these fields and improve people s
health and quality of life worldwide. 

The
global health and wellness market is expected to reach USD 7.6 trillion by 2030, growing at a CAGR of 5.5 from 2021 to 2030 1
 with growing awareness of health and wellness solutions for improving people s quality of life 2 . 

We
are witnessing a global movement of health and wellbeing becoming a priority for the public, further emphasized by the global COVID-19
pandemic. There is increasing recognition that people need to take charge of their own health, improve their quality of life, use natural
products, and balance side effects caused by medicines and treatment 3 . 

Our
headquarters and executives are based in Israel, where we operate via our 100 -owned-subsidiary CTGL Citrine Global Israel Ltd. 
and 60 -owned Cannovation Center Israel Ltd. 

1
 Research, P., 2022. Health and Wellness Market Size to Hit USD 7,656.7 Bn by 2030. [online] GlobeNewswire Newsroom. 

 2
 NielsenIQ. 2022. An inside look into the 2021 global consumer health and wellness revolution. [online] 

 3
 Sullivan, F., 2022. Increasing Health Consciousness Among Consumers to Shift the Global Prebiotic Ingredients Market. [online]
Prnewswire.com. 

3 

We believe the power of plant-based
solutions from nature can help improve people s health and quality of life. Our business activity is primarily composed of developing
wellness and pharma solutions, focused on science backed plant-based products to improve quality of life and complementary solutions
for balancing side effects caused by using medicines, treatments, or an unbalanced lifestyle. 

We
have built an end-to-end strategy to bring to market on a global scale innovative plant-based wellness and pharma solutions covering
the whole spectrum from innovation, research and development, product development, infrastructure for production and manufacturing, distribution,
marketing and sales. 

We seek to bring to
the market wellness and pharma innovative products, such as food supplements, healthy snacks, healthy beverages and natural cosmetics,
to help improve people s health and quality of life and complementary products that aim to balance selected side effects associated
with medicines, treatments or an unbalanced lifestyle. 

Leveraging
technology and research, we are focused on developing a products portfolio based on rigorous scientific research ranging from synergistic
botanicals, herbal extract, tinctures, medicinal mushrooms together with plant extracts, vitamins, minerals, botanical formulations from
seeds, roots, bark, fruits, and a wide variety of plants that contain substances with health-supportive effects. Such supportive effects
include, but are not limited to, enhancing oral care, anti-inflammatory properties, relaxation, sleep enhancement, energizing, mood and
body balancing, alleviating side effects, and more. 

We
have more than 100 plant-based formulations and product lines under the brands GreenFeels and Green Side by Side 
targeting the nutritional supplements market that is expected to reach 625 billion by 2030 4 . 

The
product lines categories include: 

Personal
 Protection Health Supportive Product Line 

Balance
 Calm Product Line 

Digestion
 , Weight Management Product Line 

Men
 Product Line 

Women
 Product Line 

Sports
 Energy Product Line 

Oral
 Cavity Care Product Line 

Vitamins
 Minerals Product Line 

Medicinal
 Mushrooms Product Line 

We
started beta-testing several products in the Israeli market with plans for an international network focusing on the U.S. market through
local teams, distributors, online and physical shops and collaboration with partners worldwide. 

Our presence in Israel combined with our close contacts with leading universities,
researchers, companies, shareholders and governmental support, allows us to access the latest technologies, talent, and innovation to
bring innovative solutions to the global market. 

We have strategic alliance and manufacturing agreements with iBOT Israel
Botanicals, an affiliated and nutritional supplements company and GMP-certified manufacturing facility approved by the Israeli
Ministry of Health. As part of our activity with iBOT, we are developing and manufacturing our nutritional supplements product lines,
including the GreenFeels Green Side by Side product lines. 

Acquisition
of MyPlant Bio Ltd. - On December 30, 2022, we purchased a 10 equity interest (on a fully diluted basis) in MyPlant Bio Ltd and
Citrine Global has an option to purchase an additional 45 of MyPlant equity. See Business- The MyPlant
Transaction. 

MyPlant
Bio Ltd, specializes in botanical drug development and owns certain know-how and intellectual property rights that include a developed
platform and cell-disease models to screen plant extracts to understand their biological effect, and has screening platforms using cell
line models for certain diseases and conditions to detect effective plant materials and/or other substances for the treatment of these
conditions. MyPlant was founded by Cannasoul Analytics, a leading botanical research and development company and Prof. Dedi Meiri from
the Faculty of Biology at the Israeli Institute of Technology (Technion) and a member of the Technion Integrated Cancer Center. Citrine
Global s acquisition of MyPlant is in line with the Citrine Global s strategy to be a leader in plant-based wellness and
pharma solutions. 

4 Research,
P., 2022. Nutritional Supplements Market to Hit US 624.7 Billion by 2030. [online] GlobeNewswire 

4 

We
view the acquisition of MyPlant as an opportunity to advance its wellness and planned pharma and botanical drug products with MyPlant s
scientific research as to the effects of specific plant substances and compounds on different wellness and medical conditions. We believe
that we can benefit from the collaboration with MyPlant and Professor Dedi Meiri to advance the company s strategy for developing
scientifically backed plant-based products composed of specific active plant substances proven by research to be effective for different
medical conditions and possibly offer personally customized products for individual patients tailored for their healing process. 

The collaboration with MyPlant
is part of our strategy to add value to our product lines and position our company with a competitive edge in the Wellness market
and the Nutritional Supplements. 

As
the worldwide use of botanical nutritional supplements and botanical drugs continues to grow, the need for scientific evaluation of the
safety and efficacy of these products is becoming ever greater. We are targeting and positioning our product lines for the nutritional
supplements market that is expected to reach 625 billion by 2030 5 . 

Our
mission is to leverage the power of plant-based solutions from nature to help improve people s health and quality of life. 

We
created multi-strategy solutions to realize our mission, the highlights of which include the following: 

Developing
 Bringing Plant-Based Wellness Pharma Products to Market: 

The
plant-based products market is booming with health-conscious consumers spending more on natural products, ranging from nutraceuticals,
natural superfoods, beverages, cosmetics, to legal cannabis and the evolving market of botanical and plant-derived drugs. The COVID-19
pandemic has left a lasting impression on consumer behavior, particularly in relation to plant-based nutrition and natural immunity boosters 6 . 

Here
are the various growing plant-based product global market segments 

The
 nutritional supplements market is expected to reach USD 624.7 billion by 2030 7 . 

The
 superfoods market is expected to reach USD 287.7 billion by 2027 8 . 

The
 legal cannabis market is expected to reach USD 70.6 billion by 2028 9 . 

The
 botanical and plant-derived drug market is expected to reach USD 53 billion by 2026 10 . 

The
 natural cosmetics market is expected to reach USD 24.8 billion by 2027 11 . 

We
are basing our efforts on technologies to create research and innovation, developing plant-based solutions which include products for
improving quality of life and complementary solutions for balancing selected side effects caused by using medicines, cannabis, treatments,
or an unbalanced lifestyle. 

5
 Research, P., 2022. Nutritional Supplements Market to Hit US 624.7 Billion by 2030. [online] GlobeNewswire 

 6
 Sullivan, F., 2022. Increasing Health Consciousness Among Consumers to Shift the Global Prebiotic Ingredients Market. [online]
Prnewswire.com 

 7
 Research, P., 2022. Nutritional Supplements Market to Hit US 624.7 Billion by 2030. [online] GlobeNewswire News Room 

 8
 Research, I., 2022. Global Superfoods Market Size is Projected To Reach US 287.75 Billion by 2027 | Superfoods Market Store, Delivery
Options, Emerging Trends 2022 | Segmentation by Product Type, Applications, Regions, Key-Players (ADM, Ardent Mills, Bunge). [online]
GlobeNewswire News Room 

 9
 Grandviewresearch.com. 2022. Legal Marijuana Market Size Worth 70.6 Billion By 2028 

 10
 2018-2026, G. and 2018-2026, G., 2022. Botanical and Plant Derivative Drug Market - Global Forecast 2018-2026. [online] Inkwood
Research. 

 11
 Fortune Business Insights, The global vegan cosmetics market is projected to grow to 24.79 billion in 2028 Report ID FBI106594
[online] 

5 

Our
IP Strategy and R D Roadmap include: 

Developing
 wellness plant-based product portfolio across the range from scientific and research-based plants, such as herbal extracts, medicinal
 mushrooms, and other natural ingredients. 

Expanding
 our current product lines and registering the products for worldwide regulatory approvals. 

Developing
 complementary products for balancing selected side effects caused by medicines, treatments, aging, stress, or an unbalanced lifestyle.

Researching
 and developing pharma solutions with the mission of developing plant-based medicines and botanical drugs. 

Building
 our patent portfolio, conducting clinical trials, and advancing our products through innovation and technology. 

We
 filed provisional patent applications in the field of Balancing Side Effects in the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO):
 Patent Application No. 63/418,046, and Patent Application No. 63/388,361 for compositions and methods for balancing side effects
 associated with the use of medicines, treatments, aging and unbalanced or unhealthy lifestyle and balancing side effects related
 to symptoms in the oral cavity. 

About
Side Effects Caused by Using Medicines, Treatments or an Unbalanced Lifestyle 

Side
effects are unexpected reactions which may result from using medicines, treatments and an unbalanced lifestyle. There are common side
effects, such as dryness in the oral cavity (xerostomia), headaches, dizziness, drowsiness, fatigue, nausea, vomiting, lack of concentration,
and impaired appetite that are associated with the use of medicines and treatments 12 . 

The
public health impact of harms associated with medicines and treatments is a growing area of investigation, given the expanding pharma
industry and widespread availability of drugs and different medical treatments around the world. Current evidence suggests that use of
medicines is associated with side effects. Exploring the relationship between drug side-effects and therapeutic indications demonstrates
that 69 of drugs have between 10 and 100 different side effects; 22 of drugs have more than 100 side-effects; only 9 of drugs have
less than 10 side-effects (Please see Figure 1 below) 13 . 

12
 U.S. Food and Drug Administration. 2022. Learning about Side Effects. 

 13
 P. Zhang, F. Wang, J. Hu, and R. 2013, Exploring the Relationship Between Drug Side-Effects and Therapeutic Indications, PubMed
Central, PMCID: PMC3900166; PMID: 24551427 

6 

Figure
1: Exploring drug side-effects: 69 of drugs have between 10 and 100 different side effects 

Illustration
Taken from: PubMed Exploring the Relationship Between Drug Side- 

 Effects
and Therapeutic Indications 

 P.
Zhang, F. Wang, J. Hu, and R. 2013, Exploring the Relationship Between Drug Side-Effects and Therapeutic Indications, PubMed Central,
PMCID: PMC3900166; PMID: 24551427 

Treatment
of side-effects, or adverse drug reactions, has become a healthcare concern. The new market of Pharmacovigilance, also known as drug
safety the pharmaceutical science relating to the collection, detection, assessment, monitoring, and prevention of adverse effects
with pharmaceutical products is developing and expected to reach 12.48 Billion in 2027. Driving this are increasing public awareness
and demand for safer medications and increasing government initiatives to promote drug safety around the globe 14 . 

We
believe that natural plant-based products show great promise in improving quality of life and can be used as complementary products to
balance side effects. Antibiotics and probiotics are an excellent use case. Antibiotics are important for treating bacterial infections;
however, they can sometimes cause side effects such as diarrhea, liver disease and changes to the gut microbiota. Using probiotics during
and after a treatment with antibiotics can help reduce the risk of diarrhea and restore the gut microbiota to a healthy state 15 . 

Addressing
a significant market need, we included in our strategy the development of plant based complementary solutions through wellness as well
as clinically developing plant-based pharmaceutical products to address the need to balance selected effects and support people who experience
side effects from using medicines, cannabis, and various treatments. 

Oral
Cavity Dry-Mouth -Side-Effect 

Research
shows that the overall estimated prevalence of dry mouth is over one in four people in the general population with higher prevalence
rates observed in studies conducted with elderly people 16 demonstrating that oral cavity-related symptoms are linked
to different factors, such as using medicines, treatments, aging, an unbalanced or unhealthy lifestyle, various chronic diseases, psychological
reasons, stress, and more 17 . 

It
is important to maintain the saliva level in the mouth to prevent problems and damage, as saliva plays a key role in maintaining health
in the oral cavity. Saliva contains calcium and phosphorous which protects teeth, helps the digestive system, prevents bad smell through
balancing the acidity that comes from food and bacteria, has enzymes that help break down food, washes food scraps and bacteria, and
helps speech as pronunciation of movements and syllables is done with saliva and tongue. 

The
Dry Mouth Treatment Market is expected to reach 1.81 billion by 2032 18 . 

In
July 2022, we filed a provisional patent application for COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR TREATING, AMELIORATING, ALLEVIATING, MITIGATING
OR BALANCING SIDE-EFFECTS IN THE ORAL CAVITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE USE OF MEDICINES, TREATMENTS, AGING OR UNBALANCED/UNHEALTHY LIFESTYLE ,
patent No: 63/388,361 in the U.S. Patent Trademark Office. The patent application relates to compositions and methods for answering
the need for treatment, amelioration, alleviation, mitigation, or balance of side effects in the Oral Cavity related to medications,
treatments, using cannabis 24 , smoking, adult population experiencing constant dry mouth and unhealthy lifestyle. 

14
 Pharmacovigilance Market Size to Reach 12.48 Billion in 2027 | Industry Trend - Rising Prevalence of Chronic Diseases Worldwide,
Increasing Cases of Adverse Drug Reactions and Drug Toxicity and High Consumption of Drugs in Developed Economies, 2022, Bio Space Article
[online] 

 15
 Healthline. 2022. What You Should Eat During and After Antibiotics. [online] 

 16
 How Common is Dry Mouth? Systematic Review and Meta-Regression Analysis of Prevalence Estimates Brazilian Dental Journal (2018)
29(6): 606-618 

 17
 American Dental Association (ADA) Science Research Institute, LLC Oral Health Topic: Xerostomia, Department of Scientific
Information, Evidence Synthesis Translation Research. Feb 2021 

 18
 Dry Mouth Treatment Market Outlook (2022-2032), Persistence Market Research, 2021 

7 

We
developed Oral Cavity Care products lines the SmokLy TM and DryLess TM series of sprays that target
to balance the dry mouth side effect that may result from using medicines, cannabis, smoking, treatments and unhealthy lifestyle, and
is also targeting adult population that tends to experience constant dry mouth. 

The
products contain plant extracts distilled from seeds, roots, bark, fruits with active anti-inflammatory substances that encourage saliva
production and taste in the oral cavity. 

Our
Oral Cavity Care Product Lines include: 

SmokLy TM line of sprays targeting the market of cannabis users and tobacco smokers. 

DryLess TM line of sprays targeting adult population experiencing constant dry mouth and certain cancer treatment patients that experience constant dry mouth as part of their cancer treatment regimen. 

Figure 2: Our Oral Cavity
Care Product Lines SmokLy TM DryLess TM 

The
 SmokLy TM DryLess TM lines of sprays were launched in the Israeli market and are manufactured in a GMP
 certified facility approved by the Israeli Ministry of Health. 

Side
Effects from Cannabis Use 

Following
thorough investigation of cannabis side effects, we filed a provisional patent application titled PHARMACEUTICAL COMPOSITIONS
AND METHODS FOR THE TREATMENT OF SIDE-EFFECTS ASSOCIATED WITH THE USE OF CANNABIS, CANNABINOIDS AND RELATED PRODUCTS , patent No:
63/257,673 in the U.S. Patent Trademark Office. In October 2022 we filed an extension to the provisional patent application No:
63/257,673 in the U.S. Patent Trademark Office by filing a provisional patent application patent No: 63/418,046 for COMPOSITIONS
AND METHODS FOR TREATING, AMELIORATING, ALLEVIATING, MITIGATING OR BALANCING SIDE-EFFECTS ASSOCIATED WITH THE USE OF MEDICINES, TREATMENTS,
AGING, CANNABIS, AND UNBALANCED OR UNHEALTHY LIFESTYLE . The patent application describes common side effects associated with the
use of medicines, treatments, aging, cannabis and cannabinoids, and unbalanced or unhealthy life style, such as headaches, dizziness,
drowsiness, fatigue, nausea, vomiting, lack of concentration, impaired appetite, and more. 

8 

In
July 2022, we filed a provisional patent application for COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR TREATING, AMELIORATING, ALLEVIATING, MITIGATING
OR BALANCING SIDE-EFFECTS IN THE ORAL CAVITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE USE OF MEDICINES, TREATMENTS, AGING OR UNBALANCED/UNHEALTHY LIFESTYLE ,
patent No: 63/388,361 in the U.S. Patent Trademark Office. The patent application relates to compositions and methods for answering
the need for treatment, amelioration, alleviation, mitigation, or balance of side effects in the Oral Cavity related to medications,
treatments, using cannabis 24 , smoking, adult population experiencing constant dry mouth and unhealthy lifestyle. 

There
are currently over 200 million cannabis users worldwide and an increased interest in cannabis as a medicine in recent years 19 .
Cannabis was approved for medical use showing benefit in serious medical conditions including cancer, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson s,
epilepsy, chronic pain, and post trauma 20 . Research indicates that some medical cannabis users experience side effects
during their cannabis treatment, which may cause them to discontinue treatment despite good clinical outcomes achieved with the cannabis
treatment 21 . 

According
to the Mayo Clinic in the US these are the most reported side effects in association with cannabis use 22 : 

Headaches 

Dry
 mouth and dry eyes 

Lightheadedness
 and dizziness 

Drowsiness 

Fatigue 

Nausea
 and vomiting 

Disorientation 

Hallucinations 

Increased
 heart rate 

Increased
 appetite 

Impaired
 attention, judgement, and coordination 

Worsened
 manic symptoms in people who have bipolar disorder 

Increased
 risk of depression or worsen depression symptoms 

Increased
 risk of psychosis in people who have schizophrenia 

Impaired
 memory and cognitive function 

Harmful
 cardiovascular effects, such as high blood pressure 

Worsened
 respiratory conditions 

Adverse
 interactions including with alcohol and anticoagulants. 

19
 Statista. 2022. Cannabis users worldwide number by region 2011-2019 | Statista. [online] 

 20
 2017. The Health Effects of Cannabis and Cannabinoids 

 21
 Kudahl, B., Berg, M., Posselt, C., Nordentoft, M. and Hjorth j, C., 2021. Medical cannabis and cannabis-based medicine show
both potential efficacy and potential harms: Cross-sectional comparison with controls on self-rated and interviewer-rated outcomes within
the Danish pilot program on medical cannabis. Complementary Therapies in Clinical Practice, 45, p.101476 

 22
 Mayo Clinic. 2022. What you can expect from medical marijuana. [online] 

9 

Figure 3: Schematic Representation of Side Effects
Associated with the Use of Cannabis 

 Illustration Taken from: Positive Choices Educational
Program 

 Positive Choices. 2022. Cannabis: Factsheet. [online] 

Our
Plant-based product lines 

We believe in the power of plant-based solutions from nature can improve
people s health and quality of life. We have developed our strategy to add value to our product lines and position our company with
a competitive edge in the Wellness and the Nutritional Supplements market. 

Leveraging technology and
research, we are developing plant-based solutions targeting to improve quality of life and complementary products to balance selected
side effects caused by medicines, cannabis, treatments, or an unbalanced lifestyle. 

10 

The
GreenFeels Green Side by Side Product Lines: 

Figure 4: Our Product Lines 

We
have more than 100 formulations products under the brand names of GreenFeels and Green Side by Side product lines
that include wellness plant-based products and nutritional supplements for improving quality of life and complementary products for balancing
selected side effects caused by medicines, cannabis, treatments, or an unbalanced lifestyle. We position our product lines to capture
market share in the nutritional supplements market that is expected to reach 625 billion by 2030 23 . 

The
products arrive in multiple form factors, such as sprays, powders, tablets, capsules, and tinctures. 

We
used innovative technologies and experience to create the products combining a variety of well researched plants including herbal extracts,
medicinal mushrooms, vitamins, minerals and variety of researched plants known for their healing qualities that contain substances with
different anti-inflammatory properties and a variety of health-supportive effects that are relaxing, sleep enhancing, energizing, mood
and body balancing, enhancing oral care and alleviating side effects. 

We
started our beta testing and initial launch of Green Side by Side in the Israeli market with a local company, an Israeli medical
cannabis company, focusing on the SmokLy series, a line of sprays for the oral cavity to support people with oral cavity dryness (xerostomia),
a common side effect experienced by many cannabis users. The products are available in several pharmacies and medical cannabis pharmacies
as complementary products to medical cannabis users. 

23 Research,
P., 2022. Nutritional Supplements Market to Hit US 624.7 Billion by 2030. [online] GlobeNewswire 

11 

Following
the initial trial period, we developed an additional brand under the name GreenFeels and we plan to expand our distribution efforts
with retail, pharmacy chains and natural products distributors in Israel. We also plan to distribute the product lines in the
United States and worldwide with local partners consistent with local regulations. 

Our
nutritional supplements products are manufactured in Israel in iBOT Israel Botanicals Ltd under a GMP-certified manufacturing facility
approved by the Israeli Ministry of Health. 

The
GreenFeels and Green Side by Side product lines that include the following categories: 

1.
The Oral Cavity Care Family Line 

The
Oral Cavity Care Product Family Line targets to balance oral cavity dryness side effect. The Oral Cavity Care Family Line includes
the SmokLy TM and DryLess TM series of sprays for the oral cavity targeting to balance the dry mouth side effect
(xerostomia) that may result from using medicines, cannabis, smoking or treatments. 

Benefits
of the Oral Cavity Care Product series: 

The
 SmokLy TM line of sprays targeting the market of cannabis users and tobacco smokers. 

The
 DryLess TM line of sprays targeting adult population experiencing constant dry mouth and certain cancer treatment patients
 that experience constant dry mouth as part of their cancer treatment regimen 

The
 products contain plant extracts distilled from seeds, roots, bark, fruits with active anti-inflammatory substances that encourage
 saliva production, taste and can promote saliva production and moisture in the oral cavity. 

Convenient
 to use by spraying into the oral cavity 

The
 products come in 7 different flavors: lemon, strawberry, passion fruit, aniseed, mango, maple and mint 

2.
The Medicinal Mushrooms Family Line: 

Medicinal
Mushrooms Family Line targets to balance important body systems. 

The
Medicinal Mushrooms Family Line is based on researched medicinal mushrooms that have been used for thousands of years in traditional
medicine and have been proven to be efficient for various medicinal uses. Medicinal Mushrooms were found to have a wide potential in
the treatment and prevention of diseases, including protection of the heart, antioxidant activity, balancing and strengthening the immune
and digestive systems, lowering cholesterol and balancing blood sugar. Furthermore, it has been shown to protect other important organs
such as the liver, with anti-cancer activity. 

The
Medicinal Mushrooms Family Line includes synergistic combinations of research-based medicinal mushrooms and herbs composed in an herbalist
method and made of purely natural ingredients. 

The
products contain dry form, concentrated powders and extracts of mushrooms and herbals researched and found to benefit headaches, changes
in blood pressure, anxiety, fatigue, and sleep disorders. We are harnessing the power of medicinal mushrooms for restoring nutritional
balance and strengthening the immune system and other body systems. 

12 

3.
The Booster (Energy Sports) Family Line 

The
Booster Family Line targets to provide energy and strength. The Booster Family Line contains unique research-based ingredients and
herbal extracts with a high concentration of antioxidants composed in an herbalist method. The Booster Family Line products create a
synergistic combination of researched plants and natural ingredients that have been shown to have health supportive anti-inflammatory
properties, which strengthen the immune system and contribute to an improved overall feeling. Imbalance in the body, resulting from poor
diet and unhealthy lifestyle, chronic diseases, weakness of the immune system, and side effects of medicines and treatments may lead
to recurrent infections, chronic coughing, weakness, and gastrointestinal disorders. The Booster Family Line includes herbal syrups that
are suitable for morning drinking preventively and target to support daily overload as energy and booster products. The Product Line
for Sports Energy contains research-based herbal formulas including powders and extracts of researched plants that have been demonstrated
to have effects of enhancing exercise and athletic performance and include ingredients that improve strength or endurance, increase exercise
efficiency, achieve a performance goal more quickly, and increase tolerance for more intense training. These products can be used to
prepare the body for exercise, reduce the chance of injury during training, and enhance recovery from exercise. The products come in
a variety of forms, including tablets, capsules, liquids, powders, and bars. 

4.
The Balance Calm Family Line 

Balance
 Calm Family Line for mood and body balancing. The Balance Calm Family Line contains research-based herbal formulas composed
in an herbalist method including powders and extracts of researched plants that have been demonstrated to have health supporting effects
of calming the digestive system, reducing anxiety and fatigue, and improving sleep quality. 

The
Balance Calm Family Line serves as support for the digestive system, balancing and strengthening the body, calming and improving
sleep quality. Modern lifestyles that include many tasks and heavy stress, with a non-optimal diet, can lead to fatigue, restlessness,
pain, and a particularly sensitive digestive system. All of these can also be side effects of taking various medications and having an
unbalanced lifestyle. Continuous stress releases toxic substances in the body, which over time can cause significant health problems.
Studies showed that reducing stress improves sleep quality through affecting the nervous system. The Balance Calm Family Line targets
to restore and maintain emotional and body balance and calm the digestive and other systems of the body. 

5.
The Personal Protection Health Supportive Family Line: 

Personal
Protection Family Line targets to support various health chronic and other conditions and prevent contagion with viruses and bacteria.
 The Personal Protection Health Supportive Family Line contains research-based balanced combinations of plants, vitamins and
minerals composed in an herbalist method, which together form a shell that supports the proper functioning of many body systems, giving
an incentive to the immune system and preventing contagion with viruses and bacteria. In the current reality of pandemics, such as COVID-19,
and the widespread use of medicines and treatments we believe it is important to balance and nurture different body systems and to strengthen
the immune system. 

6.
The Digestion Weight Management Family Line 

The
Product Line for Digestions Weight Management contains research-based herbal formulas including powders and extracts of researched
plants that have been demonstrated to have effects on the digestive system, metabolism and appetite and include ingredients that improve
weight management and include ingredients with thermogenic, lipotropic, satiety, and other metabolic effects demonstrating improved markers
of metabolic health, such as glucose, lipids, and blood pressure. These products can be used to support various digestive system health
conditions and limited calory diet intake without suffering from nutritional deficiencies, successful weight management, which includes
not only weight loss but also weight loss maintenance (i.e., limiting weight regain); control of appetite, and more. 

7.
The Men Family Line 

The
Product Line for Men contains research-based herbal formulas including powders and extracts of researched plants that have been demonstrated
to have health supporting effects on Men s Health issues in different areas, such as men s sexual potency fertility,
prostate gland issues, fitness, weight loss, and more. The Product Line for Men targets to restore and maintain specific health issues
common for men and is adapted to men s physiology, nutritional needs, common health issues, and more. 

13 

8.
The Women Family Line 

The
Product Line for Women contains research-based herbal formulas including powders and extracts of researched plants that have been demonstrated
to have health supporting effects on Women s Health issues in different areas, such as candidiasis, fertility issues, vaginal microflora,
menstrual cycle normalization, PMS relief, weight loss, and more. The Product Line for Women targets to restore and maintain specific
health issues common for women and is adapted to women s physiology, nutritional needs, common health issues, and more. 

9.
The Vitamins Minerals Family Line 

Vitamins
and minerals are essential organic compounds that are required in order to maintain good health and overcome various infections and retain
a good health condition. They are involved in a variety of metabolic processes and many physiological systems and functions in the body. 

The
Vitamins Minerals Product Line is based on researched substances that have been proven to be efficient for various medicinal uses.
Thy contain research-based balanced combinations of vitamins and minerals composed in an herbalist method, which support the proper functioning
of many body systems, and specifically the immune system to prevent contagion with viruses and bacteria, support a healthy digestive
system, cognitive functions, and more. 

Acquisition of MyPlant Bio Ltd. 

In December 30, 2022, we purchased a 10 equity interest (on a fully
diluted basis) in MyPlant Bio Ltd. under the terms of a Share Purchase and Option Agreement. The agreement provides Citrine Global with
an option to purchase an additional 45 of MyPlant equity. 

MyPlant
Bio Ltd, a pioneering Israeli company that is specialized in botanical drug development and owns certain know-how and intellectual property
rights that include a developed platform and cell-disease models to screen plant extracts to understand their biological effect and
has screening platforms using cell line models for certain diseases and conditions to detect effective plant materials and/or other
substances for the treatment of these conditions. MyPlant was founded by Cannasoul Analytics, a leading botanical research and development
company and Prof. Dedi Meiri from the Faculty of Biology at the Israeli Institute of Technology (Technion) and a member of the Technion
Integrated Cancer Center. Citrine Global s acquisition of MyPlant is in line with the Citrine Global s strategy to be a leader
in plant-based wellness and pharma solutions. 

Under
the terms of the Share Purchase and Option Agreement, we purchased from the MyPlant shareholders an aggregate of 44,328 ordinary
shares of MyPlant (the MyPlant Shares representing, on a fully diluted basis, 10 of the outstanding MyPlant Shares,
in consideration of 444,444 payable by the issuance by Citrine Global to the MyPlant shareholders of an aggregate of 9,259,250
shares of our common stock. In addition, under the Share Purchase and Option Agreement, we were granted an option by the MyPlant
shareholders to purchase an additional 35 of MyPlant Shares, on a fully diluted basis (the Shareholders Option ), in
consideration of 1,555,556 payable by the issuance of up to 32,407,417 shares of our common stock to the MyPlant shareholders, and
a separate option by MyPlant to purchase an additional 10 of the MyPlant Shares, on a fully diluted basis (the MyPlant
Option ), in consideration of 444,444, which is payable, in our sole discretion, in cash or in the issuance to MyPlant of
up to 9,259,250 shares of our common stock. Said options are exercisable through September 30, 2023 (the Option Expiry
Date ). If both the Shareholders Option and the Company Options are exercised, we will hold 55 of MyPlant Shares, on a fully
diluted basis. Under the Share Purchase and Option Agreement, are authorized to continue its due diligence through the Option Expiry
Date. 

The
transactions under the Share Purchase and Option Agreement are based on a MyPlant company valuation of approximately 4.45 million. Under
the agreement, we are authorized at any time on or before the Option Expiry Date to obtain an independent third-party valuation of MyPlant.
If it is determined by such third-party valuation that the MyPlant valuation is less than 4.45 million then the consideration payable
in respect of the exercise price of the options will be accordingly adjusted, provided however that in any case the Company s
valuation in the transaction shall not be below US 1,000,000. 

14 

Under
the Share Purchase and Option Agreement, MyPlant granted to our company the exclusive right to utilize MyPlant s activities
as specified in the agreement, including without limitation, the screening platforms using cell
line models for certain diseases and conditions to detect effective plant materials and/or other substances for the treatment of these
conditions and a and a right of first opportunity to commercialize intellectual property developed by MyPlant that is in Citrine
(or its subsidiaries field of business, provided that, if by December 31, 2023 we do not exercise either of the Shareholders
Option or the Company Option and/or enter into a service agreement with MyPlant, then the exclusive rights shall terminate but the right
of first opportunity to commercialize intellectual property developed by MyPlant shall continue thereafter until June 31, 2024, unless
such rights have been extended beyond such date under the terms to be agreed in the service agreement entered into by MyPlant and out
company . In addition, under the Share Purchase and Option Agreement, Cannasoul, MyPlant s
majority Shareholder, agreed to not that may compete with MyPlant s activities. 

We
were also granted observer rights on the MyPlant board of Directors (the MyPlant Board ). Following the exercise by us of
the Shareholders Option, the MyPlant Board shall be comprised of four (4) directors of which MyPlant will be authorized to designate
two of such directors. 

The
acquisition of MyPlant Bio is part of our strategy for developing scientifically backed plant-based products composed of specific
active plant substances proven by research to advance our wellness and planned pharma product offerings as to the effects of
specific plant substances and compounds on different wellness and medical conditions and possibly the option to offer personally
customized products for individual patients tailored for their healing process. As the worldwide use of botanical nutritional
supplements and botanical drugs continues to grow, the need for scientific evaluation of the safety and efficacy of these products
is becoming ever greater and positions our company with a competitive edge in the Wellness market, the Nutritional Supplements
market that is expected to reach USD 625 billion by 2030 24 and the botanical and plant-derived drug market that is
expected to reach USD 53 billion by 2026 25 . 

Our
IP Strategy and R D Roadmap 

Our
IP strategy and R D roadmap include developing plant-based wellness and pharma solutions, building our patent portfolio, conducting
clinical trials, advancing products through regulatory approvals, and bringing innovative products to market. 

Currently
we have a provisional patent application, and as part of our IP strategy, we plan to build a patent portfolio. We are also considering
purchasing patents and IP. 

Our
strategy includes developing plant-based wellness, and plant-based medicines products solutions including: 

Developing
 plant-based products portfolio based on rigorous scientific research ranging from synergistic botanicals, herbal extract tinctures,
 medicinal mushrooms together with plant extracts, botanical formulations from seeds, roots, bark, fruits and a wide variety of plants
 that contain substances with health-supportive effects. Such supportive effects include, but aren t limited to, enhancing oral
 care, anti-inflammatory properties, relaxation, sleep enhancement, energizing, mood and body balancing and alleviating side effects. 

24 
Research, P., 2022. Nutritional Supplements Market to Hit US 624.7 Billion by 2030. [online] GlobeNewswire 

 25 201-2026,
G. and 2018-2026, G., 2022. Botanical and Plant Derivative Drug Market - Global Forecast 2018-2026. [online] 

15 

Researching
plant-based medicines and solutions for the botanical and plant-derived drug market. Botanical drugs are derivative of medicinal plants
and may contain algae, plant-based substances and fungi. Botanical and plant derived drugs help in the treatment of various diseases,
such as central nervous system disorders, infectious diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and respiratory diseases and are available in
various forms, such as pills, tablets, and injections. The key factors driving this market are growing applications in diseases, growing
FDA approvals and a dedicated Botanical Drugs Approval pathway, technological development in the manufacturing process, and rising demand
for and focus on traditional and natural source medicines . 

The
 acquisition of MyPlant is an opportunity to advance our wellness and planned pharma and botanical drug products with MyPlant s
 scientific research as to the effects of specific plant substances and compounds on different wellness and medical conditions. As
 we have more than 100 researched plant-based formulations and product lines targeting to promote wellbeing and complementary products
 for balancing selected side effects caused by medicines, treatments, or an unbalanced lifestyle and we continue our research, we
 plan to benefit from the collaboration with MyPlant and Professor Dedi Meiri to advance our strategy for developing scientifically
 backed plant-based products composed of specific active plant substances proven by research to be effective for different medical
 conditions and possibly offer personally customized products for individual patients tailored for their healing process. We will
 also have access to MyPlant s database of verified substances and their researched effects on different medical conditions
 to advance development our pharma products positioned to capture market share in the botanical and plant-derived drug market that
 is expected to reach USD 53 billion by 2026 26. 

Our
research and development program includes: 

Developing
 wellness plant-based product portfolio across the range from scientific and research-based plants, such as herbal extracts, medicinal
 mushrooms, and other natural ingredients 

Developing
 complementary products portfolio for balancing selected side effects caused by medicines, treatments, cannabis, aging, stress, and
 an unbalanced lifestyle 

Expanding
 our product lines and registering the products for worldwide regulatory approvals. 

Researching
 and developing plant-based medicines and pharma solutions with the mission of developing plant-based medicines and botanical drugs 

Building
 patent portfolio 

Building
 clinical trials program portfolio 

Registering
 products for regulatory approval 

Building
 the infrastructure for production and innovation centers to leverage IP competitive advantage in developing and manufacturing
 wellness to pharma plant-based products 

Currently
 our product line does not include any cannabis, cannabinoid, or cannabis related components. However, pending changes in the regulatory,
 market landscape and pending approval of the board of directors, we may consider developing cannabis, cannabinoid, and related products . 

Provisional
Patent Applications 

In
October 2021 we filed a provisional patent application for PHARMACEUTICAL COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR THE TREATMENT OF SIDE-EFFECTS
ASSOCIATED WITH THE USE OF CANNABIS, CANNABINOIDS AND RELATED PRODUCTS , patent No: 63/257,673 in the U.S. Patent Trademark
Office. The patent application describes certain side effects of cannabis use, the needs, technologies and solutions to support medical
cannabis users who experience side effects related to their cannabis treatment. 

In
October 2022 we filed an extension to the provisional patent application No: 63/257,673 in the U.S. Patent Trademark Office by
filing a provisional patent application patent No: 63/418,046 for COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR TREATING, AMELIORATING, ALLEVIATING,
MITIGATING OR BALANCING SIDE-EFFECTS ASSOCIATED WITH THE USE OF MEDICINES, TREATMENTS, AGING, CANNABIS, AND UNBALANCED OR UNHEALTHY LIFESTYLE .
The patent application describes common side effects associated with the use of medicines, treatments, aging, cannabis and cannabinoids,
and unbalanced or unhealthy life style, such as headaches, dizziness, drowsiness, fatigue, nausea, vomiting, lack of concentration, impaired
appetite, and more. 

26 
2018-2026, G. and 2018-2026, G., 2022. Botanical and Plant Derivative Drug Market - Global Forecast 2018-2026. [online] 

16 

In
July 2022, we filed a provisional patent application patent No: 63/388,361 in the U.S. Patent Trademark Office for COMPOSITIONS
AND METHODS FOR TREATING, AMELIORATING, ALLEVIATING, MITIGATING OR BALANCING SIDE-EFFECTS IN THE ORAL CAVITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE USE
OF MEDICINES, TREATMENTS, AGING OR UNBALANCED/UNHEALTHY LIFESTYLE . The patent application relates to compositions and methods
for answering the need for treatment, amelioration, alleviation, mitigation, or balance of side effects in the Oral Cavity related to
medications, treatments (such as chemotherapy), and more. It describes technologies and solutions to support people who experience side
effects related to their treatment. Oral cavity side effects are common. The overall estimated prevalence of dry mouth is over one in
four people in the general population with higher prevalence rates observed in studies conducted with elderly people 27 . Research
shows that oral cavity-related symptoms are linked to different factors, such as using medicines, treatments, aging, an unbalanced or
unhealthy lifestyle, various chronic diseases, psychological reasons, stress, and more 28 . 

Green
Vision Center Production and Innovation Center for Plant-based Wellness Pharma Products 

Green
Vision Center is part of our strategy to create end-to-end plant-based solutions covering all the infrastructure, facilities, and
activities required for developing, manufacturing, and bringing to market innovative plant-based wellness and pharma products. 

Figure 5: Green Vision Center Israel Building Demonstration 

All image rights are reserved to the Company and are for illustration
purposes only and do not bind the company 

Green
Vision Center Israel 

In
February of 2022, we completed the acquisition from the Israel Lands Authority (ILA) of 125,000 square feet (approximately 11,687 square
meters) or approximately three acres of industrial land in Yerucham, a city in southern Israel, to build Green Vision Center Israel.
Approximately 90 of the acquisition cost was provided by Israeli government programs that encourage industrial development and includes
additional grants and tax incentives. 

27
 How Common is Dry Mouth? Systematic Review and Meta-Regression Analysis of Prevalence Estimates Brazilian Dental Journal (2018)
29(6): 606-618 

 28
 American Dental Association (ADA) Science Research Institute, LLC Oral Health Topic: Xerostomia, Department of Scientific
Information, Evidence Synthesis Translation Research. Feb 2021 

17 

It
is currently anticipated that the Green Vision Center Israel will include approximately 65,000 sq. ft. (~ 5,800 sqm) a first-of-its-kind
center s infrastructure and facilities will be focused on the development and production of wellness and pharma plant-based products
and planned to include: 

Manufacturing
 facilities for botanicals and nutritional supplements 

Manufacturing
 facilities for pharma plant-based products botanical drugs 

Manufacturing
 facilities for healthy snacks beverages 

Manufacturing
 facilities for plant-based cosmetics 

Manufacturing
 facilities for medical cannabis and related products 

R D
 laboratories for development, clinical studies, and quality control testing 

Distribution
 and global logistics center 

Management
 and consultant offices 

Conference, training visitor center 

Green
Vision Center Israel: Planned Divisions and Internal Design 

Figure
6: Green Vision Center Israel Planned Internal Design 

All
image rights are reserved to the Company and are for illustration purposes only and do not bind the company 

Green
Vision Center Israel was designed by Avner Sher, one of Israel s most highly regarded architects. Its design includes a unique
roof in the shape of a lotus flower and will be built with solar panels and according to ecological green principles of saving energy. 

The
center will be constructed by a professional project construction company and sub-contractors that will oversee all aspects of the building
including interfacing and obtaining all facilities and products relevant licenses and regulatory approvals, the requisite building permits
and other required authorizations. 

18 

Our
Business Model for the Green Vision Center includes: 

Production
 sales of our branded products; 

Production
 services to third parties; 

Full
 turnkey solutions for all the services that the center can provide, including R D, QA, production, market positioning, and sales; 

Partnerships
 and collaborations with international companies in the wellness and pharma industries that are interested in establishing an innovation
 and production infrastructure in Israel; 

Mergers
 acquisitions and strategic partnership activities; and 

Partnerships
 based on models of profit sharing. 

Our
mission is to become a leading worldwide production and innovation center for natural plant-based products and health, wellness, and
pharma solutions and to bring partners, market leaders, companies, technologies, and scientific collaborations from Israel and around
the world. 

Israel
as a Source of Innovation 

Our
presence in Israel combined with our close contacts with leading universities, researchers and companies empowers us to access the latest
technologies, talent, and innovations and bring them to the global market. 

We
chose to focus on Israel for the following reasons: 

Israel
 is well positioned as a leader in technology with a critical mass of technology companies, researchers, and scientists 29 . 

Our headquarters, our executives and strategic partners are based in Israel,
where we have been operating for years and have a strong network with Israeli companies, universities, labs, entrepreneurs, and businesses. 

Israel
 is considered a pharma powerhouse and a world leader in clinical trials due to its advanced regulatory environment and local experience 30 . 

The
 Israeli government views and supports technological innovation a major growth engine for the Israeli economy and supports it. The
 government support includes grants for the purchase of equipment, tax incentives, incentives for employing workers, and other benefits
 as part of a program of the Israeli government to encourages industrial development and benefits for the city of Yerucham. 

We
 acquired land in the south of Israel, backed by government support, to build the Green Vision Center, a first-of-its-kind production
 and innovation center for plant-based wellness pharma products. 

Creating
a Global Network Growth Strategy 

A
core part of our strategy includes building a worldwide network with local teams, partners, subsidiaries, Green Vision Centers, strategic
partnerships, collaborations, and mergers acquisitions of technology and distribution companies. 

Initially,
we are planning to build infrastructure for business development and sales with local teams in North America and Europe. 

Our
strategy includes various business models that are intended to bring new products to market leveraging, and thereby, maximizing company s
value, building the company s intellectual property and growth strategy that includes mergers acquisitions of technology
and distribution companies. 

Go
to Market Strategy and Prospective Revenue Sources 

The
plant-based wellness pharma market is booming, with health-conscious consumers spending more on natural products ranging from nutraceuticals,
natural superfoods, beverages, and cosmetics to legal cannabis and the evolving market of botanical and plant-derived drugs. 

The
 nutritional supplements market is expected to reach USD 624.7 billion by 2030 31 . 

The
 superfoods market is expected to reach USD 287.7 billion by 2027 32 . 

The
 legal cannabis market is expected to reach USD 70.6 billion by 2028 33 

The
 botanical and plant-derived drug market is expected to reach USD 53 billion by 2026 34 . 

The
 natural cosmetics market is expected to reach USD 24.8 billion by 2027 35 . 

29
 PwC-Startup Nation Central Report Explores Israel s Multinational Innovation Ecosystem 

 30 
Portfolio of Israeli companies Life science and Clean-tech sectors October 2020 

 31
 Research, P., 2022. Nutritional Supplements Market to Hit US 624.7 Billion by 2030. [online] GlobeNewswire] 

 32
 Research, I., 2022. Global Superfoods Market Size is Projected To Reach US 287.75 Billion by 2027 | Superfoods Market Store, Delivery
Options, Emerging Trends 2022 | Segmentation by Product Type, Applications, Regions, Key-Players (ADM, Ardent Mills, Bunge). [online]
GlobeNewswire Newsroom 

 33
 Grandviewresearch.com. 2022. Legal Marijuana Market Size Worth 70.6 Billion By 2028 

 34
 2018-2026, G. and 2018-2026, G., 2022. Botanical and Plant Derivative Drug Market - Global Forecast 2018-2026. [online] 

 35
 52 Fortune Business Insights, The global vegan cosmetics market is projected to grow to 24.79 billion in 2028 Report ID FBI106594
[online] 

19 

The
wellness products are sold through different distribution channels which include online digital direct sales, online retailer websites,
physical shops and retailers including food, drug, and mass merchandise retail networks. We are currently focused on building a B2B distribution
network worldwide with select local partners who will be handling import, distribution, marketing, and sales while adhering with local
regulations. 

Our
strategy for generating revenue in the near term and future include: 

Sales
 of our proprietary products including Green Feels Green Side by Side product lines 

Commercialization
 and licensing our future IP, products brands. 

Collaborations
 acquisitions of distribution companies and strategic partnership activities 

Competition 

The
global health and wellness market is expected to reach USD 7.6 trillion by 2030 36 and is very crowded and competitive. Many
companies, from startups to corporate giants, operate in these spaces. 

Plant-based
wellness sector: Nutritional supplements 

The
Nutritional supplements and OTC wellness products markets are growing thanks to increased attention to natural products, health and prevention
by the consumers and increased health care costs and search for alternatives to cure specific problems. 

Some
of the key players in this market are Herbalife Nutrition Ltd., Amway Corp., Abbott, Arkopharma, Bayer AG, Glanbia PLC, Pfizer Inc.,
ADM, and Ayanda 37 . 

Botanical
Drugs 

The
botanical and plant-derived drug market is expected to reach 53 billion by 2026 38 . 

Botanical
drugs are derivative of medicinal plants and may contain algae, plant-based substances and fungi. Botanical and plant derived drugs help
in the treatment of various diseases, such as central nervous system disorders, infectious diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and respiratory
diseases and are available in various forms, such as pills, tablets, and injections. 

We
believe that the key factors driving this market are: 

Growing
 applications of Botanical drugs in diseases 

Growing
 FDA approvals and a dedicated Botanical Drugs Approval pathway 

Technological
 development in the manufacturing process, 

Rising
 demand for and focus on traditional and natural source medicines 39 . 

Large
companies are involved in this market with the major players including Bayer AG, Boehringer Ingelheim International GmbH, F. Hoffmann
La Roche Ltd., Jazz Pharmaceuticals Plc, Johnson and Johnson Inc., Merck KGaA, Mitsubishi Chemical Corp., Novartis AG, Sanofi SA, and
Tilray Inc. 40 . 

36 Research, P.,
2022. Health and Wellness Market Size to Hit USD 7,656.7 Bn by 2030. [online] GlobeNewswire News Room. 

 37
 MarketView Research: Dietary Supplements Market Size, Share Trends Analysis Report By Ingredient (Vitamins, Minerals), By
Form, By Application, By End User, By Distribution Channel, By Region, And Segment Forecasts, 2022 - 2030 

 38
 2018-2026, G. and 2018-2026, G., 2022. Botanical and Plant Derivative Drug Market - Global Forecast 2018-2026. [online] Inkwood
Research 

 39
 2018-2026, G. and 2018-2026, G., 2022. Botanical and Plant Derivative Drug Market - Global Forecast 2018-2026. [online] Inkwood
Research. 

 40
 Technavio Report: Botanical and Plant-Derived Drugs Market by Type and Geography - Forecast and Analysis 2022-2026 

20 

We
have differentiated ourselves through our end-to-end strategy of bringing to market innovative plant-based wellness and pharma products
covering the whole spectrum from research, product development, building the infrastructure, manufacturing, and marketing. We built the
following strategy and unique business model that can support our ability to remain competitive: 

We
 are leveraging technology and research and focus on developing plant-based wellness and pharma solutions to improve quality of life
 and complementary products for balancing selected side effects caused by medicines and treatments, cannabis, aging, stress, and an
 unbalanced lifestyle 

We
 have the ability to develop innovative products and solutions that meet customer and market needs 

We
 develop our IP strategy by building patent portfolio, conducting clinical studies, and obtaining regulatory approvals 

We
 have a leading experienced team and partners with proven track record in technology, high-tech and biotech and proven experience
 in bringing companies to global success 

Our
 presence in Israel combined with our close contacts with leading universities, researchers and companies powers us with the latest
 technologies, talent, and innovation and to offer innovative solutions to the global market. 

Potential
 partnerships and other collaborations with international companies in the wellness and pharma industries 

The
Health Wellness Industries Global Market Size and Potential: 

The
global health and wellness market is expected to reach USD 7.6 trillion by 2030, growing at a CAGR of 5.5 from 2021 to 2030. The hectic,
unbalanced lifestyle has resulted in the prevalence of lack of proper diet and sleep, stress, depression, anxiety, cancer, diabetes,
and various other health related issues. Lack of proper diet has resulted in the reduced intake of essential nutrients and minerals required
for the healthy and active functioning of the human body. Precedence research identifies growth opportunities to the health and wellness
market players across the globe in the adoption of smart technologies and innovative ways in manufacturing various health and wellness
products, nutritional supplements, healthy snacks and beverages, the growing biopharmaceutical industry and development of botanical
drugs 41 . 

Health
and wellness have been found by Nielsen IQ researchers to be the most powerful consumer force of 2021. In contrast to the unpredictable
nature of COVID-19, consumers are being very deliberate with their choices. A survey conducted discovered that consumers emphasize having
meaningful and purposeful living, health management, strength and wellness, mental health and stability, happiness, social connections,
environmental betterment, balance, and fulfillment. We are witnessing a global movement of health and wellbeing becoming a priority for
the public, further emphasized by the global COVID-19 pandemic. There is increasing recognition that people need to take charge of their
own health, improve their quality of life, use natural products, and balance side effects caused by medicines and treatment 42 . 

41 
Research, P., 2022. Health and Wellness Market Size to Hit USD 7,656.7 Bn by 2030. [online] GlobeNewswire News Room 

 42 
NielsenIQ. 2022. An inside look into the 2021 global consumer health and wellness revolution. [online] 

21 

The
Plant-Based Global Market Size and Potential: 

The
plant-based products market is booming with health-conscious consumers spending more on natural products, ranging from nutraceuticals,
natural superfoods, beverages, cosmetics to legal cannabis and the evolving market for botanical and plant-derived drugs. For example: 

The
 nutritional supplements market is expected to reach USD 624.7 billion by 2030 43 . 

The
 superfoods market is expected to reach USD 287.7 billion by 2027 44 . 

The
 legal cannabis market is expected to reach USD 70.6 billion by 2028 45 . 

The
botanical and plant-derived drug market is expected to reach USD 53 billion by 2026 46 . 

The
 natural cosmetics market is expected to reach USD 24.8 billion by 2027 47 

The
Global Nutritional Supplements Market 

The
global nutritional supplements market is expected to reach USD 624.7 billion by 2030 and is expanding growth at a CAGR of 7.1 over the
forecast period 2021 to 2030 with plant-based supplements containing natural ingredients and extracts of plants and mushrooms that have
a beneficial biological effect 48 . The global superfoods market is expected to reach USD 214.95 billion by 2027 with superfoods
being foods that have a very high nutritional density. This means they provide a substantial amount of nutrients and very few calories.
They contain a high volume of minerals, vitamins, and antioxidants. 

Growth
in the nutritional supplements is driven by growing awareness of health and safety in the traditional pharma, food, and beverage industries
as well as higher healthcare costs. Authentic consumption has become a major food and beverage trend as consumers increasingly seek natural
ingredients. Products such as ginseng, echinacea, ginkgo biloba, and garlic, the top selling botanical products are considered natural
remedies for inflammation and infections. This is further driven by the COVID-19 pandemic, with consumers looking to strengthen the natural
immune system. This is also driving growth of vitamins and minerals and moving towards natural colorant-based plant juice products, since
they provide better and long-lasting protection from viruses and bacteria. In addition, botanicals and nutritional supplements are widely
used by people who suffer from diseases related to weight management, clinical nutrition, digestive health (gut health problems), immunity,
diabetes, and cardio fitness, either as treatment or prevention 49 . 

We
believe that the market demand for Nutritional Supplements is driven by 50 : 

Increasing
 attention to health and prevention by the consumers 

Greater
 customization of needs for different segments of the population 

Increased
 health care costs and search for alternatives to cure specific problems 

The
 growth in demand for supplements is mainly driven by probiotic supplements, Fatty Acids (i.e. fish oils) and protein supplements 

Herbal/Botanical
 Supplements usage has emerged as a popular complementary and alternative medicine or supplement to modern medicine 

Rising
 consumer awareness regarding the severity of digestive disorders, stimulate the growth of the Enzymes segment. 

43
 Research, P., 2022. Nutritional Supplements Market to Hit US 624.7 Billion by 2030. [online] GlobeNewswire 

 44
 Research, I., 2022. Global Superfoods Market Size is Projected To Reach US 287.75 Billion by 2027 | Superfoods Market Store, Delivery
Options, Emerging Trends 2022 | Segmentation by Product Type, Applications, Regions, Key-Players (ADM, Ardent Mills, Bunge). [online]
GlobeNewswire News Room 

 45
 Grandviewresearch.com. 2022. Legal Marijuana Market Size Worth 70.6 Billion By 2028. [online] 

 46
 2018-2026, G. and 2018-2026, G., 2022. Botanical and Plant Derivative Drug Market - Global Forecast 2018-2026. [online] 

 47
 Fortune Business Insights, The global vegan cosmetics market is projected to grow to 24.79 billion in 2028 Report ID FBI106594
[online] 

 48
 Research, P., 2022. Nutritional Supplements Market to Hit US 624.7 Billion by 2030. [online] GlobeNewswire 

 49 PwC Vitamins and Dietary
Supplements Market Overview Report,
https://www.pwc.com/it/it/publications/assets/docs/Vitamins-Dietary-Supplements-Market-Overview.pdf 

 50
 PwC Vitamins and Dietary Supplements Market Overview Report, https://www.pwc.com/it/it/publications/assets/docs/Vitamins-Dietary-Supplements-Market-Overview.pdf 

22 

The
Botanical and Plant-derived Drug Market 

The
global botanical and plant-derivative drug market is anticipated to grow to 53 billion by 2026 driven by growing applications in diseases,
technological developments in manufacturing processes and a growing focus and demand for naturally sourced medicines 51 . 

Botanical
drugs are derived from natural sources, plants and mushrooms, and are considered to have fewer side-effects as compared to synthetic
drugs while showing high efficacy in helping to treat different medical conditions and chronic diseases 52 . 

The
important driver for growth in the global botanical and plant-derivative drug market is its growing applications in diseases. Botanical
drugs are derivative of medicinal plants and may contain algae and vegetable substances, along with macroscopic fungi. These may assist
in the treatment of various diseases, such as central nervous system disorders, infectious diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and respiratory
diseases. Botanical and plant derivative drugs are available in various forms, such as pills, tablets, and injections 53 . 

The
Botanical and plant-derivative drug market is primarily driven by the following factors 54 

Growing
 applications in diseases 

Growing
 FDA approvals 

Technological
 development in the manufacturing process 

Rising
 demand for traditional medicines 

Growing
 focus on natural source medicines 

The
Global Cannabis Market 

The
global legal cannabis market size is expected to reach USD 70.6 billion by 2028 driven mainly by increased legalization of cannabis for
medical and adult-use and the growing adoption of these products for the treatment of chronic diseases 55 . 

There
are currently over 200 million cannabis users worldwide and an increased interest in cannabis as a medicine in recent years 56 .
Cannabis was approved for medical use showing benefit in serious medical conditions including cancer, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson s,
epilepsy, chronic pain, and post trauma. Research indicates that some medical cannabis users experience side effects during their cannabis
treatment, which may cause them to discontinue treatment despite good clinical outcomes achieved with the cannabis treatment 57 . 

The
Global Natural Cosmetics Market 

The
global natural cosmetics market is projected to reach USD 24.86 billion by 2028 driven mainly by increasing demand for harmful chemical-free
cosmetics, rising awareness against the use of animal derivatives and growing social media movements endorsing naturally derived products 58 . 

The
cosmetic and personal care segment of botanicals is also on the rise with companies increasingly discovering novel herbal ingredients
as consumers are seeking more natural products with ingredients that are of plant origin: extracts or oils obtained from raw plant materials.
Natural cosmetics are cosmetics that have ingredients of plant origin. The absence of chemical compounds and animal-by products are specifically
suited to sensitive skin people. The natural cosmetic products are biodegradable and environmentally friendly. Many companies in the
field focus on the production of natural cosmetics that are cruelty-free as these products have increasing demand 59 . 

51 2018-2026, G.
and 2018-2026, G., 2022. Botanical and Plant Derivative Drug Market - Global Forecast 2018-2026. [online] Inkwood Research 

 52
 2018-2026, G. and 2018-2026, G., 2022. Botanical and Plant Derivative Drug Market - Global Forecast 2018-2026. [online] Inkwood
Research 

 53
 Sciences, L. and Discovery, D., 2022. Global Botanical and Plant-Derived Drugs Market 2022-2026. [online] 

 54
 2018-2026, G. and 2018-2026, G., 2022. Botanical and Plant Derivative Drug Market - Global Forecast 2018-2026. [online] Inkwood
Research 

 55 Statista.
2022. Cannabis users worldwide number by region 2011-2019 | Statista 

 56 Statista. 2022.
Cannabis users worldwide number by region 2011-2019 | Statista 

 57 Statista. 2022.
Cannabis users worldwide number by region 2011-2019 | Statista 

 58 Fortune Business
Insights, The global vegan cosmetics market is projected to grow to 24.79 billion in 2028 Report ID FBI106594 [online] 

 59 Fortune Business
Insights, The global vegan cosmetics market is projected to grow to 24.79 billion in 2028 Report ID FBI106594 [online] 

23 

Side
Effects and Drug Safety/Pharmacovigilance Evolving Market 

The
public health impact of harms associated with medicines and treatments is a growing area of investigation, given the expanding pharma
industry and widespread availability of drugs, and different medical treatments around the world. 

Current
evidence suggests that use of medicines, and medical treatments are associated with a series of side effects. For example, exploring
the relationship between drug side-effects and therapeutic indications demonstrate that 69 of drugs have between 10 and 100 different
side effects; 22 of drugs have more than 100 side-effects; only 9 of drugs have fewer than 10 side-effects (Please see Figure 7
below) 60 

Figure 7: Exploring drug side-effects: 69 of drugs
have between 10 and 100 different side effects 

Illustration Taken from: PubMed Exploring
the Relationship Between Drug Side- 

 Effects and Therapeutic Indications 

 P. Zhang, F. Wang, J. Hu, and R. 2013, Exploring the Relationship Between
Drug Side-Effects and Therapeutic Indications, PubMed Central, PMCID: PMC3900166; PMID: 24551427 

Drug
side-effects, or adverse drug reactions, have become a healthcare concern. The new market of Pharmacovigilance, also known as drug safety the
pharmaceutical science relating to the collection, detection, assessment, monitoring, and prevention of adverse effects with pharmaceutical
products is developing and expected to reach 12.48 billion in 2027. Driving this are increasing public awareness and demand for
safer medications and increasing government initiatives to promote drug safety around the globe 61 . 

60 P.
Zhang, F. Wang, J. Hu, and R. 2013, Exploring the Relationship Between Drug Side-Effects and Therapeutic Indications, PubMed Central,
PMCID: PMC3900166; PMID: 24551427 

 61
 BioSpace. 2022. Pharmacovigilance Market Size to Reach 12.48 Billion in 2027 | Industry Trend - Rising Prevalence of Chronic Diseases
Worldwide, Increasing Cases of Adverse Drug Reactions and Drug Toxicity and High Consumption of Drugs in Developed Economies | BioSpace.
[online] 

24 

Regulatory
Environment 

In
every jurisdiction in which we plan to operate, we will be subject to extensive governmental regulations on the formulation, manufacturing,
packaging, labeling, advertising, promoting, importing, distributing, shipping, and selling our products, may they be nutritional supplements,
cosmetics, foods, or any other category. 

Prior
to commencing operations and/or permitting sales of our products in the market, we may be required to obtain an approval, license, or
certification from the relevant country s ministry of health or another responsible agency. Prior to entering a new market, we
plan to work with local authorities, either directly or via our local partner, to obtain the requisite approvals. The approval process
usually requires us to present each product and product ingredients and, in some cases, arrange for testing of products by local technicians
for ingredient analysis. 

We
or our local partners would need to obtain various regulatory approvals and licenses for our different product lines and activities,
including production of botanicals, nutritional supplements, natural snacks and beverages, and natural cosmetics. We intend to obtain
all regulatory approvals required for different product categories in the different countries in which we will operate either directly
or through our local partners. 

We
describe in this section primarily the material regulations that are currently applicable to our products. 

Regulatory
Environment for the Our Products 

While
the number of people using nutritional supplements and herbal medicine products continues to increase in many countries, the regulations
for these products vary by territory. In some countries supplement use is limited to general health and well-being while in other countries
they are permitted for use as medicinal products. To date, there is little consensus from country to country on the scope, requirements,
definition, or even the terminology in which the nutritional supplement and herbal medicines categories could be classified 62 . 

Our
products are regulated in Israel as nutritional supplements and meet all regulatory compliance requirements for nutritional supplements
in Israel. iBOT Israel Botanicals, our manufacturing facility for our products, is approved by the Israeli Ministry of Health and is
GMP-certified. 

Good
Manufacturing Practice (GMP) is a system for ensuring that products are consistently produced and controlled according to quality standards.
GMP covers all aspects of production from the starting materials, premises, and equipment to the training and personal hygiene of staff.
Detailed written procedures are essential for each process that could affect the quality of the finished product. There must be systems
to provide documented proof that correct procedures are consistently followed at each step in the manufacturing process - every time
a product is made 63 . The National Food Service (NFS) is the regulatory body at the Israeli Ministry of Health, that is responsible
for food and nutritional supplements approval. The NFS strictly examines the safety and quality of each nutritional supplement product
that is about to be registered and marketed in Israel 64 . 

We
currently expect to launch our products in Europe in the first half of 2023. We will obtain all relevant regulatory approvals for the
products before launching them in other territories, such as European countries and the U.S.. 

The
Israeli Ministry of Health maintains a comprehensive list of authorized nutritional supplements for marketing. This list includes over
a thousand different vitamins, minerals, amino acids, and herbs including their extracts. Items under this list can be legally marketed,
however, no medical claims can be made without adequate supporting information. The final products can be in various forms such as powders,
tablets, hard or soft capsules, liquids, including oils and tinctures. Each product must be manufactured under GMP conditions and be
approved by the Ministry of Health prior to selling. 

Regulatory
Compliance for the Green Vision Center Israel 

We
acquired 125,000 sq ft (11,687 sqm), or approximately three acres, of industrial land in the south of Israel upon which a 65,000 sq.
ft. (~5,800 sqm) facility will be built composed of manufacturing plants, laboratories, logistics, import and export, offices, training,
conference center, and an international visitor complex. The center will be constructed by a real estate professional project construction
company and regulatory consultants in the relevant fields that will obtain the required authorizations. 

62
 Thakkar, S., Anklam, E., Xu, A., Ulberth, F., Li, J., Li, B., Hugas, M., Sarma, N., Crerar, S., Swift, S., Hakamatsuka, T., Curtui,
V., Yan, W., Geng, X., Slikker, W. and Tong, W., 2020. Regulatory landscape of dietary supplements and herbal medicines from a global
perspective. Regulatory Toxicology and Pharmacology, 114, p.104647 

 63
 ISPE organization, Regulatory-Resources - GMP 

 64
 Israeli Ministry of Health, National Food Services Department Website (NFS) 

25 

We
intend to obtain all necessary regulatory approvals and licenses for the Green Vision Center s production and operation facilities
and products. 

Corporate
Overview 

Figure 8: Corporate Overview 

Represents shares retained after selling 90 we held in Novomic Ltd. Novomic 

 See
above detailed description of the share purchase agreement with Nanomedic 

 8-K
Citrine Global Signs Share Purchase and Option agreement with MyPlant Bio 

Our
registered office address in the State of Delaware is c/o Business Filings Incorporated, 108 West 13 th St., City of Wilmington,
County of Newcastle, Delaware 19801, and the address of our primary executive office is 5 Golden Beach, Caesarea 3088900, Israel. Our
website address is www.citrine-global.com . 

Properties 

Through
our subsidiary Cannovation Israel Center, in February of 2022, we completed the acquisition of 125,000 sq ft (11,687 sq meters), or approximately
three acres, of industrial land in Yerucham, a city in southern Israel, to build the Green Vision Center Israel with Israeli government s
support. Under the Development Agreement entered into with the Israel Lands Authority ILA ), Cannovation Ltd. will build
and develop the Green Vision Center in accordance with by the time frames, terms and conditions of the agreement. Typically, the initial
time frame for completing the development is four (4) years, subject to extensions that the ILA may approve. Upon completion of the development
within the time frames and other requirements specified in the Development Agreement, then Cannovation Ltd. will be entitled subject
to Israeli law to long term lease agreement (49 years) to the land (equivalent to ownership rights as most of the land in Israel is government
owned and when marketed usually the developers are granted with development/long lease rights). Our subsidiary, Cannovation Ltd., holds
title to the land under the Development Agreement. Cannovation Ltd. is developing its Green Vision Center as development and production
of wellness pharma plant-based products, including botanical solutions, nutritional supplements, vitamins, healthy snacks 
beverages, natural cosmetics, medical cannabis cannabinoid-based products, plant-based pharma products and botanical drugs, and
it is planned to include manufacturing plants, laboratories, logistics, import and export, offices, training, conference center, and
an international visitor complex. 

26 

Employees/Consultants 

We
currently engage 18consultants, including our officers, on a part- time basis, working in various fields of management, research and
development, product management, marketing and regulatory advice. Most of our activities are done with external consultants and professional
companies that provide us the required services. 

Legal
Proceedings 

We
are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings. 

Our
Corporate History 

We
were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on May 26, 2010 under the name TechCare Corp. . 

On
January 6, 2020, our predecessor company, TechCare Corp., a Delaware corporation TechCare ), and Citrine S A L Investment
 Holdings Ltd., an Israeli corporation and a major shareholder of our company Citrine S A L ), and a group of related
persons and entities (the Citrine S A L Group entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the Citrine S A L
Group Agreement ), which was later amended and restated on February 23, 2020 (the AR Citrine S A L Group Agreement ).
Pursuant to the AR Citrine Agreement, TechCare agreed to sell Citrine S A L Group and its group of business partners, up to an aggregate
of 893,699,276 shares of TechCare s common stock, representing approximately 95 of TechCare s fully diluted capital, in
two tranches, with the initial tranche of up to 452,063,196 shares of the TechCare s common stock to be sold conditioned upon (i)
the resignation of the then members of its board of directors, (ii) the appointment of the current members of the Board, and (iii) the
transfer of the TechCare s signatory rights to all Company bank accounts in the name of Citrine S A L Group s nominee. In
addition, the AR Citrine S A L Group Agreement provides for the second tranche of up to the remaining number of shares of common stock
that will result in Citrine S A L Group, owning 95 of the TechCare s fully diluted capital stock, to be sold conditioned upon
the filing of the Company s previously approved amendment to its First Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase
the Company s authorized capital. Shares of the Company were issued and sold in accordance with this amended agreement to Citrine
S A L Group on February 27, 2020, March 5, 2020, and, after the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation to increase its authorized
share capital, on November 11, 2020. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

You
should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. If any of the following risks are realized, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could
be materially and adversely affected. The risks described below are not the only risks facing the Company. Risks and uncertainties not
currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. 

27 

Risks
Related to our Financial position 

We
have a limited operating history and if we are not successful in continuing to grow our business, then we may have to scale back or even
cease our ongoing business operations. 

We have been operating in our current business since March 2020. Accordingly,
our operations are subject to all the risks inherent in the establishment of a developing enterprise and the uncertainties arising from
the absence of a significant operating history. As of December 31, 2023, we have not generated revenues and there can be no assurance
that we will ever be profitable. If our business plan is not successful, and we are not able to operate profitably, investors may lose
some or all of their investment in our company. 

We
expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future as we continue the implementation of our business plan. If we fail to generate revenue
and eventually become profitable, or if we are unable to fund our continuing losses, our shareholders could lose all or a substantial
part of their investment. 

Until
we can generate a sufficient amount of product revenue to finance our cash requirements, which we may never achieve, we expect to finance
our cash needs primarily through public or private equity offerings, debt financings or through the establishment of possible strategic
alliances. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are not able to secure
additional equity funding when needed, we may have to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate, development programs or future commercialization
initiatives. 

In
addition, any additional equity funding that we do obtain will dilute the ownership held by our existing security holders.. Any debt
financing that we obtain in the future could involve substantial restrictions on activities and creditors could seek a pledge of some
or all of our assets. We have not identified potential sources for such financing that we will require, and we do not have commitments
from any third parties to provide any future debt financing. If we fail to obtain funding as needed, we may be forced to cease or scale
back operations, and our results, financial condition and stock price would be adversely affected. 

We
may never achieve profitability. 

We
are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of future revenue or expenses or when, or if, we will be able to achieve profitability.
We have financed our operations primarily through issuance and sale of equity and equity linked securities. The size of our future net
losses will depend, in part, on the rate of growth or contraction of our expenses and the level and rate of growth, if any, of our revenues.
We expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on, among other things: 

sales
 and marketing, including expanding our indirect sales organization and marketing programs; 

planning
 and conducting clinical trials to obtain regulatory approval/clearance for the commercialization of our products; 

expansion
 of our operations and infrastructure, both domestically and internationally; and 

general
 administration, including legal, accounting and other expenses related to being a public company. 

If
we are unable to successfully commercialize our products or if revenue from any of our products that receives marketing approval is insufficient,
we will not achieve profitability. Furthermore, even if we successfully commercialize our products, our planned investments may not result
in increased revenue or growth of our business. We may not be able to generate net revenues sufficient to offset our expected cost increases
and planned investments in our business. As a result, we may incur significant losses for the foreseeable future, and may not be able
to achieve and sustain profitability. If we fail to achieve and sustain profitability, then we may not be able to achieve our business
plan, fund our business or continue as a going concern. 

28 

Currency
exchange rate fluctuations affect our results of operations, as reported in our financial statements. 

We
incur expenses in U.S. Dollars and in NIS but our functional currency is the U.S. dollar. However, a significant portion of our headcount
related expenses, consisting principally of personnel expenses as well as R D consulting services, leases and certain other operating
expenses, are denominated in NIS. This foreign currency exposure gives rise to market risk associated with exchange rate movements of
the U.S. dollar against the NIS. Furthermore, we anticipate that a material portion of our expenses will continue to be denominated in
NIS. 

In
addition, increased international sales in the future may result in greater foreign currency denominated sales, increasing our foreign
currency risk. If we are not able to successfully hedge against the risks associated with currency fluctuations, our financial condition
and results of operations could be adversely affected. which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry and Regulatory Process 

Our
failure to manage growth effectively could impair our business. 

Our
business strategy envisions a period of rapid growth that may put a strain on our administrative and operational resources and funding
requirements. Our ability to effectively manage growth will require us to continue to expand the capabilities of our operational and
management systems and to attract, train, manage, and retain qualified personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be able to do
so, particularly if losses continue and we are unable to obtain sufficient financing. If we are unable to successfully manage growth,
our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our
plans are dependent upon key individuals and the ability to attract qualified personnel. 

In
order to execute our business plan, we will be dependent on Ora Elharar Soffer, our Chief Executive Officer and Director. The loss of
Ms. Elharar Soffer could have a material adverse effect upon our business prospects. Moreover, our success continues to depend to a significant
extent on our ability to identify, attract, hire, train and retain qualified professional, creative, technical and managerial personnel. 

Competition
for such personnel is intense, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying, attracting, hiring, training,
and retaining such personnel in the future. If we are unable to hire, assimilate and retain qualified personnel in the future, our business,
operating results, and financial condition could be materially adversely effected. We may also depend on third party contractors and
other partners to assist with the execution of our business plan. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in either attracting
and retaining qualified personnel, or creating arrangements with such third parties. The failure to succeed in these endeavors would
have a material adverse effect on our ability to consummate our business plans. 

Failure
in the Company s information technology systems, including by cybersecurity attacks or other data security incidents, could significantly
disrupt its operations. 

Our
operations depend, in part, on the continued performance of our information technology systems. Our information technology systems are
potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptions. Failure of our information technology
systems could adversely affect our business, profitability, and financial condition. Although we have information technology security
systems, a successful cybersecurity attack or other data security incident could result in the misappropriation and/or loss of confidential
or personal information, create system interruptions, or deploy malicious software that attacks our systems. It is possible that we not
notice a cybersecurity attack for some period. The occurrence of a cybersecurity attack or incident could result in business interruptions
from the disruption of the Company s information technology systems, or negative publicity resulting in reputational damage with
its shareholders and other stakeholders and/or increased costs to prevent, respond to or mitigate cybersecurity events. In addition,
the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information could expose the Company
or other third parties to regulatory fines or penalties, litigation, and potential liability, or otherwise harm its business. 

29 

We
may grow through mergers or acquisitions, which strategy may not be successful or, if successful, may produce risks in successfully integrating
and managing the merged companies or acquisition and may dilute our stockholders. 

As
part of our growth strategy, we may pursue mergers and acquisitions of entities and/or assets that we believe will have synergistic and/or
other value to us. We currently have no agreements or understandings to merge with or acquire any entity and/or assets, and may not find
suitable merger or acquisition opportunities. Mergers and acquisitions involve numerous risks, any of which could harm our business,
including, without limitation: 

difficulties in integrating the operations, technologies, existing contracts, accounting processes and personnel of the target and realizing
the anticipated synergies of the combined businesses; 

difficulties in supporting and transitioning customers of the target company; 

diversion of financial and management resources from existing operations; 

the price we pay or other resources that we devote may exceed the value we realize, or the value we could have realized if we had allocated
the purchase price or other resources to another opportunity; 

entering new markets or areas in which we have limited or no experience; 

potential loss of key associates and customers from either our business or the target s business; 

assumption of unanticipated problems or latent liabilities of the target; and 

the inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset acquisition costs. 

Mergers
and acquisitions also frequently result in the recording of goodwill and other intangible assets, which are subject to potential impairments
in the future and that could harm our financial results. In addition, if we finance acquisitions by issuing convertible debt or equity
securities, our existing stockholders may be diluted, which could affect the market price of our common shares. As a result, if we fail
to properly evaluate mergers, acquisitions or investments, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of any such merger or acquisition,
and we may incur costs in excess of what we anticipate. The failure to successfully evaluate and execute mergers, acquisitions or investments
or otherwise adequately address these risks could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may be subject to product liability claims which may have a material adverse effect on our business 

Through
our subsidiary Cannovation Center Israel, we developed the Green Side by Side product line containing natural and herbal
formulas based on researched and science-based plants, herbal extracts, mushrooms and other natural ingredients. The Green Side By side
product lines are manufactured in Israel in iBOT Israel Botanicals Ltd, iBOT being a related party with which we have manufacturing and
strategic cooperation agreements, under a GMP-certified manufacturing facility approved by the Israeli Ministry of Health. In the future
we plan to develop additional products which may be subject to different regulations for manufacturing, depending on country and product.
As these products are designed to be ingested by humans, we face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims, regulatory
action and litigation if our products are alleged to have caused significant loss or injury. In addition, the manufacture and sale of
cannabis products involve the risk of injury to consumers due to tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination. Previously
unknown adverse reactions resulting from human consumption of cannabis products alone or in combination with other medications or substances
could occur. We may be subject to various product liability claims, including, among others, that the products produced by us caused
injury or illness, include inadequate instructions for use or include inadequate warnings concerning possible side effects or interactions
with other substances. A product liability claim or regulatory action against us could result in increased costs, could adversely affect
our reputation with our clients and consumers generally, and could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition
and operating results of the Company. There can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain or maintain product liability insurance
on acceptable terms or with adequate coverage against potential liabilities. The inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage on
reasonable terms or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of
products. 

30 

Product
recalls may harm our reputation. 

Manufacturers
and distributors of products are sometimes subject to the recall or return of their products for a variety of reasons, including product
defects, such as contamination, unintended harmful side effects or interactions with other substances, packaging safety and inadequate
or inaccurate labeling disclosure. If any of our products are recalled due to an alleged product defect or for any other reason, we could
be required to incur the unexpected expense of the recall and any legal proceedings that might arise in connection with the recall. We
may lose a significant amount of sales and may not be able to replace those sales at an acceptable margin or at all. In addition, a product
recall may require significant management attention. Although we have detailed procedures in place for testing finished products, there
can be no assurance that any quality, potency or contamination problems will be detected in time to avoid unforeseen product recalls,
regulatory action or lawsuits. Additionally, if one of the products produced by the Company were subject to recall, the image of that
product and the Company could be harmed. A recall for any of the foregoing reasons could lead to decreased demand for products produced
by the Company and could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. Additionally,
product recalls may lead to increased scrutiny of the operations of the Company by any applicable regulatory agencies, requiring further
management attention and potential legal fees and other expenses. 

Our
officers and directors may be subject to conflict of interest. 

The
Company may be subject to various potential conflicts of interest because of the fact that some of its officers and directors may be
engaged in a range of business activities. In addition, the Company s executive officers and directors may devote time to their
outside business interests, so long as such activities do not materially or adversely interfere with their duties to the Company. In
some cases, the Company s executive officers and directors may have fiduciary obligations associated with these business interests
that interfere with their ability to devote time to the Company s business and affairs and that could adversely affect the Company s
operations. These business interests could require significant time and attention of the Company s executive officers and directors. 

In
addition, the Company may also become involved in other transactions which conflict with the interests of certain directors and the officers
who may from time-to-time deal with persons, firms, institutions or companies with which the Company may be dealing, or which may be
seeking investments similar to those desired by it. The interests of these persons could conflict with those of the Company. In addition,
from time to time, these persons may be competing with the Company for available investment opportunities. Conflicts of interest, if
any, will be subject to the procedures and remedies provided under applicable laws. In particular, in the event that such a conflict
of interest arises at a meeting of the Company s directors, a director who has such a conflict will abstain from voting for or
against the approval of such participation or such terms. In accordance with applicable laws, the directors of the Company are required
to act honestly, in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. 

We
face significant competition in the market. 

We
face intense competition from other companies, some of which can be expected to have more financial resources and manufacturing and marketing
experience than the Company. Increased competition by larger and better financed competitors could materially and adversely affect the
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company 

We
may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage and in the case of liability the lack of adequate insurance may have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

We
have insurance to protect our assets, operations and employees. While we believe our insurance coverage addresses all material risks
to which may be exposed and is adequate and customary in our current state of operations, such insurance is subject to coverage limits
and exclusions and may not be available for the risks and hazards to which the Company is exposed. In addition, no assurance can be given
that such insurance will be adequate to cover the Company s liabilities or will be generally available in the future or, if available,
that premiums will be commercially justifiable. If the Company were to incur substantial liability and such damages were not covered
by insurance or were in excess of policy limits, or if the Company were to incur such liability at a time when it is not able to obtain
liability insurance, its business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

31 

Research
and development and product obsolescence may impair our ability to compete in our target market. 

Rapidly
changing markets, technology, emerging industry standards and frequent introduction of new products characterize our business. The introduction
of new products embodying new technologies, including new manufacturing processes, and the emergence of new industry standards may render
our planned product offerings obsolete, less competitive or less marketable. The process of developing our planned products is complex
and requires significant continuing costs, development efforts and third-party commitments The Company s failure to develop new
technologies and products and the obsolescence of existing technologies could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
operating results. The Company s success will depend, in part, on its ability to continue to enhance its existing technologies,
develop new technology that addresses the increasing sophistication and varied needs of the market, and respond to technological advances
and emerging industry standards and practices on a timely and cost-effective basis. The development of the Company s proprietary
technology entails significant technical and business risks. The Company may not be successful in using its new technologies or exploiting
its niche markets effectively or adapting its businesses to evolving customer or medical requirements or preferences or emerging industry
standards. 

It
may be difficult to enforce a judgment of a U.S. court against us and our executive officers and directors in Israel or the United
States, to assert U.S. securities laws claims in Israel or to serve process on our executive officers and directors. 

While
we were incorporated in Delaware, all of our executive officers and directors reside outside of the United States, and
all of our assets and most of the assets of these persons are located outside of the United States. Therefore, a judgment obtained against
us, or any of these persons, including a judgment based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws, may not
be collectible in the United States and may not be enforced by an Israeli court. It also may be difficult for you to effect service of
process on these persons in the United States or to assert U.S. securities law claims in original actions instituted in Israel. Additionally,
it may be difficult for an investor, or any other person or entity, to initiate an action with respect to U.S. securities laws in Israel.
Israeli courts may refuse to hear a claim based on an alleged violation of U.S. securities laws reasoning that Israel is not the most
appropriate forum in which to bring such a claim. In addition, even if an Israeli court agrees to hear a claim, it may determine that
Israeli law and not U.S. law is applicable to the claim. If U.S. law is found to be applicable, the content of applicable U.S. law must
be proven as a fact by expert witnesses, which can be a time consuming and costly process. Certain matters of procedure will also be
governed by Israeli law. There is little binding case law in Israel that addresses the matters described above. As a result of the difficulty
associated with enforcing a judgment against us in Israel, you may not be able to collect any damages awarded by either a U.S. or foreign
court. 

The
continuing prevalence of the COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect our operations and our capital raising efforts. 

In
late 2019, a novel strain of Corona virus, also known as COVID-19, was reported in Wuhan, China. While initially the outbreak was
largely concentrated in China, it has now spread globally. Many countries around the world, have significant governmental measures
implemented to control the spread of the virus, including temporary closure of businesses, severe restrictions on travel and the
movement of people, limited access to nursey homes, hospitals and other medical institutes and other material limitations on the
conduct of business. These measures have resulted in work stoppages and other disruptions. Our research and development activities,
sales and marketing efforts, as well as our ability to perform clinical trials (if needed) depend, in part, on attendance at
in-person meetings, industry conferences and other events, facility visiting, and as a result some of our sales and marketing
activities have been halted. 

The
extent to which the coronavirus impacts our operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted
with confidence, including the duration and severity of the outbreak, and the actions that may be required to contain the coronavirus
or treat its impact. In particular, the continued spread of the coronavirus globally, could have a material adverse impact on our operations
and workforce, including our marketing and sales activities and ability to raise additional capital, and our ability to perform clinical
trials, which in turn could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

32 

We
intend to rely on third parties to conduct clinical trials (if needed). If these third parties do not meet our deadlines or otherwise
conduct the trials as required, our clinical trials programs could be delayed or unsuccessful and we may not be able to obtain regulatory
approval for or commercialize our product candidates when expected or at all. 

We
may conduct clinical trials on our products. We do not have the ability to conduct all aspects of our clinical trials ourselves. We may
rely upon medical institutions, clinical investigators and contract research organizations, or CROs, and consultants to conduct these
trials in accordance with our clinical protocols. Our future CROs, investigators and other third parties play a significant role in the
conduct of these trials and the subsequent collection and analysis of data from the clinical trials. 

There
is no guarantee that any CROs, investigators and other third parties upon which we rely for administration and conduct of clinical trials
will devote adequate time and resources to such trials or perform as contractually required. If any of these third parties fail to meet
expected deadlines, fail to adhere to our clinical protocols or otherwise perform in a substandard manner, our clinical trials may be
extended, delayed or terminated. If any of these clinical trial sites terminate for any reason, we may experience the loss of follow-up
information on patients enrolled in our ongoing clinical trials unless we are able to transfer the care of those patients to another
qualified clinical trial site. In addition, principal investigators for any clinical trials we conduct may serve as scientific advisors
or consultants to us from time to time and receive cash or equity compensation in connection with such services. If these relationships
and any related compensation result in perceived or actual conflicts of interest, the integrity of the data generated at the applicable
clinical trial site may be jeopardized. 

We
will be subject to regulation of plant-based nutritional supplements, botanicals, cannabis, cosmetics and pharmaceuticals. 

Our
products, solutions and Green Vision Center activities are subject to rules and regulations pertaining to plant-based nutritional supplements,
botanicals, cannabis, cosmetics, and pharmaceuticals, as applicable. The company cannot predict the time required to secure all appropriate
regulatory approvals or the extent of testing and documentation that may be required by governmental authorities. Any delays in obtaining,
or failure to obtain, regulatory approvals would significantly delay the development of markets and products and could have a material
adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Company. 

Cannabis
remains illegal under U.S. federal law. 

As
of January 2023, cannabis is legal for recreational use in 18 states and legal for medical use in 37 states. On a federal level, all
cannabis remains illegal. The federal government classifies cannabis, along with heroin and cocaine, as a Schedule I drug with a high
potential for abuse and little to no medical benefit. Despite the development of a regulated cannabis industry under the laws of certain
states, these state laws regulating medical and adult cannabis use are in conflict with the Federal Controlled Substances Act, which
classifies cannabis as a Schedule I controlled substance and makes cannabis use and possession illegal on a national level. The United
States Supreme Court has ruled that the Federal government has the right to regulate and criminalize cannabis, even for medical purposes,
and thus Federal law criminalizing the use of cannabis preempts state laws that regulate its use. During President Biden s first
year in office, Attorney General Merrick Garland rescinded two key memos that were part of the Trump Administration s stated regulatory
reform agenda: the Sessions Memo, which prohibited Department of Justice (DOJ) components from issuing guidance documents 
that effectively bound the public without undergoing notice-and-comment rulemaking, and the Brand Memo, which prohibited the DOJ from
using noncompliance with DOJ s or other agencies nonbinding guidance documents as a basis for affirmative civil enforcement
actions. Calling the procedures laid out in the Sessions and Brand memos overly restrictive, Attorney General Garland replaced
these memos with the Garland memo, which largely makes it easier for the DOJ to issue guidance and to rely on its own or other agencies 
guidance documents in enforcement actions. The Sessions Memo rescinded the Cole Memo which was adopted by the Obama administration as
a policy of noninterference with cannabis-friendly state laws. The Sessions Memo shifted federal policy from a hands-off approach adopted
by the Obama administration to permitting federal prosecutors across the country to decide how to prioritize resources to regulate cannabis
possession, distribution and cultivation in states where cannabis use is regulated. With these changes in policy with every administration,
there can be no assurance that federal prosecutors will not prosecute and dedicate resources to regulate cannabis possession, distribution
and cultivation in states where cannabis use is regulated which may cause states to reconsider their regulation of cannabis which would
have a detrimental effect on the cannabis industry. 

33 

Risks
Related to our Intellectual Property 

If
we are unable to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product offerings, or if the scope of the intellectual
property protection we obtain is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical
to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our products may be impaired. 

Our
ability to compete successfully will depend in part on our ability to obtain and enforce patent protection for our products, preserve
our trade secrets and operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. Filing, prosecuting, and defending patents
on our products and other technologies in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive and time-consuming, and
the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. We may not be able
to file, prosecute, maintain, enforce, or license all necessary or desirable patents or patent applications at a reasonable cost or in
a timely manner, or in all jurisdictions, or at all, or may choose not to do any of the foregoing. 

Moreover,
while we have applied for a patent that protect aspects of our products in the United States but our products are not covered by any
patent protection, and we cannot assure you that our intellectual property position, will not be challenged or that all patents for which
we have applied will be issued on a timely basis or at all, or that such patents will protect our technology, in whole or in part, or
be issued in a form that will provide us with meaningful protection, prevent competitors from competing with us, or otherwise provide
us with any competitive advantage. Although patents are presumed valid and enforceable upon issuance, a patent may be challenged as to
its inventorship, scope, validity, or enforceability. 

Patent
applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases
not at all. Therefore, we cannot know with certainty whether we were the first to make the invention claimed in our pending patent application,
or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability,
and commercial value of our patent rights are uncertain. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing, and regulatory
review of new products, patents protecting such products might expire before or shortly after such products are commercialized. As a
result, any patent portfolio we develop may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar
or identical to ours. 

We
may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights, which could adversely affect our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

There
is often litigation between competing companies relying on their respective technologies based on allegations of infringement or other
violations of intellectual property rights. Our future success depends, in part, on not infringing the intellectual property rights of
others. We may be unaware of the intellectual property rights of others that may cover some or all of our technology. Any such claims
or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial
damages or ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering some portion of our products, or require that we comply with other unfavorable
terms. We may also be obligated to indemnify our customers or channel partners in connection with any such litigation and to obtain licenses
or modify our products, which could further exhaust our resources. Patent infringement, trademark infringement, trade secret misappropriation
and other intellectual property claims and proceedings brought against us, whether successful or not, could harm our brand, business,
results of operations and financial condition. Litigation is inherently uncertain, and any judgment or injunctive relief entered against
us or any adverse settlement could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, litigation
can involve significant management time and attention and be expensive, regardless of the outcome. During the course of litigation, there
may be announcements of the results of hearings and motions and other interim developments related to the litigation. If securities analysts
or investors regard these announcements as negative, the trading price of our common stock may decline. 

34 

We
may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. 

If
we attempt enforcement of our patents or other intellectual property rights, we may be subject or party to claims, negotiations or complex,
protracted litigation. These claims and any resulting lawsuits, if resolved adversely to us, could subject us to significant liability
for damages, impose temporary or permanent injunctions against our solutions or business operations, or invalidate or render unenforceable
our intellectual property 

Intellectual
property disputes and litigation, regardless of merit, can be costly and disruptive to our business operations by diverting attention
and energies of management and key technical personnel, and by increasing our costs of doing business. Such litigation, regardless of
its success, could seriously harm our reputation with our channel partners, business partners and patients and in the industry at large.
Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent or intellectual property litigation more effectively than
we can because they have substantially greater resources. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our operating results. 

Risks
Relating to Our Israel Operations 

Our
development efforts are headquartered in Israel and, therefore, our results may be adversely affected by economic restrictions imposed
on, and political and military instability in, Israel. 

Our
development headquarters, which houses substantially all of our research and development team, including engineers, machinists, researchers,
and clinical and regulatory personnel as well as the facility of our contract manufacturer and final assembly are located in Israel.
Our employees, service providers, directors and officers are residents of Israel. Accordingly, political, economic and military conditions
in Israel and the surrounding region may directly affect our business. Any hostilities involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment
of trade within Israel or between Israel and its trading partners could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and could make it more difficult for us to raise capital. Although we plan to maintain inventory in the United
States and Germany, an extended interruption could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Recent
political uprisings, social unrest and violence in various countries in the Middle East and North Africa, including Israel s neighbors
Egypt and Syria, are affecting the political stability of those countries. This instability may lead to deterioration of the political
relationships that exist between Israel and these countries and has raised concerns regarding security in the region and the potential
for armed conflict. Our commercial insurance does not cover losses that may occur as a result of an event associated with the security
situation in the Middle East. Any losses or damages incurred by us could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition,
Iran has threatened to attack Israel and is widely believed to be developing nuclear weapons. Iran is also believed to have a strong
influence among parties hostile to Israel in areas that neighbor Israel, such as the Syrian government, Hamas in Gaza and Hezbollah in
Lebanon. Any armed conflicts, terrorist activities or political instability in the region could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

35 

Our
operations and the operations of our contract manufacturer may be disrupted as a result of the obligation of Israeli citizens to perform
military service. 

Many
Israeli citizens are obligated to perform one month, and in some cases more, of annual military reserve duty until they reach the age
of 45 (or older, for reservists with certain occupations) and, in the event of a military conflict, may be called to active duty. In
response to terrorist activity, there have been periods of significant call-ups of military reservists. It is possible that there will
be additional military reserve duty call-ups in the future. Some of our employees, consultants and employees of the manufacturer of our
products, are required to perform annual military reserve duty in Israel and may be called to active duty at any time under emergency
circumstances. Our operations and the operations of our manufacturer could be disrupted by such call-ups. 

Our
sales may be adversely affected by boycotts of Israel. 

Several
countries, principally in the Middle East, restrict doing business with Israel and Israeli companies, and additional countries may impose
restrictions on doing business with Israel and Israeli companies whether as a result of hostilities in the region or otherwise. In addition,
there have been increased efforts by activists to cause companies and consumers to boycott Israeli goods based on Israeli government
policies. Such actions, particularly if they become more widespread, may adversely impact our ability to sell our products. 

Risks
Related Ownership of Our Securities 

A
certain group of the Company s stockholders may exert significant influence over its affairs, including the outcome of matters
requiring stockholder approval. 

Currently,
a certain group of stockholders, including our Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer, Ora Elharar Soffer (directly and through Beezz
Home Technologies Ltd and Citrine S A L Investment Holdings Ltd) and others, collectively own a majority of the issued and outstanding
shares of the Company. As a result, such individuals will have the ability, acting together, to control the election of the Company s
directors and the outcome of corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, such as: (i) a merger or a sale of the Company, (ii) a
sale of all or substantially all of its assets, and (iii) amendments to its certificate of incorporation. This concentration of voting
power and control could have a significant effect in delaying, deferring or preventing an action that might otherwise be beneficial to
the Company s other stockholders and be disadvantageous to the Company s stockholders with interests different from those
individuals. Certain of these individuals also have significant control over the Company s business, policies and affairs as officers
or directors of the Company. Therefore, you should not invest in reliance on your ability to have any control over the Company. 

As of the date of this report, our executive officers and directors own,
in the aggregate, beneficially own approximately 45.43 of our outstanding common stock as of the date of this filing. As a result, these
persons, acting together, would be able to significantly influence all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election
and removal of directors, any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other significant corporate transactions. 

You
may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings. 

Our
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of a maximum 1,500,000 shares of common stock. Any additional financings
effected by us may result in the issuance of additional securities without stockholder approval and the substantial dilution in the percentage
of common stock held by our then existing stockholders. In addition, we have reserved 180,000,000 shares of common stock for issuance under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. The issuance of such additional shares of common stock, or securities
convertible or exchangeable into common stock, may cause the price of our common stock to decline. Additionally, if all or a substantial
portion of these shares are resold into the public markets then the trading price of our common stock may decline. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price
and trading volume could decline. 

We
currently do not have and may never obtain research coverage by securities analysts. If no securities analysts commence coverage of our
company, or if industry analysts cease coverage of our company, the trading price for our stock could be materially and adversely impacted.
In the event we obtain securities analyst coverage, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate
or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price may be materially and adversely impacted. If one or more of these analysts
cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our
stock price and trading volume to decline. 

36 

If
the price of our common stock fluctuates significantly, your investment could lose value. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB, under the symbol CTGL, and, to date, has traded on a limited basis. We have applied
to list our common stock on Nasdaq under the symbol CTGL. We cannot assure you that an active public market will continue
for our common stock. If an active public market for our common stock does not continue, the trading price and liquidity of our common
stock will be materially and adversely affected. If there is a thin trading market or float for our stock, the market price
for our common stock may fluctuate significantly more than the stock market as a whole. Without a large float, our common stock would
be less liquid than the stock of companies with broader public ownership and, as a result, the trading prices of our common stock may
be more volatile. In addition, in the absence of an active public trading market, investors may be unable to liquidate their investment
in us. Furthermore, the stock market is subject to significant price and volume fluctuations, and the price of our common stock could
fluctuate widely in response to several factors, including, but not limited to: 

our
 quarterly or annual operating results; 

changes
 in our earnings estimates or the failure to accurately forecast and appropriately plan our expenses; 

failure
 to achieve our growth expectations; 

failure
 to attract new customers or retain existing customers; 

the
 effect of increased or variable competition on our business; 

additions
 or departures of key or qualified personnel; 

failure
 to adequately protect our intellectual property; 

costs
 associated with defending claims, including intellectual property infringement claims and related judgments or settlements; 

changes
 in governmental or other regulations affecting our business; 

our
 compliance with governmental or other regulations affecting our business; and 

changes
 in global or regional industry, general market, or economic conditions. 

The
stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations in recent years that have significantly affected the quoted prices
of the securities of many companies, including companies in our industry. The changes may not be possible to predict and often appear
to occur without regard to specific operating performance. The price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have
little or nothing to do with our company and these fluctuations could materially reduce our stock price. 

Delaware
law contains provisions that could discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control of the Company, prevent attempts to replace or remove
current management and reduce the market price of its common stock . 

Provisions
in the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition involving the
Company that its stockholders may consider favorable. For example, the Company is subject to the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware
General Corporation Law DGCL ). Under these provisions, if anyone becomes an interested stockholder, the
Company may not enter into a business combination with that person for three years without special approval, which could
discourage a third party from making a takeover offer and could delay or prevent a change in control of the Company. An interested
stockholder is, generally, a stockholder who owns 15 or more of the Company s outstanding voting stock or an affiliate
of the Company who has owned 15 or more of the Company s outstanding voting stock during the past three years, subject to certain
exceptions as described in the DGCL. 

37 

We
do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock nor are we under any obligation to declare or pay such cash dividends.
We currently intend to retain any future earnings to fund our operations and the development and growth of our business, and we do not
expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Our future ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock may be
limited by any future debt instruments or preferred securities. As a result, investors may only receive a return on their investment
in our common stock if the market price of our common stock increases to a price above the price paid for them and then sell such shares. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

A description of the premises we utilize in several of our facilities is as follows: 

Entity 
 
 Property
 Description 

Citrine Global, Corp 
 
 Our principal office consists
 of leased premises and is located at 5 Golden
 Beach, Caesarea 3088900, Israel 

Cannovation Center Israel Ltd. 
 
 125,000 square feet (approximately 11,687 square meters)
 or approximately three acres of industrial land in Yerucham, a city in southern Israel, where we intend to build Green Vision Center
 Israel 

We
believe that our facilities are generally in good condition and suitable to carry on our business. We also believe that, if required,
suitable alternative or additional space will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There
are no active or pending material legal proceedings against the Company, nor of any proceedings that a governmental authority is contemplating
against the Company. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

The
Company s common stock is quoted in the United States on the OTCQB market under the ticker symbol CTGL. 

We
have applied to list our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. No assurance can be given that our application will be approved or
that a trading market will develop. 

Holders
of our Common Stock 

As
of March 20, 2023, the Company had 120 registered stockholders holding 956,479,039 shares of common stock. 

Dividends 

Since
the Company s inception, it has not declared nor paid any cash dividends on its capital stock and the Company does not anticipate
paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Its current policy is to retain any earnings in order to finance its operations.
Its Board of directors will determine future declarations and payments dividends, if any, in light of the then-current conditions it
deems relevant and in accordance with applicable corporate law. 

38 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table provides certain aggregate information with respect to the Company s shares of common stock that as of December
31, 2022 were issuable under its equity compensation plans in effect as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (2) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in first column) (3) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 122,529,342 
 0.043 
 57,470,658 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 122,529,342 
 0.043 
 57,470,658 

(1) 
 Represents
 shares of common stock issuable under our 2017 and 2018 Employee Incentive Plan and upon exercise of outstanding options to purchase
 122,529,342 shares of common stock. 

(2) 
 The
 weighted average remaining term for the expiration of remaining stock options is 2.53 years. 

(3) 
 Represents
 shares of common stock available for future issuance under equity compensation plans. Equity Compensation Plan under
 Item 11 hereof contains a description of the material features of the 2017 Employee Incentive Plan and the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide information
necessary to understand our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021
and highlight certain other information which, in the opinion of management, will enhance a reader s understanding of our financial
condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. In particular, the discussion is intended to provide an analysis
of significant trends and material changes in our financial position and the operating results of our business during the year ended
December 31, 2022, as compared to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and related notes included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. These historical financial statements may not be indicative of our future performance. This Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains numerous forward-looking statements, all of which are
based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risks described throughout this filing, particularly
in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

39 

The
full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may directly or indirectly impact our business, results of operations and financial condition,
will depend on future developments that are uncertain, including as a result of new information that may emerge concerning COVID-19 and
the actions taken to contain it or treat COVID-19, as well as the economic impact on local, regional, national and international customers
and markets. We have made estimates of the impact of COVID-19 within our financial statements, and although there is currently no major
impact, there may be changes to those estimates in future periods. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Significant
Recent Events 

(i)
On January 30, 2023 the Company and each of Citrine High Tech 7 LP LP 7 ), Citrine 8 LP LP 8 and Citrine
9 LP LP 9 together with LP 7 and LP 8, the Lending LP ), the lending entities under and parties to
the Convertible Note Purchase Agreement entered into by the Company and several related parties in April 2020, as subsequently amended
(the CL Agreement ), have entered into an agreement (the Agreement pursuant to which they have agreed to
extend the maturity date on all outstanding convertible loans in the principal amount of 1,800,000 under the CL Agreement to
May 31, 2024. LP 7 also agreed to extend to May 31, 2024 the note in the principal amount of 80,000 

In addition, under the Agreement the Company and the Lending LPs have also
agreed that if the Company s common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market, then the Company, in its sole discretion, shall
determine to convert, in whole or in part, the outstanding amount of the above mentioned notes to shares of the Company s common
stock at a conversion price equal to the price paid by the public investors for the common stock in such offering. 

(ii)
On January 17, 2023, the Board of Citrine Global, Corp., a Delaware corporation the Company ),
appointed Ms. Ora Elharar Soffer to serve as president of the Company. Ms. Elharar Soffer has been continuously serving as the Company s
Chief Executive Officer since May 7, 2020 and as a Company director since February 21, 2020 and as Chairperson of the Board since March
3, 2020. 

(iii)
 On March 5, 2023, the Board of the Company provided
that in the event that the Company s stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange, then one half of the awarded and unvested option
grants made in each of August 2021 and in August 2022 to our current officers, directors and specific service providers, will immediately
vest at such time. In addition, the Board also determined to provide that following the termination of services by our current officers,
directors and specific service providers, for any reason other than cause, they shall have a one year period from the date of termination
to exercise any option that was vested at the time of the termination of services. Previously, on November 13, 2022, the board of directors
ratified the Stock Option Agreements for the previously disclosed stock options grants that were awarded in each of August 2021 and in
August 2022 to our current officers and directors and specific service providers, to provide that the exercise price of the options that
were awarded to date, shall remain unaffected by the implementation of a reverse stock split that the Company may implement; to avoid
any doubt, such reverse stock split shall apply to the number of options shares issuable under such options and all other relevant terms
of such options (other than the exercise price) shall continue in full force and effect following the implementation of such reverse
stock split. Any and all tax implication of this decision shall rest solely with the optionee. 

(iv)
On March 6, 2023 Cannovation, the Company s majority owned subsidiary and S.R. Accord Ltd., an Israeli public company Lender ),
entered into an 18-month credit facility agreement (the Credit Facility pursuant to which Lender has committed to fund
Cannovation in an aggregate amount of 3,000,000 NIS (approximately 857,000) as needed. At the time of each draw down, Cannovation and
Lender will determine the repayment of the loan. All amounts drawn under the Credit Facility will bear interest at a monthly rate of
1.7 and. Cannovation has the right to pre-pay the entire amount outstanding under the Credit Facility at any time. As security for any
loans under the Credit Facility, Cannovation granted Lender a first priority lien on its rights to the 125,000 sq ft (11,687 sqm) of
industrial land in Yerucham, a city in southern Israel which Cannovation acquired in February of 2022(the Premises to
build the Green Vision Center Israel with the support of the government of Israel. The lien will become effective only if Cannovation
utilizes the Credit Facility. If the market value of the Premises is less than the amount outstanding under the Credit Facility, then
Lender will be entitled to additional security including additional shares of Citrine Global common stock, on such terms and conditions
as the parties may agree. As additional security for any payments due to Lender, CTGL Citrine Global Israel Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary
of Citrine Global, (ii) Beezzhome Technologies Ltd. an entity wholly owned by Ora Elharar Soffer, the Chief Executive Officer of Citrine
Global and (iii) Netto Holdings, an unaffiliated entity under the partial control of Ilan Ben Ishay, a director on the board of Cannovation,
as well as each of Ms. Elharar Soffer and Mr. Ben Ishay in their personal capacities, are providing guarantees for the repayment of any
amounts that may be owing to Lender under the Credit Facility. Cannovation and the Company has agreed to indemnify Ms. Elharar Soffer
and Mr. Ben Ishay for any losses they incur as a result of the guarantee. 

On
March 7, 2023, the Company issued to the Lender 2,154,677 shares of the Company s common stock a commitment fee in respect of the
provision of the Credit Facility. As of the date of this report, Cannovation utilized 50,000 out of the credit line. Ilan Ben Ishay
and Ms. Elharar Soffer and Mr. Ben Ishay in their personal capacities in are provided guarantees to Lender for the repayment this amounts. 

40 

(v)
On March 16, 2023, the consulting agreement originally entered into as of July 2020 with Ms. Ora Elharar Soffer, the Company s
Chairperson, CEO and President, was amended. The amendment provides for the following: (i) the monthly consulting to which Ms. Elharar
Soffer is entitled will increase from 20,000 to 25,000 (in invoice plus VAT if applicable) upon a listing of the Company s stock
on the Nasdaq Stock Market, retroactive to January 1, 2023, (ii) the terms contained in her original agreement and all other terms and
awards previously approved by the Company s board relating to her, including payment of her monthly fee and reimbursement of social
benefits payments made by Mr Elharar Soffer, shall continue in full force and effect so long as Ms. Elharar Soffer serves as either
 director and /or executive officer (iii) all previous awards and bonuses previously made to her were affirmed and (iv) Ms. Elharar
Soffer has agreed to defer compensation due to her until such time as the Company shall have consummated an investment of at least 1.8
million in the Company s securities, at which time all of the outstanding consulting fees from March 2020 and all reimbursement
for related social benefits would be paid to her. In addition, The amendment also provides that the committee of the Board that will
be responsible for setting the compensation terms of senior management shall prepare and present for approval a compensation program
for the Consultant that takes into consideration Ms. Elharar Soffer s role in founding and leading the Company and that such compensation
package shall be competitive with compensation programs for top senior executives/founders generally available in the market and which
will include, among other things, appropriate bonuses, severance payments and other amenities generally made available in the market
to senior executive and that Ms. Elharar Soffer shall receive the most extensive of such compensation terms amongst senior management. 

(vii)
On March 16, 2023, the consulting agreement originally entered into as of July 2020 with Ms Ilanit Halperin, the Company s
director and CFO, was amended. The amendment provides for the following: (i) the monthly consulting to which Ms. Elharar Soffer is entitled
will increase from 7,500 to 10,000 in invoice plus VAT if applicable) upon a listing of the Company s stock on the Nasdaq Stock
Market, retroactive to January 1, 2023, (ii) the terms contained in her original agreement and all other terms and awards previously
approved by the Company s board relating to her, including payment of her monthly fee and reimbursement of social benefits payments
made by Mr Elharar Soffer ,shall continue in full force and effect so long as Ms. Halperin serves as either director and /or executive
officer, (iii) all previous awards and bonuses previously made to her were affirmed and (iv) s. has agreed o defer compensation due to
her until such time as the Company shall have consummated an investment of at least 1.8 million in the Company s securities, at
which time all of the outstanding consulting fees from March 2020 and all reimbursement for related social benefits would be paid to
her. In addition, The Company undertakes that the committee of the Board that will be responsible for setting the compensation terms
of senior management shall prepare and present for approval a compensation program for Ms. Halperin that shall be competitive with compensation
programs for senior executives generally available in the market and which will include, among other things, appropriate bonuses, severance
payments and other amenities generally made available in the market to senior executives. 

Components
of Operating Results 

The
following discussion summarizes the key factors our management believes are necessary for an understanding of our consolidated financial
statements. 

Revenues 

We
have not generated any revenues from product sales as of December 31, 2022. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

The
process of researching and developing our products is lengthy, unpredictable, and subject to many risks. We expect to continue incurring
expenses for the next several years for research and development as we continue to develop products and innovative solutions. We are
unable, with any certainty, to estimate either the costs or the timelines in which those expenses will be incurred. Our current development
plans focus on the development of plant-based solutions including GreenFeels and Green Side by Side Products lines. 

Our
research and development costs include costs are composed of: 

internal recurring costs, such as personnel-related and consultants costs (salaries, employee benefits, equity compensation and other
costs), materials and supplies, facilities and maintenance costs attributable to research and development functions; and 

fees paid to external parties who provide us with contract services, such as preclinical testing, manufacturing and related testing and
activities. 

41 

Marketing 

Marketing
expenses consist primarily of salaries, employee benefits, equity compensation, and other personnel-related costs associated with executive
and other support staff. Other significant marketing expenses include the costs associated with professional fees to develop our marketing
strategy. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, employee benefits, equity compensation, and other personnel-related costs
associated with executive, administrative and other support staff. Other significant general and administrative expenses include the
costs associated with professional fees for accounting, auditing, insurance costs, consulting and legal services, along with facility
and maintenance costs attributable to general and administrative functions. 

Financial
Expenses 

Financial
expenses consist primarily impact of exchange rate derived from re-measurement of monetary balance sheet items denominated in non-dollar
currencies. Other financial expenses include bank s fees and interest on long term loans . 

Results
of Operations 

Year
ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 

The
following table presents our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

U.S. Dollars in thousands 
 
 Revenues 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cost of sales 
 - 
 - 
 
 Gross loss 
 
 - 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 (120 
 (96 
 
 Marketing, general and administrative expenses 
 (1,866 
 (3,239 
 
 Operating loss 
 (1,986 
 (3,335 
 
 Expenses related to convertible loan terms 
 (635 
 (1,129 
 
 Other financing expenses, net 
 (24 
 (52 

(659 
 (1,181 
 
 Net loss 
 (2,645 
 (4,516 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not record any revenue. 

The
Company s research and development expenses increased to 120,000 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to approximately
 96,000 during the prior year. The increase is mainly attributable to professional expenses related to the development of our Green Botanical
product line. 

The
Company s marketing, general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022, were 1,866,000 compared to 3,239,000
during the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in our marketing, general and administrative expenses is mainly attributable to
the decrease in our non-cash share-based compensation expenses. 

42 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred financial expenses, net of 659,000, as compared to financial expenses of
 1,181,000 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The reason for the decrease in financial expense is attributable to changes in
terms of our convertible loans. 

As
a result of the above, the Company incurred a net loss of approximately 2,636,000 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as
compared to a net loss of approximately 4,516,000 in 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

At
December 31, 2022, we had current assets of 185,000 compared to total current assets of 349,000 as of December 31, 2021. At December
31, 2022, we had current liabilities of 1,805,000 as compared to 1,064,000 as of December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, we had total
liabilities of 3,780,000 as compared to 2,495,000 as of December 31, 2021. The increase is mainly attributed to the increase in the
balance of accrued expenses and the balance of convertible component in convertible notes. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had a cash balance of 77,000 compared to the cash balance of 270,000 as of December 31, 2021. 

At
December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficiency of 1,620,000 as compared with a working capital deficiency of 715,000 at December
31, 2021. 

The
following table provides a summary of operating, investing, and financing cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively
(in thousands): 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (567,000 
 (582,000 
 
 Net cash provided by investment activities 
 11,000 
 286,000 
 
 Net cash provided by Financing Activities 
 360,000 
 350,000 

On
March 6, 2023 our majority owned subsidiary, Cannovation and S.R. Accord Ltd., an Israeli company Lender ), entered
into an 18-month credit facility agreement (the Credit Facility pursuant to which Lender has committed to fund
Cannovation in an aggregate amount of 3,000,000 NIS (approximately 857,000) as needed. At the time of each draw down, Cannovation
and Lender will determine the repayment of the loan. All amounts drawn under the Credit Facility will bear interest at a monthly
rate of 1.7 and will be due by no later than September 2024. Cannovation has the right to pre-pay the entire amount outstanding
under the Credit Facility at any time. As security for any loans under the Credit Facility, Cannovation granted Lender a first
priority lien on its rights to the 125,000 sq ft (11,687 sqm) of industrial land in Yerucham,
a city in southern Israel which Cannovation acquired in February of 2022 (the Premises to build the Green Vision
Center Israel with the support of the government of Israel. The lien will become effective only if Cannovation utilizes the Credit
Facility. If the market value of the Premises is less than the amount outstanding under the Credit Facility, then Lender will be
entitled to additional security on such terms and conditions as the parties may agree. 

On
July 15, 2022, Citrine 9 LP (hereinafter Citrine 9 ), one of the related entities who are the signatory lenders (hereinafter
the Buyers to the Convertible Note Purchase Agreement entered into by the Company and such Buyers in April 2020, as subsequently
amended (the CL Agreement agreed to honor a Draw Down Notice for, and has advanced to the Company, 100,000 on the same
terms and conditions as are specified in the CL Agreement. The annual interest on the loan continues to be nine percent (9 ). The principal
and interest payment on the Note shall be made in New Israeli Shekels (NIS) at the conversion rate which was in effect on the date on
which the loan was advanced. As provided for under the terms of the Convertible Note Agreement, Citrine 9 is entitled to 8,333,333 Series
A warrants and 8,333,333 Series B warrants for shares of common stock, where each of the series are exercisable beginning January 15,
2023 through October 31, 2025, in each case at an exercise price of 0.05 per share. On August 9, 2022, the Company s board of
directors agreed to extend the exercise period of the warrants through August 9, 2027. On January 26, 2023, the CL Agreement was further
amended to extend to May 31, 2024 the maturity date thereof. The amendment also provides that upon a public offering of securities that
the Company may effect in connection with a listing of the Company s stock on a U.S. National Securities Exchange, the note is
automatically convertible into the securities that are the subject matter such offering, in whole or in part, as the Citrine Global Board
may determine. 

43 

On
September 30, 2022, Citrine Global received a loan from Citrine Hi Tech 7 LP, an Israeli limited partnership and an affiliated entity
(the Lender ), in the principal amount of 80,000. The loans bears interest at 12 per annum and was scheduled to mature
on December 15, 2022. On January 29, 2023 the maturity date was extended to May 31, 2024. The holder also agreed that upon a public offering
of securities that the Company may effect in connection with a listing of the Company s stock on a U.S. National Securities Exchange,
the note is automatically convertible into the securities that are the subject matter such offering, in whole or in part, as the Citrine
Global Board may determine 

Based
on the Company s current cash balances and the access to the Credit Facility described above, the Company believes that it has
sufficient funds for its plans for the next twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. As the Company is embarking
on its activities as detailed herein, it is incurring losses. It cannot determine with reasonable certainty when and if it will have
sustainable profits. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Recently
issued accounting pronouncements 

Recently
issued accounting pronouncements are described in the notes to our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
which are included within Item 8 in this annual report. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
and which included within Item 8 in this annual report. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

44 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

45 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS
OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 IN
U.S. DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

REPORT
 OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (Firm Name: Somekh Chaikin / PCAOB ID No. / Location: Tel Aviv, Israel) 
 F-2 

CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operation and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8
 F-36 

F- 1 

Somekh
Chaikin 

 KPMG
Millennium Tower 

 17
Ha arba a Street, PO Box 609 

 Tel
Aviv 61006, Israel 

 +972
3 684 8000 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Citrine Global Corp 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Citrine Global Corp and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders deficit,
and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated
financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years
in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit
matters. 

/s/

Somekh
Chaikin 

 Member
Firm of KPMG International 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

March
22, 2023 

KPMG
Somekh Chaikin, an Israeli partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with
KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee 

F- 2 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (U.S.
dollars in thousands except share and per share data) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 A s s e t s 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 
 - 

Short-term loan to others (Note 8H) 
 - 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

T o t a l Current assets 

Non-current assets 

Investments valued under the measurement alternative (Note 3) 

Property and equipment, net (Note 4) 

Total non-current assets 

T o t a l assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

Current Liabilities 

Short term loan (Note 5I) 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation 

T o t a l current liabilities 

Non-current liability 

Convertible component in convertible notes (Note 5) 
 
 - 

Convertible notes (Note 5) 

T o t a l liabilities 

Stockholders Deficit (Note 6) 

Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Stock to be issued 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

T o t a l stockholders deficit 

T o t a l liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATION AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (U.S.
dollars in thousands except share and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

Years ended 

December 31 

2022 
 2021 

Research and development expenses 

Marketing, general and administrative expenses 

Operating loss 

Financing expenses, net: 

Expenses related to convertible loan terms 

Other financing expenses, net 

Financing expenses, net 

Net loss attributable to Common stockholders 

Loss per Common Stock (basic and diluted) 
 )
 (0.00 
 )
 (0.00 

Basic weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive loss attributable to foreign currency translation 
 
 - 
 
 Comprehensive loss 

) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 (U.S.
dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Stock 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 issued 
 deficit 
 Income 
 equity 

Common Stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Stock to be 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated other comprehensive 
 Total stockholders 
 equity 

Stock 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 issued 
 deficit 
 Income 
 (deficit) 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2020 

CHANGES DURING THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021: 

Issuance of shares 
 - 
 - 

Modification of warrants in connection with convertible loan restructuring (Note 5) 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Warrants issued in connection with convertible notes 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Classification of embedded conversion feature from liability to equity (Note 5) 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Commitment for issuance of fixed number of ordinary shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Share based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Beginning balance, value 

CHANGES DURING THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022: 

Issuance of shares 
 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock based compensation to service providers 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Share based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Warrants issued in connection with convertible notes 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Modification of warrants in connection with convertible loan restructuring 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Change in terms of convertible component in convertible notes 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Commitment for issuance of fixed number of ordinary shares (note 3b) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Other comprehensive income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Ending balance, Value 

) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (U.S.
dollars in thousands) 

2022 
 2021 

Year ended 

December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Finance expenses, net 

Financial expenses with respect to convertible notes and loans 

Interest and change in fair value of short-term loan measured at fair value 
 - 

Share-based compensation 

Change in fair value of marketable securities 
 - 

Fair value adjustment of liability in connection with stock exchange agreement 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid share based payment to a service provider 
 - 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Repayment (Grant) of short-term loan 

Proceeds from sale of trading securities 
 - 

Proceeds from repayments of short-term loan 
 - 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from short term loan 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of convertible note 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes and warrants 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT BEGINNING OF THE YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT END OF THE YEAR 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statement 

F- 6 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (U.S.
dollars in thousands) 

Year ended 

December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Non-cash transactions: 

Fair value of convertible component in convertible loan 
 
 - 
 
 Warrants issued in connection with convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Extinguishment of convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Investment in MyPlant
 for a fixed number of shares 
 
 - 
 
 Classification of embedded conversion feature from liability to equity 
 - 

Commitment for issuance of fixed number of ordinary shares 
 - 

F- 7 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of
Cannovation s shares, while each of Beezz Home Technologies Ltd. and Golden Holdings Neto Ltd. holds of its
shares. 

On
August 4, 2020, the Board of the Company approved for the Company and its Israeli Subsidiary to proceed with preparations for
investing in iBOT Israel Botanicals Ltd., (an affiliate) an Israeli nutritional supplements company developing and
manufacturing botanical formulas and nutritional supplements for custom contract manufacturing for leading botanical companies iBOT ). The principal shareholders and control persons of iBOT are the Company s Chief Executive Officer,
President and Chairperson . iBOT has a manufacturing facility for a wide range of botanical formulations. iBOT s
manufacturing facility is approved by the Israeli Ministry of Health and is GMP-certified, ISO 9001-certified and HACCP certified by
IQC. On August 4, 2020, the Board of Directors approved for the Company and Citrine Global Israel to proceed with preparations for
investing in iBOT. On August 9, 2021, through the 
owned subsidiary Cannovation Center Israel, the Company entered into an agreement with iBOT pursuant to which iBOT agreed to
manufacture a line of nutritional supplements for Cannovation Center Israel, including packaging and storage. 

In
November 2021, . If
the Citrine Global Group elects to exercise the Pre-Emption Right, such purchase is to take place at no more than 90 days following the
expiration of the 10 day notice period to the Citrine Global Group. Any iBOT securities of the Pre-Emption Right that Citrine Global
Group elects to not purchase are to be sold by not later than 90 days following the end of the Citrine Global Group s notice period
and if such shares are not sold to such third party within the 90 day period, the Pre-Emption right shall apply to any subsequent proposed
issuance. The preemption right does not apply to certain specified exceptions. 

In
November 2022 the Company and iBOT agreed to extend to March 31, 2023 the pre-emption right previously granted to the Company with respect
to any equity or equity linked securities that iBOT proposes to issue to an unrelated third party with aggregate gross proceeds to iBOT
exceeding million or which will result in a change in control in iBOT following such issuance. 

In March 2023, the Company and iBOT agreed
to extend to December 31, 2023 the pre-emption right previously granted to the Company with respect to any equity or equity linked securities
that iBOT proposes to issue to an unrelated third party with aggregate gross proceeds to iBOT exceeding million or which will result
 in a change in control in iBOT following such issuance. 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
1 GENERAL (cont d) 

Stock
split 

. Pursuant to the Reverse Stock Split, each fifty or seven
hundred shares of common stock (or any whole number within such range), as shall be determined by the Board at a later time, will be
automatically converted, without any further action by the stockholders, into one share of common stock. No fractional shares of common
stock will be issued as the result of the Reverse Stock Split. Instead, each stockholder of the Company will be entitled to receive one
share of common stock in lieu of the fractional share that would have resulted from the Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse Stock Split
Certificate of Amendment will be effective upon receipt of approval from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA and the filing with the Secretary of the State of Delaware, both of which were not completed as of the date of the approval of the financial
statements. 

Financial
support 

The
Company has not yet to generate revenues and is dependent on raising funds from its current shareholders or from other sources. On April
13, 2021, Citrine S A L, on behalf of itself and its affiliates and related parties, has furnished the Company with an irrevocable letter
of obligation to financially support the Company until June 30, 2022. On March 17, 2022, Citrine S A L Investment Holding Ltd.
extended this support through June 30, 2023. On August 14, 2022, Citrine S A L Investment Holding Ltd. further extended this support
through June 30, 2024. 

In
addition, on March 6, 2023 Cannovation and S.R. Accord Ltd., an Israeli company Lender ), entered into an -month
credit facility agreement (the Credit Facility pursuant to which Lender has committed to fund Cannovation in an aggregate
amount of 
 NIS (approximately ),
as needed. At the time of each draw down, Cannovation and Lender will determine the maturity date of the loan. All amounts drawn under
the Credit Facility will bear interest at an monthly rate of .
Cannovation has the right to pre-pay the entire amount outstanding under the Credit Facility at any time. As
security for any loans under the Credit Facility, Cannovation granted the Lender a first priority lien on its rights to the 125,000 sq
ft (11,687 sq meters) of industrial land in Yerucham (see note 4(1) below). The lien will become effective only if Cannovation utilizes
the Credit Facility. If the market value of the Premises is less than the amount outstanding under the Credit Facility, then Lender will
be entitled to additional security including additional shares of Citrine Global common stock, on such terms and conditions as the parties
may agree. As additional security for any payments due to Lender, Israeli Subsidiary, (ii) Beezzhome and (iii) Netto Holdings, an unaffiliated
entity under the partial control of Ilan Ben Ishay, a director on the board of Cannovation, as well as each of Ms. Elharar Soffer and
Mr. Ben Ishay in their personal capacities, have provided guarantees for the repayment of any amounts that may be owing to Lender under
the Credit Facility. Cannovation has agreed to indemnify Ms. Elharar Soffer and Mr. Ben Ishay for any losses they incur as a result of
the guarantee. 

On March 7, 2023, the Company issued to the Lender shares of
the Company s common stock a commitment fee in respect of the provision of the Credit Facility. As of the date of this report, Cannovation
utilized out of the credit line. 

The
Company has no significant firm commitments that require it to remit cash and can control the level of expenses it incurs. Based on the
Company s current cash balances, and the access to the Credit Facility noted above, the Company believes it will have sufficient
funds for its plans for the next twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. As the Company is embarking on its business
plan, it is incurring losses. It cannot determine with reasonable certainty when and if it will have sustainable profits. 

COVID-19 

On
March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) to be a global pandemic (COVID-19),
which continues to spread throughout the world. The COVID-19 pandemic is having significant effects on global markets, supply chains,
businesses, and communities. Specifically with respect to the Company, COVID-19 may impact various parts of its 2022 plans, operations
and financial results, including but not limited to difficulties in obtaining additional financing. The Company considered the impact
of COVID-19 on the estimates and assumptions and determined that there were no material adverse impacts on the consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company believes it is taking appropriate actions to mitigate the negative impact,
including by focusing its activities initially only within the country of Israel. However, the full impact of COVID-19 is unknown and
cannot be reasonably estimated as these events are still developing. 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

thousands collateral account for the Company s rent agreement and is classified in
current assets (December 31, 2022, ). 

- 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION (cont.) 

. The Company s accounting policy is to classify interest and penalties
relating to income taxes under income taxes, however the Company did not recognize such items in its fiscal 2022 and 2021 financial statements
and did not record any unrecognized tax benefits. 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION (cont.) 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION (cont.) 

Level
2: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in
markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and inputs that are derived
principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and 

Level
3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability that are supported by little or no market activity, and that are significant to the
fair values. 

Fair
value measurements are required to be disclosed by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in
their entirety fall. Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (in level 3 measurements) are subject to expanded
disclosure requirements including a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances, separately presenting changes during the period
attributable to the following: (i) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized), (ii) segregating those gains or losses
included in earnings, and (iii) a description of where those gains or losses included in earning are reported in the statement of operations. 

Total liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Initial recognition of convertible component as part of convertible notes issued 

Changes in fair value 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (U.S.
dollars in thousands) 

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION (cont.) 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

thousand for A-1 preferred shares of Nanomedic and also received warrants to purchase
 A-1 preferred shares. Such investment represents a holding of approximately in Nanomedic.
 The round raised approximately million in total. Citrine S A L and certain of its partnerships,
 all affiliates of the Company, were already beneficial shareholders of Nanomedic immediately
 prior to the A-1 funding round. Ilan Ben-Ishay, a former director of the Company was already
 a beneficial shareholder of Nanomedic immediately prior to the A-1 funding round. Ora Elharar
 Soffer, chairperson and CEO of the Company, was already a director of both Nanomedic and
 its Israeli parent company Nicast Ltd. immediately prior to the A-1 funding round, and she
 was also already a beneficial shareholder of Nanomedic immediately prior to the A-1 funding
 round. 

The
Company accounts for the investment in Nanomedic in accordance with the provisions of ASC 321, Investments - Equity Securities ,
and elected to use the measurement alternative therein. The investment will be re-measured upon future observable price change(s) in
orderly transaction(s) or upon impairment, if any. No such observable price changes have occurred during 2022 and 2021. 

B. On
 December 30, 2022, the Company, MyPlant Bio Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of
 the State of Israel MyPlant ), Cannasoul Analytics Ltd., a company incorporated
 under the laws of Israel Cannasoul ), and PurPlant Inc., a company duly incorporated
 under the laws of Canada PurPlant (Cannasoul and PurPlant are collectively
 referred to as the Shareholders ), and Professor Dedi Meiri, an Israeli individual Prof
 Meiri entered into the Share Purchase and Option Agreement (the Share Purchase
 and Option Agreement for the purchase by the Company of up to of MyPlant s
 issued and outstanding share capital on a fully diluted basis. 

The Company purchased 10 of
the outstanding MyPlant Shares from the Shareholders an aggregate of ordinary
shares of MyPlant (the MyPlant Shares representing, on a fully diluted basis, in consideration of payable
by the issuance by the Company to the selling Shareholders of an aggregate of shares
of Citrine Global s common stock par value per
share (the Citrine Global Stock ). In addition, under the Share Purchase and Option Agreement, the Company was granted
an option by the Shareholders to purchase an additional 35 of MyPlant Shares, on a fully diluted basis (the Shareholders
Option ), in consideration of payable
by the issuance of Company shares to the selling shareholders based on the average sale price of the Citrine Global Stock on the
trading day preceding the exercise of such option by Citrine Global, as reflected on the principal market on which the stock is then
quoted or traded, up to 
shares, and a separate option by MyPlant to purchase an additional 10 of the MyPlant Shares, on a fully diluted basis (the
 MyPlant Option ), in consideration of ,
which is payable, in the Company s discretion, in cash or in the issuance to MyPlant of shares of the Company s stock
based on the average sale price of the Citrine Global Stock on the trading day preceding the exercise of such option by Citrine
Global, as reflected on the principal market on which the stock is then quoted or traded up to shares
of Company s Stock. Said options are exercisable through September 30, 2023 (the Option Expiry Date ). If both
the shareholders Option and the Company Options are exercised, the Company will hold 55 of MyPlant Shares, on a fully diluted
basis. Under the Share Purchase and Option Agreement, the Company is authorized to continue its due diligence through the Option
Expiry Date. The number of shares is subject to adjustment in respect of any stock split or other recapitalization of the
Company 

The
transactions under the Share Purchase and Option Agreement are based on a MyPlant company valuation of approximately million. The
Company is authorized at any time on or before the Option Expiry Date to obtain an independent third-party valuation of MyPlant. If it
is determined by such third party valuation that the MyPlant valuation is less than million then the consideration payable in respect
of the exercise price of the options will be accordingly adjusted, provided however that in any case MyPlant s valuation in the
transaction shall not be below US . 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Under
the Share Purchase and Option Agreement, MyPlant granted to the Company the exclusive right to utilize MyPlant s activities as
specified in the agreement, including without limitation, the screening platforms using cell line models for certain diseases and conditions
to detect effective plant materials and/or other substances for the treatment of these conditions and a and a right of first opportunity
to commercialize intellectual property developed by MyPlant that is in the Company s (or its subsidiaries field of business,
provided that, if by December 31, 2023 the Company does not exercise either of the Shareholders Option or the Company Option and/or enter
into a service agreement with MyPlant, then the exclusive rights shall terminate but the right of first opportunity to commercialize
intellectual property developed by MyPlant shall continue thereafter until June 31, 2024, unless such rights have been extended beyond
such date under the terms to be agreed in the service agreement entered into by the Company and Citrine Global. In addition, under the
Share Purchase and Option Agreement, Cannasoul, MyPlant s majority Shareholder, agreed to not compete with MyPlant s activities. 

The
Company was granted observer rights on the MyPlant board of Directors (the MyPlant Board ). Following the exercise by Citrine
Global of the Shareholders Option, the MyPlant Board shall be comprised of four (4) directors of which MyPlant will be authorized to
designate two of such directors. 

The
Company accounts for the investment in MyPlant in accordance with the provisions of ASC 321, Investments - Equity Securities ,
and elected to use the measurement alternative therein. The investment will be re-measured upon future observable price change(s) in
orderly transaction(s) or upon impairment, if any. 

Payment on land lease 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less - accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

In
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, depreciation expenses amounted to US . 

1. On
 July 13, 2021, the Ministry of Economy of the Israeli government recommended to the Israel
 Land Authority ILA that it approve a grant of 11,687 square meters of industrial
 parcel of land in Yeruham, Israel (the Land for Cannovation to build the Cannovation
 Center, at a subsidized price and exempt from a tender procedures typically required under
 Israeli law, to include factories, laboratories, logistics and a distribution center for
 plant based wellness and pharma products and solutions. As noted, Citrine Global owns of the
 share capital of Cannovation, through the Israeli Subsidiary. Cannovation is in process of receiving
 the required building permits and approvals to start the construction and is in process with
 several financing entities in the area of real-estate financing. 

During
December 2021, Cannovation remitted to the Israeli Ministry of the Economy and the ILA the aggregate amount of NIS thousand 
thousands on the date of payment) to obtain the rights to the Land. The discounted amount paid is part of the grant by the Israeli government
under government programs to encourage industrial development in Southern Israel. The amount remitted represents the sum total amount
that Cannovation is required to pay as the purchase price for the Land. In addition, the Israeli Ministry of Economy is also expected
to cover approximately 30 of the building and equipment expenses. Cannovation is also expected to benefit from a reduced corporate tax
rate which is intended to encourage industrial development in Southern Israel. 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
4 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET (continue) 

The
Company has also classified thousands of related expenses to land costs. 

On
February 8, 2022, Cannovation Ltd received from the Israel Land Authority ILA a counter-signed development agreement
to purchase rights for long term lease to 11,687 square meters of Land for purposes of building the Green Vision Center Israel, which
is intended to include factories, laboratories, logistics and a distribution center for plant based wellness and pharma products and solutions. 

thousand, notes convertible into
 shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Notes ), with a drawdown period starting
 on April 1, 2020 and ending upon the earlier of (i) 6 months thereafter and (ii) the consummation
 of a public offering by the Company. The CL Agreement originally provided that the Notes will bear an
 annual interest rate of six percent and that the conversion price per share of Common
 Stock shall equal multiplied by the market price (as defined in the Notes), representing
 a discount of , and that 

On
April 19, 2020 and June 12, 2020, the Company provided draw down notices under the CL Agreement for amounts of thousand and million,
respectively, which were received in cash by the Company. 

On
June 12, 2020, the CL Agreement was amended (hereafter Amendment to provide that for each draw down made by 

On
April 12, 2021, the parties to the Convertible Note Purchase Agreement (the CL Agreement amended the CL Agreement to (i)
change the annual interest on the Notes to nine percent (9 ), applicable from January 1, 2021, (ii) ensure that the Company shall repay
the loans at the time it consummates an investment in the amount of at least million in the Company s securities, and (iii)
modify the exercise prices of each of the A Warrants and B Warrants to per share, and the term of the A Warrants and B Warrants
be extended by one year. 

The
Company concluded that the change in term does not constitute a trouble debt restructuring. Thereafter, the Company applied the guidance
in ASC 470-50, Modifications and Extinguishments. The accounting treatment is determined by whether terms of the new debt and original
debt are substantially different. 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
5 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (cont d) 

The
new debt and the old debt are considered substantially different pursuant to ASC 470-50 when the present value of the cash
flows under the terms of the new debt instrument is at least 10 different from the present value of the remaining cash flows under the
terms of the original instrument (including the incremental fair value resulting from the change in the terms of the warrants held by
the lender). If the original and new debt instruments are substantially different, the original debt is derecognized and the new debt
should be initially recorded at fair value, with the difference recognized as an extinguishment gain or loss. Based on the analysis,
the Company concluded that the change in terms should be accounted for as an extinguishment. 

The
extinguishment resulted in a loss of thousands (including of thousands change in the fair value of the warrants which
is considered transaction cost). 

The
fair value of the warrants was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The assumptions used to perform the calculations
are detailed below: 

Risk-free interest rate ) 

Expected dividend yield 

Contractual term (years) 

Conversion price 

Underlying share price (U.S. dollars) 

Fair value (U.S. dollars in thousands) 

Fair
value of the warrants immediately after the change: 

Fair value of the warrants 
 A Warrant 
 B Warrant 
 
 Expected volatility ) 

Risk-free interest rate ) 

Expected dividend yield 

Contractual term (years) 

Conversion price 

Underlying share price (U.S. dollars) 

Fair value (U.S. dollars in thousands) 

B. On
 June 24, 2021, the Company received from Citrine 8 LP, a related party, a convertible loan of 
 thousands made under and pursuant to the CL Agreement. Citrine 8 LP agreed to honor a Draw Down Notice for, and advanced to the
 Company, 
 thousands, under the terms of the CL Agreement. As provided for under the terms of the CL Agreement, Citrine 8 LP was also issued 
 A warrants and 
 B warrants for shares of common stock, where the A warrants are exercisable beginning December 24, 2021 through and the B warrants, in each case at a per share exercise price of 
 (the June 24 Agreement ). 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
5 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (cont d) 

Convertible
Component of the Loan 

Risk-free interest rate ) 

Expected dividend yield 

Contractual term (years) 

Conversion price 
 - 
 ) 
 
 Underlying share price (US dollars) 

Convertible notes amount 

Fair value of the conversion feature (US dollars in thousands) 

) 
 of the share price, during the
period of 5 days preceding the conversion date. 

Warrants 

The
fair value of such warrants granted as part of the June 24 agreement was estimated at thousands using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model and recorded as additional paid-in capital on the balance sheet. 

Risk-free interest rate ) 

Expected dividend yield 

Contractual term (years) 

Conversion price 

Underlying share price (U.S. dollars) 

Fair value (U.S. dollars in thousands) 

Fair
Value Proportional Allocation for the June 24 Agreement 

The
fair value of the note was estimated at thousands. The note is accounted for according to the effective interest method. 

Warrants 

Convertible Notes 

Total 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
5 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (cont d) 

C. On
 August 13, 2021, the Company and the holders of thousands in principal amount under
 the CL Agreement as detailed in Note 5A and 5B above, entered into an additional agreement
 pursuant to which, among other things, the following terms were effected: 

(i) Extension
 of the maturity date on the Outstanding CL Notes to , provided, that if the
 Company consummates prior to maturity an investment of at least million of the Company s
 securities, then the Company shall repay the principal amount and accrued interest of the
 Notes from such proceeds; 
 
 (ii) Amendment
 of the conversion price on the Outstanding CL Notes to a fixed conversion price of 
 per share; and 
 
 (iii) Confirming
 the agreement of 

The
Company concluded that the change in term constitutes a trouble debt restructuring, due to its financial condition and the relief that
the abovementioned changes provided. 

Therefore,
the Company concluded that the change in terms should be accounted for as a modification. A new effective interest rate was established
based on the carrying value of the debt and the revised cash flows. 

Conversion
feature In accordance with ASC 815-15-25, the conversion feature was considered embedded derivative instrument, and is to be recorded
at its fair value separately from the convertible notes, within current liabilities in the Company s balance sheet. The conversion
component is then marked to market each reporting period with the resulting gains or losses shown in the statements of operations. 

Risk-free interest rate ) 

Expected dividend yield 

Contractual term (years) 

Conversion price 
 - 
 ) 
 
 Underlying share price (U.S. dollars) 

Convertible notes amount 

Fair value of the conversion feature (U.S. dollars in thousands) 

) 
 of the share price, during the
period of 5 days preceding the conversion date 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
5 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (cont d) 

Loan
#2 that was amended on August 13, 2021: 

August 13, 2021 
 
 Expected volatility ) 

Risk-free interest rate ) 

Expected dividend yield 

Contractual term (years) 

Conversion price 
 - 
 ) 
 
 Underlying share price (U.S. dollars) 

Convertible notes amount 

Fair value of the conversion feature (U.S. dollars in thousands) 

) 
 of the share price, during the
period of 5 days preceding the conversion date. 

Following
the abovementioned amendment on August 13, 2021, the conversion component is qualifying for the scope exception under ASC 815-10-15-74(a).
In accordance with ASC 815-15-35-4, since the embedded conversion option in the convertible debt no longer meets the bifurcation criteria,
the fair value of the conversion component, in the amount of thousands, was reclassified from short-term liability to shareholders
equity at that date. 

D. On
 January 5, 2022, Citrine 9 LP, one of the Buyer entities (hereinafter Citrine 9 agreed to honor a Draw Down Notice (as defined in the Convertible Note Agreement) for, and
 has advanced to the Company, thousands on the same terms and conditions as are specified
 in the Convertible Note Agreement. The maturity date of the loan is the earlier of July 31,
 2023 or at such time as the Company shall have consummated an investment of at least million
 in Company securities. The annual interest on the loan continues to be nine percent ).
 The principal and interest payment on the Note shall be made in New Israeli Shekels (NIS)
 at the conversion rate which was in effect on the date on which the loan was advanced. 

As
provided for under the terms of the Convertible Note Agreement, Citrine 9 will be issued Series A warrants and Series
B warrants for shares of common stock, where the Series A warrants are exercisable beginning July 5, 2022 through July 5, 2024 and the
Series B warrants are exercisable beginning July 5, 2022 through July 5, 2025, in each case at an exercise price of per share. 

The
Company allocated the proceeds received to the freestanding components the convertible loan, A Warrants and B Warrants, based
on their relative fair values, since all three components will not be subsequently measured at fair value (see below). 

Conversion
feature 

In
accordance with ASC 815-15-25 the conversion feature was considered a liability classified embedded derivative instrument, and is to
be recorded at its fair value separately from the convertible notes, within non-current liabilities in the Company s balance sheet.
The conversion component is then remeasured at fair value at each reporting period with the resulting gains or losses shown in the statements
of operations. 

The
fair value of the convertible component was estimated by third party appraiser as weighted average of the two possible scenarios of the
total convertible notes amount conversion (each, 50 probability): 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
5 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (cont d) 

The
scenario in which the convertible loan would be converted prior to its maturity (scenario 1) was estimated by the appraiser using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model, to compute the fair value of the derivative and to market the fair value of the derivative at each
balance sheet date. The following are the data and assumptions used as of issuance dates and as of the balance sheet date: 

Risk-free interest rate ) 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Share price (U.S. dollars) 

Exercise price (U.S. dollars) 

Fair value of the conversion feature (U.S. dollars in thousands) 

The
scenario in which the Company would raise at least million prior to conversion of the convertible loan (scenario 2) was estimated
by the appraiser using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, to compute the fair value of the derivative and to market the fair value
of the derivative at each balance sheet date. The following are the data and assumptions used as of issuance dates and as of the balance
sheet date: 

Risk-free interest rate ) 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Share price (U.S. dollars) 

Exercise price (U.S. dollars) 

Fair value of the conversion feature U.S. dollars in thousands) 

The
fair value of the convertible component was estimated by the third-party appraiser after giving effect to the weighted average of the
two possible scenarios as of issuance dates was thousands. 

Warrants 

The
fair value of the warrants as of the drawdowns dates was estimated at thousands using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and
is presented within the consolidated statements of changes in shareholders deficit. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Share price (U.S. dollars) 

Exercise price (U.S. dollars) 

Fair value of the warrants (U.S. dollars in thousands) 

Warrants B 

Dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Share price (U.S. dollars) 

Exercise price (U.S. dollars) 

Fair value of the warrants (U.S. dollars in thousands) 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
5 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (cont d) 

Fair
Value Proportional Allocation 

The
fair value of the note was estimated at thousands. The note is accounted for according to the effective interest method. 

Warrants 

Convertible Notes 

Total 

E. On
 January 5, 2022, the Company and the related entities who are the signatory lenders (hereinafter
 the Buyers under the Convertible Loan Agreement dated as of April 1, 2020
 (the CL Agreement with the Company entered into the Fourth Amendment to the
 CL Agreement pursuant to which the following was agreed to: 

(i) The
 principal and accrued interest on all outstanding loans in the aggregate principal amount
 of are to be repaid in New Israeli Shekels (NIS) at the conversion rate in effect
 on the date on which the loan was advanced; 
 
 (ii) The
 conversion price on all outstanding notes under the CL Agreement was adjusted to a conversion
 price of per share 
 
 (iii) The
 exercise price on all outstanding warrants issued in connection with advances made under
 the CL Agreement was adjusted to an exercise price of per share. 

The
Company concluded that the change in terms does not give rise to a trouble debt restructuring, as no concession was given to the Company. 

Therefore,
the Company went on to assess the whether the terms of the modified note are substantially different. The Company concluded that the
change in terms should be accounted for as a debt extinguishment. 

In accordance with ASC 815-15-35-4, since the embedded conversion option in the convertible debt meets the bifurcation criteria, the
fair value of the conversion component calculated as of January 5, 2022, in the amount of thousands, was reclassified from shareholders
equity to liability at that date. 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
5 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (cont d) 

F. On
 July 15, 2022, Citrine 9 LP, (hereinafter Citrine 9 ), one of the related entities
 and a signatory lender (to the Convertible Note Purchase Agreement entered into by the Company
 and several related parties (hereinafter the Buyers in April 2020, as subsequently
 amended (the CL Agreement agreed to honor a Draw Down Notice for, and has
 advanced to the Company, on the same terms and conditions as are specified in the
 CL Agreement. The annual interest on the loan continues to be nine percent ). The principal
 and interest payment on the Note are to be made in New Israeli Shekels (NIS) at the conversion
 rate which was in effect on the date on which the loan was advanced. In connection with the
 loan, Citrine 9 is entitled to Series A warrants and Series B warrants
 for shares of common stock, where the Series A warrants are exercisable beginning January
 15, 2023 through July 15, 2024 and the Series B warrants are exercisable beginning January
 15, 2023 through July 15, 2025, in each case at an exercise price of per share. On
 August 9, 2022, the Company s board of directors agreed to extend the maturity date
 on the loans to October 31, 2023, subject to approval of Citrine 9 to such extension, and
 to extend the exercise period of the warrants through August 9, 2027. 

The
Company allocated the proceeds received to the freestanding components the convertible loan, A Warrants and B Warrants, based
on their relative fair values, since all three components will not be subsequently measured at fair value (see below). 

Conversion
feature 

In
accordance with ASC 815-15-25 the conversion feature was considered a liability classified embedded derivative instrument, and is to
be recorded at its fair value separately from the convertible notes, within non-current liabilities in the Company s balance sheet.
The conversion component is then remeasured at fair value at each reporting period with the resulting gains or losses shown in the statements
of operations. 

The
fair value of the convertible component was estimated by third party appraiser as weighted average of the two possible scenarios of the
total convertible notes amount conversion (each, 50 probability): 

The
scenario in which the convertible loan would be converted prior to its maturity (scenario 1) was estimated by the appraiser using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model, to compute the fair value of the derivative and to market the fair value of the derivative at each
balance sheet date. The following are the data and assumptions used as of issuance dates 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Share price (U.S. dollars) 

Exercise price (U.S. dollars) 

Fair value of the conversion feature (U.S. dollars in thousands) 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
5 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (cont d) 

The
scenario in which the Company would raise at least million prior to conversion of the convertible loan (scenario 2) was estimated
by the appraiser using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, to compute the fair value of the derivative and to market the fair value
of the derivative at each balance sheet date. The following are the data and assumptions used as of issuance dates and as of the balance
sheet date: 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Share price (U.S. dollars) 

Exercise price (U.S. dollars) 

Fair value of the conversion feature (U.S. dollars in thousands) 

The
fair value of the convertible component was estimated by the third-party appraiser after giving effect to the weighted average of the
two possible scenarios as of issuance dates was thousands. 

Warrants 

The
fair value of the warrants as of the drawdowns dates was estimated at thousands using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and
is presented within the consolidated statements of changes in shareholders equity (deficit). 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Share price (U.S. dollars) 

Exercise price (U.S. dollars) 

Fair value of the warrants (U.S. dollars in thousands) 

Warrants B 

Dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Share price (U.S. dollars) 

Exercise price (U.S. dollars) 

Fair value of the warrants (U.S. dollars in thousands) 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
5 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (cont d) 

Fair
Value Proportional Allocation 

The
fair value of the note was estimated at thousands. The note is accounted for according to the effective interest method. 

Warrants 

Convertible Notes 

Total 

G. On
 August 9, 2022, the board of directors of the Company agreed to the following: 

1. The
 maturity date on all of the outstanding convertible loans under the CL Agreement was extended
 to October 31, 2023 (from July 31, 2023); and 

2. The
 exercise period on all of the outstanding Series A and Series B warrants issued to date in
 connection with the convertible loans under the CL Agreement was extended to August 9, 2027 

The
Company concluded that the change in terms does not give rise to a trouble debt restructuring, as no concession 

 was
given to the Company. 

Therefore,
the Company went on to assess whether the terms of the modified note are substantially different. The Company concluded that the change
in terms of the loans should be accounted for as a debt extinguishment. 

Following
the abovementioned amendment on August 9, 2022, the changes in the fair value of the conversion component and the warrants in the amount
of thousands and thousands, respectively were recorded as interest expenses. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the convertible component was estimated by third party appraiser as weighted average of the two
possible scenarios of the total convertible notes amount conversion (20 probability for scenario 1 and 80 probability for scenario
2): 

The
scenario in which the convertible loans would be converted prior to its maturity (scenario 1) was estimated by the appraiser using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model, to compute the fair value of the derivative and to market the fair value of the derivative at each
balance sheet date. The following are the data and assumptions used as of the balance sheet date: 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Share price (U.S. dollars) 

Exercise price (U.S. dollars) 

Fair value of the conversion feature (U.S. dollars in thousands) 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
5 CONVERTIBLE NOTES (cont d) 

The
scenario in which the Company would raise at least million prior to conversion of the convertible loan (scenario 2) was estimated
by the appraiser using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, to compute the fair value of the derivative and to market the fair value
of the derivative at each balance sheet date. The following are the data and assumptions used as of issuance dates and as of the balance
sheet date: 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Share price (U.S. dollars) 

Exercise price (U.S. dollars) 

Fair value of the conversion feature (U.S. dollars in thousands) 

The
fair value of the convertible component was estimated by the third-party appraiser after giving effect to the weighted average of the
two possible scenarios as of December 31, 2022 was thousands. 

H. On
 August 9, 2022, the Board agreed to issue to the related entities who advanced an aggregate
 of thousands in convertible loans under the CL Agreement on or before June 15, 2020
 warrants for a total shares of common stock, exercisable through August 9, 2027
 at a per share exercise price of , in replacement of the Series A warrants for an identical
 number of shares issued in June 2020 in connection with such loans, which had expired. The
 issuance was accounted for as part of loan modification described in Note 5G. 

The
fair value of the warrants as of the drawdowns dates was estimated at thousands using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and
is presented within the consolidated statements of changes in shareholders deficit. 

Risk-free interest rate ) 

Expected term (years) 

Volatility 

Share price (U.S. dollars) 

Exercise price (U.S. dollars) 

Fair value of the warrants (U.S. dollars in thousands) 

I. On
 September 30, 2022, the Company received a loan from Citrine S A L Hi Tech 7 LP, an Israeli limited partnership and an affiliated
 entity (the Lender ), in the principal amount of .
 The loans bears interest at 
 per annum and is scheduled to mature on . The principal and interest payment on the loan are to be made in New Israeli Shekels (NIS) at the exchange rate
 which was in effect on the date on which the loan was advanced. The Lender has the option, upon written notice to the Company and
 subject to the Company s consent, to extend the maturity date of the loan (the Maturity Date extension Notice ).
 The Lender is to provide the Maturity Date extension Notice by no later than December 5, 2022. The lender did not provide such a
 notice by December 31, 2022. See note 11a below. 

In
the event that the Company agrees to such extension, the terms of this loan shall be adjusted on a pro-rata basis, to those terms applicable
to the Company s convertible notes then outstanding under the Convertible Note Agreement, date as of April 1, 2020, as subsequently
amended, amongst the Company and the affiliated parties thereto (of which the Lender is a party). 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and in addition, to issue the consultant restricted shares of common stock,
to be issued in three tranches. In the event that the agreement is terminated prior to the issuance date, the remaining share obligation
shall be void. On July 28, 2022, by mutual agreement the Company and the counterparty consultant terminated the agreement and the Company
agreed to issue to the counterparty consultant restricted shares. On August 26, 2022 the Company issued the shares to the consultant.
The Company estimated the value of the shares issued based on the share price at the agreement date at thousand and were recorded
as share based compensation expenses. 

On
August 26, 2022 the Company issued shares to Intelicanna Ltd in respect to its strategic partnership agreement signed on May
31, 2020. 

shares of common stock thereunder and recommended to the Company shareholders
to approve the increase in the pool. The Board also determined to grant to each of Ilanit Halperin and David Kretzmer, directors of the
Company, a grant of options to purchase shares of common stock, and Doron Birger, a Company director, options to purchase 
shares, in each case at per share exercise price of per share. The options vest over a two year period, in eight (8) equal installments, with the first instalment
vesting on the third month anniversary of each individual s start date and each further instalment on each subsequent third month
anniversary, where the start date is, in the case of Ilanit Halperin February 27, 2020, in the case of Doron Birger September 20, 2020
and in the case of David Kretzmer is March 1, 2021, subject to such individual s continued service with the Company. These options
expire after 5 years from the grant date. The total recognized tax benefit related to the share based payments, after
valuation allowance, totaled to zero. 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
7 STOCK OPTIONS (continue) 

On
December 29, 2021 the Company s board of directors approved the grants of the options. 

The
fair value at December 29, 2021 was determined using the Black-Scholes pricing model, assuming a risk free rate of ,
a volatility factor of ,
dividend yields of 
and an expected life of 
 years. The Company estimated the fair value of
each option granted at December 29, 2021 at ,
totaling 
 thousands. 

In
May 2022 the Company appointed Prof. Itamar Grotto, a world-renowned expert in Public Health as Director in Cannovation Center Israel
Ltd. and President of Green Vision Center Israel. Upon his appointment, Prof. Itamar Gruto was granted options under the 2018 Plan to
purchase shares of the Company s common stock at per share exercise price of . The options vest over a three year
period, in three annual instalments beginning on June 1, 2023 and thereafter on each subsequent anniversary, subject to his continued
service to the Company. 

On
June 8, 2022, the Board also approved the issuance of options to two service providers under the 2018 Plan. The options are
exercisable at a per share price of . The options are scheduled to vest over a three year period, in twelve (12) equal installments,
with the first installment vesting on the third month anniversary of the date of grant and each further instalment on each subsequent
third month anniversary, subject to such individual s continued service with the Company. options shall be accelerated
upon uplisting to Nasdaq. 

On
August 9, 2022, the Company s board of directors determined to increase the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2018
Plan by million shares to a total of shares of common stock thereunder and on August 12, 2022 the Company shareholders
approved the same. 

On
August 9, 2022, the Board also determined to grant to the directors and officers set forth below options under the 2018 Plan. The options
are exercisable at a per share price of and through the seventh anniversary of the grant date, except in the case of Ora Elharar
Soffer, the Company s chief executive officer, the per share exercise price is and the exercise period is five years from
the date of grant. The options are scheduled to vest over a three year period, in twelve (12) equal installments, with the first installment
vesting on the third month anniversary of the date of grant and each further instalment on each subsequent third month anniversary, subject
to such individual s continued service with the Company. In the event of a change in control, the vesting schedule is accelerated
and all unvested options vest. 

Ilanit Halperin (Director, CFO) 

Ilan Ben Ishay (Director) 

Doron Birger (Director) 

David Kretzmer (Director) 

The
terms relating to the options grants are included in stock option agreements under the 2018 Plan. Amongst other things, the stock option
agreements for selected service providers of Citrine Global, including the directors and officers, provide that the exercise price of
the options that were awarded to date, shall remain unaffected by the implementation of a reverse stock split that the Company may implement;
to avoid any doubt, such reverse stock split shall apply to the number of options shares issuable under such options. All other relevant
terms of such shall continue in full force and effect and are such reverse stock split. Any and all tax implications rest solely with
the optionee and not the Company. 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited or expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Forfeited or expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Number of options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to non-vested options. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Compensation
expense recorded by the Company in respect of its options awards for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were thousands
and thousands, respectively and are included in General and Administrative expenses in the Statements of Operations. 

The aggregate intrinsic value of the awards
outstanding as of December 31, 2022 is . These amounts represent the total intrinsic value, based on the Company s stock price
of as of December 31, 2022, less the weighted exercise price. 

Risk-free interest rate ) 
 - 

Expected term (years) 
 - 

Volatility 
 - 

Share price (U.S. dollars) 
 - 

Exercise price (U.S. dollars) 

Estimated total fair value of options granted (U.S. dollars thousands) 

The
intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2022 totaled thousand. 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

General and administrative expenses: 

Directors compensation and fees to officers ) 

) Share based compensation ) 

General and administrative expenses 

Financing expenses, net: 

Financial expenses related to convertible loan 

Interest on loan 
 
 - 

) 

B. Balances
 with related parties: 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

U.S. Dollars in thousands 

Current Assets: 

Short term loan granted to others 
 - 

Current Liabilities: 

Short term loan 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes 
 - 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Non-current Liabilities: 

Convertible notes 
 
 - 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

C. Commencing
 in February 2020, Ora Elharar Soffer, CEO and Chairperson of the Board, was entitled to a
 monthly fee of thousands and certain reimbursements, such as vehicle, traveling, lodging and other
 expenses on behalf of the Company, the payment of such compensation was deferred until the
 Company consummates an investment of at least million in the Company s securities. 

In
addition, on August 15, 2021, . 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, an amount of thousands and thousands, respectively, was recorded representing compensation
earned by Ms. Elharar Soffer. 

D. Commencing
 in February 2020, Ilan Ben-Ishay, a director in Citrine Global, is entitled to a monthly fee of 
 thousands and certain reimbursements for traveling lodging and vehicle expenses on behalf of the Company, the payment of such
 compensation was deferred until the Company consummates an investment of at least 
 million in the Company s securities. 

In
addition, on August 15, 2021, the board of directors of Cannovation determined to adjust the compensation of Ilan Ben Ishay, a director
at Cannovation, to thousands per month, in each case retroactive to July 1, 2021. These amounts would be paid at such time as Cannovation
shall become due and payable from, and such time as Cannovation shall have, available funds therefor and as part of the operating budget
for a minimum period of 18 months. 

As
of December, 31, 2022, and 2021, an amount of thousands and thousand, respectively was recorded representing compensation earned
by Mr. Ben-Ishay. 

On
January 18, 2023, Mr. Ilan Ben Ishay resigned from his position as a director on the Board of the Company 

E. Commencing
 in May 2020, Ms. Halperin, director CFO of the Company, was entitled to a monthly fee of an additional 
 thousands, resulting in an aggregate monthly fee (from the February 2020 agreement as detailed above) of 
 thousands, and certain reimbursements for traveling lodging and vehicle expenses on behalf of the Company, the payment of such
 compensation was deferred until the Company consummates an investment of at least 
 million in the Company s securities. 

In
addition, on August 15, 2021, the board of directors of Cannovation determined to adjust the compensation of Ilanit Halperin at Cannovation, to thousands per month, in each case retroactive to July 1, 2021. These amounts would be paid at such
time as Cannovation shall become due and payable from, and such time as Cannovation shall have, available funds therefor and as part
of the operating budget for a minimum period of 18 months. 

As
of December, 31, 2022, and 2021, an amount of thousands and thousand, respectively, was recorded representing compensation
earned by Ms. Halperin. 

F. Commencing
 in March 2021, Adv. David Kretzmer, a director, is entitled to a monthly fee of thousands
 and certain reimbursements for traveling lodging and vehicle expenses on behalf of the Company,
 the payment of such compensation was deferred until the Company consummates an investment
 of at least million in the Company s securities. 

In
addition, on August 15, 2021, thousands per month, in each case retroactive to July 1, 2021. These amounts would be paid at such time as Cannovation
shall become due and payable from, and such time as Cannovation shall have, available funds therefor and as part of the operating budget
for a minimum period of 18 months . 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

On
August 9, 2022, Mr. David Kretzmer s fee in respect of services provided to the Company was reduced from per month to 
per month. Mr. Kretzmer s monthly fee for services rendered to Cannovation Center Israel at the rate of per month was unaffected 

As
of December, 31, 2022, and 2021, an amount of thousands and thousand, respectively, was recorded representing compensation earned
by Adv. David Kretzmer. 

G. Commencing
 in September 2020, Doron Birger, a director, is entitled to a monthly fee of thousands.
 From July 2022 the payment of such compensation was deferred until the Company consummates
 an investment of at least million in the Company s securities. 

As
of December, 31, 2022 an amount of thousands was recorded representing compensation earned by Doron Birger. 

H. On
 August 15, 2021, . 

I. On
 September 29, 2021, the Company advanced to iBOT, a related party, a loan of NIS thousands 
 (approximately with a 12 month maturity date. The loan bears interest at an effective
 annual interest rate of as and is convertible, at the option of Citrine Global, into
 equity shares of iBOT at conversion rate equal to the lower of (i) discount to the most
 recent round of capital raised by iBOT during the term of the loan and (ii) the rate specified
 in the framework agreement. In addition, Citrine Global is entitled to convert the outstanding
 loan, in whole or in part, to satisfy payments of amounts owed to iBOT under the services
 agreements between the parties. On October 8, 2021 the Company transferred a first tranche
 of thousands. The loan was repaid in full during 2022. As for additional transaction
 with iBOT, see note 1 above. 

J. On
 October 19, 2022, Mr. Dror Shaked and Mr. David Freidenberg were appointed to serve as independent
 directors on the Board of Directors of Citrine Global, Corp., effective upon (and subject
 to) the listing of the Company s stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market . 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. No further taxes are payable on this profit unless that profit
 is distributed. If certain conditions are met, income derived from foreign subsidiaries is
 tax exempt from foreign withholding under applicable tax treaties to avoid double taxation. 

Income
of the Israeli Subsidiaries is taxable from 2021 and onwards, at corporate tax rate of . 

The
Company and its Israeli Subsidiaries have not received final tax assessments since the Israeli Subsidiary s inception. tax
years are open for assessment Company s tax years, from 2018 onwards, are open for assessment and for the Israeli Subsidiaries all tax
years from commencement are open for assessment . 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company and the Israeli Subsidiaries have operating loss carryforwards of
approximately 
thousands and 
thousands, respectively, which can be offset against future taxable income, if any. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately thousand
will . 

B. Composition
 of loss for the year: 

Israel 

Total 

C. The
 following is a reconciliation between the theoretical tax on pre-tax loss, at the federal income tax rate
 applicable to the Company and the income tax expense reported in the financial
 statements: 

U.S. federal income tax rate 

Income tax benefit computed at the applicable tax rate 

Non-deductible expenses 

Effect of differences in corporate income tax rates 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total
 income tax 
 - 
 - 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

D. Deferred
 taxes are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences
between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss
and tax credit carryforwards. Significant components of
 the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: 

Share based compensation 

Convertible component in convertible notes 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued
compensation 

Total deferred tax assets 

Composition of deferred
 tax liabilities: 

Convertible notes 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Valuation
 allowance 

Total
 deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

E. Roll
 forward of valuation allowance 

Additional paid in capital 

Income tax expense 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Additional paid in capital 

Income tax expense 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Total weighted average number of shares of Common Stock related to outstanding options, excluded from the calculations of diluted loss per share ) 

) 

CITRINE
GLOBAL CORP. 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

under the CL Agreement to May 31, 2024. LP 7 also agreed to extend to May 31, 2024 the note
 in the principal amount of . 

In
addition, under the Agreement the Company and the Lending LPs have also agreed that if the Company s common stock is listed on
the Nasdaq Stock Market, then, then the Company, in its sole discretion, shall determine to convert,
in whole or in part, the outstanding amount of the above mentioned notes to shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion
price equal to the price paid by the public investors for the common stock in such offering. 

b. On
 January 17, 2023, the Board of Citrine Global, appointed Ms. Ora Elharar Soffer to
 serve as president of the Company. Ms. Elharar Soffer has been continuously serving as the
 Company s Chief Executive Officer since May 7, 2020 and as a Company director since
 February 21, 2020 and as Chairperson of the Board since March 3, 2020. 

c. On January 17, 2023, the Board of Citrine Global, appointed Ms. Ilanit
Halperin to serve as treasurer and secretary of the Company. Ms. Halperin has been continuously serving as the Company s Chief Financial
Officer since May 7, 2020 and as a Company director since February 21, 2020. 

d. On
 January 18, 2023, Mr. Ilan Ben Ishay resigned from his position as a director on the Board
 of the Company for personal reasons. Mr. Ben Ishay s resignation did not result from
 any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations,
 policies and practices. 

e. On
 March 5, 2023, the Board of the Company provided that in the event that the Company s stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock
 Exchange, then one half of the awarded and unvested option grants made in each of
 August 2021 and in August 2022 to service providers, including officers, directors and selected service providers, will immediately vest at such time. In
 addition, the Board also determined to provide that following the termination of services by a n officer, director or a selected
 service provider for any reason other
 than cause, such person shall have a one year period from the date of termination to exercise any option that was vested
 at the time of the termination of services. 

f. On
 March 6, 2023 Cannovation, the Company s majority owned subsidiary and S.R. Accord Ltd., an Israeli company
 Lender ), entered into an 18-month credit facility agreement (the Credit Facility pursuant to which
 Lender has committed to fund Cannovation in an aggregate amount of NIS
 (approximately as needed. At the time of each draw down, Cannovation and Lender will determine the repayment of the loan. All amounts drawn under
 the Credit Facility will bear interest at a monthly rate of 
 and will be due at such time as Cannovation and Lender determine. Cannovation has the right to pre-pay the entire amount outstanding
 under the Credit Facility at any time. As of the date of these financial statements, Cannovation utilized out of the credit
 line. 

. The lien will
 become effective only if Cannovation utilizes the Credit Facility. If the market value of the Premises is less than the amount
 outstanding under the Credit Facility, then Lender will be entitled to additional security ,
 including shares of Citrine Global Stock , on such terms and conditions as the
 parties may agree . As additional security for any
 payments due to Lender, CTGL Citrine Global Israel Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of Citrine Global, (ii) Beezzhome Technologies
 Ltd. an entity wholly owned by Ora Elharar Soffer, the Chief Executive Officer of Citrine Global and (iii) Netto Holdings 
 Ltd. , [ provide full corporate/company name], an unaffiliated entity under the partial control of Ilan Ben
 Ishay, a director on the board of Cannovation, as well as each of Ms. Elharar Soffer and Mr. Ben Ishay in their personal capacities,
 are providing guarantees for the repayment of any amounts that may be owing to Lender under the Credit Facility. Cannovation has
 agreed to indemnify Ms. Elharar Soffer and Mr. Ben Ishay for any losses they incur as a result of the guarantee 

On March 7, 2023, the Company issued to the Lender 
 shares of the Company s common stock a commitment fee in respect of the provision of the Credit Facility. 

g. On
 March 15, 20232, the Company issued to a consultant in consideration of services
 provided to the Company. 

h. 
 On
 March 16, 2023, the consulting agreement originally entered into as of July 2020 with Ms Elharar Soffer, the Company s
 Chairperson, CEO and President, was amended. 

i. 
 On
 March 16, 2023, the consulting agreement originally entered into as of July 2020 with Ilanit Halperin, the Company s CFO, was amended. 

F- 36 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The
Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s
reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s principal executive officer and chairperson
of the Board, and the Company s principal financial officer, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing
and evaluating the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, the Company s management recognizes that any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives,
and the Company s management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls
and procedures. 

Based
on the Company s evaluation of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the Company s
principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were
effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal
executive officer and principal financial officer , to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Company s financial reporting. In order to evaluate
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Company s
management, with the participation of the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer conducted an assessment,
using the criteria in Internal Control - Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Tredway Commission COSO (2013). The Company s system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements. This assessment included review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness
of controls, and a conclusion on this evaluation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the
risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems
determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

Based
on this evaluation, the Company s management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December
31, 2022 as it identified no control deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is not a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

 Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

On March
16, 2023, the consulting agreement originally entered into as of July 2020 with Soffer, the Company s Chairperson, CEO and President,
was amended. The amendment provides for the following: (i) the monthly consulting to which Ms. Elharar Soffer is entitled will increase
from 20,000 to 25,000 (in invoice plus VAT if applicable) upon a listing of the Company s stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market, retroactive
to January 1, 2023, (ii) the terms contained in her original agreement and all other terms and awards previously approved by the Company s
board relating to her, including payment of her monthly fee and reimbursement of social benefits payments made by Mr Elharar Soffer, shall
continue in full force and effect so long as Ms. Elharar Soffer serves as either director and /or executive officer (iii) all previous
awards and bonuses previously made to her were affirmed and (iv) Ms. Elharar Soffer has agreed to defer compensation due to her until
such time as the Company shall have consummated an investment of at least 1.8 million in the Company s securities, at which time
all of the outstanding consulting fees from March 2020 and all reimbursement for related social benefits would be paid to her. In addition,
The amendment also provides that the committee of the Board that will be responsible for setting the compensation terms of senior management
shall prepare and present for approval a compensation program for the Consultant that takes into consideration Ms. Elharar Soffer s
role in founding and leading the Company and that such compensation package shall be competitive with compensation programs for top senior
executives/founders generally available in the market and which will include, among other things, appropriate bonuses, severance payments
and other amenities generally made available in the market to senior executive and that Ms. Elharar Soffer shall receive the most extensive
of such compensation terms amongst senior management. 

On March
16, 2023, the consulting agreement originally entered into as of July 2020 with Ms Ilanit Halperin, the Company s director and CFO,
was amended. The amendment provides for the following: (i) the monthly consulting to which Ms. Elharar Soffer is entitled will increase
from 7,500 to 10,000 in invoice plus VAT if applicable) upon a listing of the Company s stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market, retroactive
to January 1, 2023, (ii) the terms contained in her original agreement and all other terms and awards previously approved by the Company s
board relating to her, including payment of her monthly fee and reimbursement of social benefits payments made by Mr Elharar Soffer ,shall
continue in full force and effect so long as Ms. Halperin serves as either director and /or executive officer, (iii) all previous
awards and bonuses previously made to her were affirmed and (iv) s. has agreed o defer compensation due to her until such time as the
Company shall have consummated an investment of at least 1.8 million in the Company s securities, at which time all of the outstanding
consulting fees from March 2020 and all reimbursement for related social benefits would be paid to her. In addition, The Company undertakes
that the committee of the Board that will be responsible for setting the compensation terms of senior management shall prepare and present
for approval a compensation program for Ms. Halperin that shall be competitive with compensation programs for senior executives generally
available in the market and which will include, among other things, appropriate bonuses, severance payments and other amenities generally
made available in the market to senior executives. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
Applicable. 

46 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
Company s directors hold office until the next annual general meeting of the stockholders or until their successors are elected
and qualified. The Company s officers are appointed by its board of directors and hold office until the earlier of their death,
retirement, resignation, or removal. 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of the members of the board of directors and the executive officers and the positions held
by each as of March 21, 2023. 

Name

Age 
 
 Positions 

Ora
 Elharar Soffer 
 
 56 
 
 Chairperson
 of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer and President 

Ilanit
 Halperin 
 
 50 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Director, Treasurer and Secretary 

Doron
 Birger 
 
 70 
 
 Director 

David
 Kretzmer 
 
 69 
 
 Director 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any members of the Company s executive management and its directors. 

Business
Experience 

The
following is a brief account of the education and business experience of our current directors and executive officers: 

Ora
Elharar Soffer has been serving as our Director and Chair of the Board since February 2020, Chief Executive Officer since
May 2020 and President since January 17, 2023 and currently serves as director in our wholly owned subsidiary CTGL Citrine Global
Israel Ltd. and our majority owned subsidiary Cannovation Center Israel Ltd. Elharar Soffer is the entrepreneur behind the company
and also the head of strategic business development. Additionally, Ms. Elharar Soffer is the founder, director?? and chairperson of
Cannovation Center Israel Ltd. 

Ms.
Elharar Soffer serves as director or advisory board member in various companies. Ms. Elharar Soffer is the co-founder and CEO of Citrine
SAL Investment Holdings an Israeli company, that invests in various fields of companies and technologies and include Citrine S
A L Biotech Funds, which specializes in healthcare, wellness solutions, digital health, medical devices, food tech, and botanical nutraceuticals,
and Citrine S A L High-Tech Funds, which specializes in high-tech, cyber, IoT, technologies and public companies. Citrine S A L invested
in various companies such as Nicast Ltd., Nanomedic Ltd., WellBe Digital Ltd., Biocep Ltd., Improdia Ltd., Intelicanna Ltd., iBOT Israel
Botanicals Ltd., Cannbit Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Novomic Ltd., Dario Health, and BSP Medical, ICB - Israel China Biotechnology. 

Ms.
Elharar Soffer serves as director of Nicast Ltd., Nanomedic Ltd., Biocep Ltd., iBOT Israel Botanicals Ltd., Beezhome Technologies Ltd,
Beyond Blade Ltd, Citrine SAL investment holdings Ltd, Citrine SAL high tech Ltd and Citrine S A L Biotech Ltd. 

Ora
was Co-Founder and CEO of Chip PC Technologies, managing and leading the company from Startup stage to going public and becoming an international
technology company. Ora was also co-founder of Xseed Ltd. that was sold to Elbit Systems and OR1 Investment Ltd. She is also an investor,
shareholder and founder in Beezzhome Technologies Ltd., Beyond Blade Ltd, Citrine S A L investment holdings Ltd, Citrine SAL high
tech Ltd and Citrine S A L Biotech Ltd , CTGL Citrine Global Israel Ltd., Cannovation Center Israel Ltd. and more 

47 

Ms.
Elharar Soffer is a member of the Peres Center for Peace and Innovation and of Springboard Enterprises, a global organization accelerating
women s leadership in technology and biotech companies. 

Ms.
Elharar Soffer completed Management Studies in the Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, and is based in Israel. 

The
Board believes that Ms. Elharar Soffer s extensive history, association with and knowledge of the Company, and years of experience
ideally situate her to serve on our Board. 

Ilanit
Halperin has been serving as a director since February 2020 and our Chief Financial Officer since May 2020 and treasurer and
secretary since January 2023 and currently serves as director in our wholly owned subsidiary CTGL Citrine Global Israel Ltd. and our
majority owned subsidiary Cannovation Center Israel Ltd. Ms. Halperin worked for over 21 years in one of the six largest accounting firms
in Israel, for the last 11 years as a partner. She then set up her own office providing CPA and financial consulting and management services.
For many years Ms. Halperin has accompanied public and private companies in Israel and abroad in diverse sectors, including industrial
companies, real estate companies, technology companies, and tourism companies. Ms. Halperin has extensive experience in auditing and
preparing financial statements according to Israeli, international (IFRS) and US GAAP standards. Ms. Halperin specializes in accompanying
early and mature stage companies, providing, inter alia, tax advice, general financial consulting, assistance in preparing business plans,
and assistance and accompaniment with investors, private placements and IPOs in Israel and the USA. Ms. Halperin has many years of experience
accompanying NASDAQ and OTC-traded companies. Ms. Halperin holds a B.A. in accounting from the College of Management Academic Studies,
Rishon Lezion, Israel. 

The
Board believes that Ms. Halperin s extensive knowledge of the Company, her knowledge of financial matters, and years of experience
ideally situate her to serve on our Board. 

Doron
Birger has been serving as a director since September 2020 and currently serves as director in our wholly owned subsidiary CTGL
Citrine Global Israel Ltd. Mr. Birger currently serves as the chairman of the board of directors of Matricelf (TASE: MTLF) and as a director
of Icecure Medical Ltd. (NASDAQ and TASE:ICCM), Kadimastem Ltd. (TASE:KDST), Pluristem (NASDAQ and TASE: PSTI) and Hera Med Ltd (ASX:HMD).
Mr. Birger also serves as chairman and director of several private companies in Israel in the hi-tech sector mainly in the medical device
field. From 2002 to 2007, Mr. Birger served as the chairman of the board of directors of Given Imaging Ltd. (NASDAQ and TASE:GIVN) and
later on as board member until February 2014. Mr. Birger served as chief executive officer of Elron Electronic Industries, Ltd., or Elron
(NASDAQ and TASE:RLRNF), from August 2002 to April 2009. Prior to that, he held other executive positions at Elron, including President
since 2001, Chief Financial Officer from 1994 to August 2002, and Corporate Secretary from 1994 to 2001. Mr. Birger is a chairman and
director of variety of non-profit organizations in Israel. Mr. Birger holds a B.A. and an M.A. in economics from the Hebrew University
Jerusalem. Mr. Birger is based in Israel. 

The
Board believes that Mr. Birger s extensive years of public company management experience ideally situate him to serve on our Board. 

David
Kretzmer was appointed as director in April 2021 and currently serves as director in our wholly owned subsidiary CTGL Citrine
Global Israel Ltd. and our majority owned subsidiary Cannovation Center Israel Ltd. and Mr. Kretzmer is an experienced international
commercial lawyer and litigator with more than 35 years of experience in international litigation and transactions concentrated on commercial
law, property development and syndication, real estate law, corporate law, contracts, international trade, securities brokerage, investment
banking, corporate restricting, and corporate development. In addition to his position as a director in our Company, Mr. Kretzmer is
a senior partner in the law firm of Kretzmer and Associates PLLC in New York as well as the law firm Kretzmer and Associates in Tel Aviv.
Mr. Kretzmer holds a Bachelor of Law from the University of the Witwatersrand, Johannesburg, South Africa and has been admitted as an
Attorney in South Africa, New York and in Israel. Mr. Kretzmer is based in Israel. 

The
board believes that Mr. Kretzmer s international business and legal experience ideally situate him to serve on our Board. 

48 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

The
Company does not presently have a separately constituted audit committee, compensation committee, nominating committee, executive committee
or any other committees of its board of directors. As such, its entire Board acts as its audit committee. 

Code
of Ethics. 

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, or the Code of Conduct, applicable to all of our employees, executive officers and
directors. The Code of Conduct is available on our website at www.citrine-global.com. Our Board must approve any waivers of the Code
of Conduct for employees, executive officers and directors. In addition, we intend to post on our website all disclosures that are required
by law concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the Code of Conduct. All of our directors, executive officers
and employees are required to certify in writing their understanding of and intent to comply with the Code. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings. 

The
Company is not aware of any material legal proceedings that have occurred within the past ten years concerning any Director or control
person which involved a criminal conviction, a pending criminal proceeding, a pending or concluded administrative or civil proceeding
limiting one s participation in the securities or banking industries, or a finding of securities or commodities law violations. 

Section
16(a) Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company s directors and executive officers, and persons who own beneficially
more than ten percent (10 of the Company s Common Stock, to file reports of ownership and changes of ownership with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Copies of all filed reports are required to be furnished to the Company pursuant to Section 16(a). No delinquent
reports were filed during 2022 by the Company s officers and directors and ten percent (10 stockholders. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth the total compensation received for services rendered in all capacities to our Company for the last two fiscal
years, which was awarded to, earned by, or paid to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, who are our only serving
officers, whose total compensation exceeded 100,000 during 2021which we refer to collectively as our Named Executive Officers. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary )(1) 
 Bonus ) 
 Option Awards ) (2) 
 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Ora Elharar Soffer, Chairperson of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 360,000 (3) 
 - 
 - (4) 
 
 - 
 360,000(3) 

2021 
 300,000 (3) 
 - 
 - (4) 
 
 - 
 300,000(3) 

Ilanit Halperin, Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 90,000 (5) 
 - 
 (4) 
 
 - 
 90,000(5) 

2021 
 66,000 (5) 
 - 
 - (4) 
 
 - 
 66,000(5) 

(1)
 Represents annual retainer payments 

49 

(2)
In accordance with SEC rules, the amounts in this column reflect the fair value on the grant date of the option awards granted to the
named executive, calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718. Stock options were valued using the Black-Scholes model. The grant-date
fair value does not necessarily reflect the value of shares which may be received in the future with respect to these awards. The grant-date
fair value of the stock options in this column is a non-cash expense for us that reflects the fair value of the stock options on the
grant date and therefore does not affect our cash balance. The fair value of the stock options will likely vary from the actual value
the holder receives because the actual value depends on the number of options exercised and the market price of our Common Stock on the
date of exercise. For a discussion of the assumptions made in the valuation of the stock options, see Note 7 to the financial statements
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

(3)
These amounts represent compensation earned by Ms. Elharar Soffer during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 but that by agreement
is deferred until such time as the Company shall have consummated an investment of at least 1.8 million in the Company s securities.
See below Consulting Agreement with Ora Elharar Soffer . 

(4)
See Director compensation table for the options for shares that were awarded in August 2022. 

(5)
These amounts represent compensation earned by Ms. Halperin during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 but is deferred until such
time as the Company shall have consummated an investment of at least 1.8 million in the Company s securities. 

Consulting
Agreements with Management and Directors 

We
have entered into consulting agreements with each of Ms. Elharar Soffer, our Chairperson of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and
Ms. Halperin our Chief Financial Officer and director and our directors. The following are descriptions of the material terms of our
executive officers services and employment agreements. 

Consulting
Agreement with Ora Elharar Soffer 

On March 16, 2023, the consulting agreement originally entered into as
of July 2020 with Ms Ora Elharar Soffer, the Company s Chairperson, CEO and President, was amended. The amendment provides for the
following: (i) the monthly consulting to which Ms. Elharar Soffer is entitled will increase from 20,000 to 25,000 (in invoice plus VAT
if applicable) upon a listing of the Company s stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market, retroactive to January 1, 2023, (ii) the terms
contained in her original agreement and all other terms and awards previously approved by the Company s board relating to her, including
payment of her monthly fee and reimbursement of social benefits payments made by Mr Elharar Soffer, shall continue in full force and effect
so long as Ms. Elharar Soffer serves as either director and /or executive officer,(iii) all previous awards and bonuses previously
made to her were affirmed and (iv) Ms. Elharar Soffer has agreed to defer compensation due to her until such time as the Company shall
have consummated an investment of at least 1.8 million in the Company s securities, at which time outstanding amounts due to her under the agreement would be paid to her. In addition, the amendment also provides
that the committee of the Board that will be responsible for setting the compensation terms of senior management shall prepare and present
for approval a compensation program for the Consultant that takes into consideration Ms. Elharar Soffer s role in founding and leading
the Company and that such compensation package shall be competitive with compensation programs for top senior executives/founders generally
available in the market and which will include, among other things, appropriate bonuses, severance payments and other amenities generally
made available in the market to senior executive and that Ms. Elharar Soffer shall receive the most extensive of such compensation terms
amongst senior management. 

In
addition, on August 15, 2021, the board of directors of Cannovation Center Israel determined to adjust the compensation of the Chairperson
(and interim Chief Executive Officer), Ora Elharar Soffer, to 10,000 per month, in each case retroactive to July 1, 2021. These amounts
would be paid at such time as Cannovation Center shall become due and payable from, and such time as Cannovation Center Israel shall
have, available funds therefor and as part of the operating budget for a minimum period of 18 months. 

Further,
on August 15, 2021, the board determined to award a bonus to the Company s Chairperson of the Board, CEO, CFO, officers, directors
and senior management equal to two percent (2 of any capital raise, subject to prior repayment of the outstanding convertible loans
and so long as the payment thereof would be from available funds and part of the Company s operating budget for a minimum period
of 18 months. In addition, the Board agreed to a bonus Company s Chairperson of the Board, CEO, CFO, officers, directors and senior
management of 2 from operating profits which will become payable upon the fulfillment of certain specified targets that the Board will
establish, subject to prior repayment of the outstanding convertible loans and so long as the payment thereof would be from available
funds and as part of the Company s operating budget for a minimum period of 18 months. On March 30, 2022, it was agreed that Ms.
Soffer would receive 65 of the allotted amount. 

50 

On August 9, 2022, the Company s board also determined to grant to award to Ms. Elharar Soffer options under the 2018 Plan to purchase
up to 47,128,400 shares of common stock, at a per share exercise price of 0.022. The options are scheduled to vest over a three year
period, in twelve (12) equal installments, with the first instalment vesting on the third month anniversary of the date of grant and each
further instalment on each subsequent third month anniversary, subject to such individual s continued service with the Company.
In the event of a change in control, the vesting schedule is accelerated and all unvested options vest. The stock option agreement with
Ms. Elharar Soffer provides that the exercise price of the options that were awarded shall remain unaffected by the implementation of
a reverse stock split that the Company may implement; to avoid any doubt, such reverse stock split shall apply to the number of options
shares issuable under such options and all other relevant terms of such options (other than the exercise price) shall continue in full
force and effect following the implementation of such reverse stock split. In addition, the agreements further provide that upon a listing
of the Company s stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market, one half of the unvested options would vest. 

Consulting
Agreement with Ilanit Halperin 

On March 16, 2023, the
consulting agreement originally entered into as of July 2020 with Ms Ilanit Halperin, the Company s director and CFO, was
amended. The amendment provides for the following: (i) the monthly consulting to which Ms Ilanit Halperin is entitled will increase
from 7,500 to 10,000 in invoice plus VAT if applicable) upon a listing of the Company s stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market,
retroactive to January 1, 2023, (ii) the terms contained in her original agreement and all other terms and awards previously
approved by the Company s board relating to her, including payment of her monthly fee and reimbursement of social benefits
payments made by, Ms Ilanit Halperin shall continue in full force and effect so long as Ms. Halperin serves as either director
and /or executive officer,(iii) all previous awards and bonuses previously made to her were affirmed and (iv) Ms. Halperin has
agreed to defer compensation due to her until such time as the Company shall have consummated an investment of at least 1.8 million
in the Company s securities, at which time outstanding amounts due her under the agreement would be paid to her In addition,
The Company undertakes that the committee of the Board that will be responsible for setting the compensation terms of senior
management shall prepare and present for approval a compensation program for Ms. Halperin that shall be competitive with
compensation programs for senior executives generally available in the market and which will include, among other things,
appropriate bonuses, severance payments and other amenities generally made available in the market to senior executives. 

On
August 15, 2021, the Company s board determined to award to Ms. Halperin options under the 2018 Plan to purchase up to 9,425,680
shares of common stock, at a per share exercise price of 0.05. The options vest over a two year period, in eight (8) equal installments,
with the first instalment vesting on the third month anniversary of Ms. Halperin s start date of February 27, 2020. As of the date
of this report, the entirety of the options have vested. In addition, on August 15, 2021, the board of directors of Cannovation Center
Israel determined to adjust the compensation of the chief financial officer, Ilanit Halperin, to 4,000 per month, in each case retroactive
to July 1, 2021. These amounts would be paid at such time as Cannovation Center shall become due and payable from, and such time as Cannovation
Center Israel shall have, available funds therefor and as part of the operating budget for a minimum period of 18 months. On March 30,
..2022, it was agreed that Ms. Halperin would receive 25 of the allotted amount of the above referenced bonus. 

On
August 9, 2022, the Company s board also determined to grant to award to Ms. Halperin options under the 2018 Plan to purchase up
to 18,851,3 60shares of common stock, at a per share exercise price of 0.020. The options are scheduled to vest over a three year period,
in twelve (12) equal installments, with the first instalment vesting on the third month anniversary of the date of grant and each further
instalment on each subsequent third month anniversary, subject to such individual s continued service with the Company. In the
event of a change in control, the vesting schedule is accelerated and all unvested options vest. 

The stock option agreements with Ms. Halperin provide that the exercise price of the options that were awarded shall
remain unaffected by the implementation of a reverse stock split that the Company may implement; to avoid any doubt, such reverse stock
split shall apply to the number of options shares issuable under such options and all other relevant terms of such options (other than
the exercise price) shall continue in full force and effect following the implementation of such reverse stock split. In addition, the
agreements further provide that upon a listing of the Company s stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market, one half of the unvested options
would vest. 

Consulting
Agreement with Ilan Ben-Ishay 

In
July 2020, we entered into a consulting agreement with Mr. Ben-Ishay, a director at the Company, effective as of February 1, 2020 and
as long as the Mr. Ben-Ishay serves as a director of the Company, unless earlier terminated with or without cause by any party hereto
by 30 days advance written notice. Pursuant to the consulting agreement, effective as of February 2020, Mr. Ben-Ishay receives a monthly
retainer of 3,500 plus VAT. In addition, Mr. Ben-Ishay is entitled to reimbursement for certain expenses, which include car, travel,
lodging and meals. Mr. Ben-Ishay has agreed to defer compensation due to him until such time as the Company shall have consummated an
investment of at least 1.8 million in the Company s securities. 

51 

In
addition, on August 15, 2021, the board of directors of Cannovation Center Israel determined to adjust the compensation of Ilan Ben-Ishay,
director, to 2,000 per month, in each case retroactive to July 1, 2021. These amounts would be paid at such time as Cannovation Center
shall become due and payable from, and such time as Cannovation Center Israel shall have, available funds therefor and as part of the
operating budget for a minimum period of 18 months. 

On
March 30, .2022, it was agreed that Mr. Ben-Ishay would receive 5 of the allotted amount of the above referenced bonus. 

On August 9, 2022, the Company s board also determined to grant to award to Mr. Ben Ishay options under the 2018 Plan to purchase
up to 18,851,360 shares of common stock, at a per share exercise price of 0.020. The options are scheduled to vest over a three year
period, in twelve (12) equal installments, with the first instalment vesting on the third month anniversary of the date of grant and each
further instalment on each subsequent third month anniversary, subject to such individual s continued service with the Company.
In the event of a change in control, the vesting schedule is accelerated and all unvested options vest. The stock option agreement with
Mr. Ben -Ishay provides that the exercise price of the options that were awarded shall remain unaffected by the implementation of a reverse
stock split that the Company may implement; to avoid any doubt, such reverse stock split shall apply to the number of options shares issuable
under such options and all other relevant terms of such options (other than the exercise price) shall continue in full force and effect
following the implementation of such reverse stock split. In addition, the agreements further provide that upon a listing of the Company s
stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market, one half of the unvested options would vest. 

On
January 18, 2023, Mr. Ben Ishay resigned from his position as a director on the Board of Citrine Global Corp. but remains a director
in our wholly owned subsidiary CTGL Citrine Global Israel Ltd. and Cannovation Center Israel Ltd. 

Consulting
Arrangement with Doron Birger 

Commencing
September 2020, Adv. Doron Birger, a director, is entitled to a monthly fee of 1,500 per month and certain reimbursements for traveling
lodging and vehicle expenses on behalf of the Company. Beginning August, 2022, Mr. Birger has agreed to defer compensation due to him
until such time as the Company shall have consummated an investment of at least 1.8 million in the Company s securities. 

On
August 15, 2021, the Company s board determined to award to Mr. Birger options under the 2018 Plan to purchase up to 2,365,420
shares of common stock, at a per share exercise price of 0.05. The options vest over a two year period, in eight (8) equal installments,
with the first instalment vesting on the third month anniversary of Mr. Birger start date of September 20, 2020. As of the date of this
report, the entirety of the options have vested. 

On
August 9, 2022, the Company s board also determined to grant to award to Mr. Birger options under the 2018 Plan to purchase up
to 2,356,420 shares of common stock, at a per share exercise price of 0.020. The options are scheduled to vest over a three year period,
in twelve (12) equal installments, with the first instalment vesting on the third month anniversary of the date of grant and each further
instalment on each subsequent third month anniversary, subject to such individual s continued service with the Company. In the
event of a change in control, the vesting schedule is accelerated and all unvested options vest. 

The stock option agreements with Mr. Birger provide that the exercise price of the options that were awarded shall
remain unaffected by the implementation of a reverse stock split that the Company may implement; to avoid any doubt, such reverse stock
split shall apply to the number of options shares issuable under such options and all other relevant terms of such options (other than
the exercise price) shall continue in full force and effect following the implementation of such reverse stock split. In addition, the
agreements further provide that upon a listing of the Company s stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market, one half of the unvested options
would vest. 

Mr.
Birger also serves as a director on the Board of Cannovation. 

Consulting
Arrangement with David Kretzmer 

Commencing
in March 2021, Adv. David Kretzmer, a director, is entitled to a monthly fee of 7,000 and certain reimbursements for traveling lodging
and vehicle expenses on behalf of the Company. On August 9, 2022, Mr. David Kretzmer s fee in respect of services provided to the
Company was reduced to 1,500 per month. Mr. Kretzmer has agreed to defer compensation due to him until such time as the Company shall
have consummated an investment of at least 1.8 million in the Company s securities. 

On
August 15, 2021, the Company s board determined to award to Mr. Kretzmer options under the 2018 Plan to purchase up to 9,425,680
shares of common stock, at a per share exercise price of 0.05. The options vest over a two year period, in eight (8) equal installments,
with the first instalment vesting on the third month anniversary of Mr. Kretzmer start date of March 1, 2021. As of the date of this
report, the entirety of the options have vested. 

52 

In
addition, on August 15, 2021, the board of directors of Cannovation Center Israel determined to adjust the compensation of David Kretzmer,
director, to 2,000 per month, in each case retroactive to July 1, 2021. These amounts would be paid at such time as Cannovation Center
shall have, available funds therefor and as part of the operating budget for a minimum period of 18 months. 

On
August 9, 2022, the Company s board also determined to grant to award to Mr. Kretzmer options under the 2018 Plan to purchase up
to 2,356,420 shares of common stock, at a per share exercise price of 0.020. The options are scheduled to vest over a three year period,
in twelve (12) equal installments, with the first instalment vesting on the third month anniversary of the date of grant and each further
instalment on each subsequent third month anniversary, subject to such individual s continued service with the Company. In the
event of a change in control, the vesting schedule is accelerated and all unvested options vest. 

The stock option agreements with Mr. Kretzmer provide that the exercise price of the options that were awarded
shall remain unaffected by the implementation of a reverse stock split that the Company may implement; to avoid any doubt, such reverse
stock split shall apply to the number of options shares issuable under such options and all other relevant terms of such options (other
than the exercise price) shall continue in full force and effect following the implementation of such reverse stock split. In addition,
the agreements further provide that upon a listing of the Company s stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market, one half of the unvested options
would vest. 

Mr.
Kretzmer also serves on the Board of Cannovation. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

The
following table sets forth information concerning equity awards held by each of our Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Securities Underlying RSUs (#) Unvested 
 
 Ora Elharar Soffer Director, Chief Executive Officer, President 
 7,854,733 
 39,273,667 
 0.022 
 8/9/2032 
 - 

Ilanit Halperin, 
 9,425,680 
 - 
 0.05 
 8/15/2031 
 - 
 
 Director, Chief Financial Officer 
 3,141,893 
 15,709,467 
 0.020 
 8/9/2032 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table provides certain information concerning the compensation for services rendered in all capacities by each director serving
on the Company s board of directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Fee Earned or Paid in Cash( )(1) 
 Option Awards( )(2) 
 All Other Compensation( 
 Total ) 
 
 Ora Elharar Soffer 
 - 
 331,487 
 - 
 331,487 (3) 
 
 Ilanit Halperin 
 42,000 
 142,019 
 - 
 184,019 (4) 
 
 Ilan Ben-Ishay 
 66,000 
 137,857 
 - 
 203,857 (5) 
 
 David Kretzmer 
 80,500 
 68,188 
 - 
 148,688 (6) 
 
 Doron Birger 
 18,000 
 22,269 
 - 
 40,128 (7) 

(1)
Payments are pursuant to the consulting agreements. 

(2)
In accordance with SEC rules, the amounts in this column reflect the fair value on the grant date of the option awards granted to the
named executive, calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 718. Stock options were valued using the Black-Scholes model. The grant-date
fair value does not necessarily reflect the value of shares which may be received in the future with respect to these awards. The grant-date
fair value of the stock options in this column is a non-cash expense for us that reflects the fair value of the stock options on the
grant date and therefore does not affect our cash balance. The fair value of the stock options will likely vary from the actual value
the holder receives because the actual value depends on the number of options exercised and the market price of our Common Stock on the
date of exercise. For a discussion of the assumptions made in the valuation of the stock options, see Note 7 to the financial statements
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

53 

(3)
See in the Executive Compensation table above a discussion about Ora Elharar Soffer, the Company s Chairperson of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer s executive compensation. See also above Consulting Agreement with Ora Elharar Soffer 

(4)
See in the Executive Compensation table above a discussion about Ilanit Halperin, the Company s Chief Financial Officer s
executive compensation. 

(5)
Represents director compensation earned by Ilan Ben-Ishay during the year ended December 31, 2022 but that is being deferred until such
time the Company shall have consummated an investment of at least 1.8 million in the Company s securities. Mr. Ben Ishay has been
serving as a director since February 2020 until his resignation from the Board on January 18 2023. Mr. Ben Ishay remains a director in
our wholly owned subsidiary CTGL Citrine Global Israel Ltd. and Cannovation Center Israel Ltd. 

(6)
Represents director compensation earned by David Kretzmer during the year ended December 31, 2022 but is being deferred until such time
as the Company shall have consummated an investment of at least 1.8 million in the Company s securities. 

(7)
Represents director compensation earned by Doron Birger during the year ended December 31, 2022. Of this amount 7,500 is being deferred
until such time as the Company shall have consummated an investment of at least 1.8 million in the Company s securities 

Golden
Parachute Compensation 

The
Company does not currently have any agreement or understanding, whether written or unwritten, between it and its named executive officers,
concerning any type of compensation, whether present, deferred or contingent, that is based on or otherwise relates to an acquisition,
merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition of all or substantially all our assets. 

Equity
Compensation Plan 

2018
Stock Incentive Plan 

In
December 2018, TechCare, our predecessor company, adopted the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan, or the 2018 Plan, which became effective as
of December 2, 2018 by the action of its board of directors. The 2018 Plan provides for the grant of stock awards, restricted stock awards
and stock options to any employee, director, officer, consultant, or advisor of the Company, or such other persons who provided bona
fide services to the Company as shall be determined by a committee designated by the board of directors. If no committee is designated
by the board of directors, the 2018 Plan will be administered by the board of directors. As of the date of this report the board
of directors has not designated a committee to administer the 2018 Plan. 

The
total number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2018 Plan, either directly as stock awards or underlying options
is 2,000,000 shares of common stock. The total number of shares of common stock reserved for such issuance may be increased only by a
resolution adopted by the board of directors and amendment of the 2018 Plan. Awards under the 2018 Plan may be granted until December
2, 2028. The terms of under which a stock award or option is granted under the 2018 Plan shall be set forth in a written agreement, which
shall be determined by the committee or the board of directors. 

As
of February 2021, the shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan was increased to 90,000,000 shares of common stock.
In August 2022 the shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan was further increased to 180,000,000 shares of common
stock 

As
of December 31, 2022, the total number of shares of common stock issued under the 2018 Plan, either directly as stock awards or underlying
options was 122,529,342 shares of common stock. 

54 

2017
Employee Incentive Plan 

In
2017, the Company adopted the 2017 Employee Incentive Plan, or the 2017 Plan, which became effective as of January 1, 2017 by the action
of the board of directors. The 2017 Plan provided for the grant of stock awards and stock options to any employee, director, officer,
consultant, or advisor of the Company, or such other persons who provided bona fide services to the Company as determined by a committee
designated by the board of directors followed by the approval of the board of directors; however, if the committee was composed of a
majority of the persons then comprising the board of directors, the approval of the board of directors was not necessary. If no committee
was designated by the board of directors, the 2017 was to be administered by the board of directors. The board of directors did not designate
a committee to administer the 2017 Plan. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the total number of shares of common stock issued under the 2017 Plan, either directly as stock awards or underlying
options was 0 shares of common stock. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The
following table sets forth the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned as of March 22 2023, by (i) each of our
current directors and named executive officers, (ii) all executive officers and directors as a group, and (iii) each person known by
us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. We have determined beneficial ownership
in accordance with applicable rules of the SEC, which generally provide that beneficial ownership includes voting or investment
power with respect to securities. Except as indicated by the footnotes to the table below, we believe, based on the information
furnished to us, that the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common
stock that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. 

The
information set forth in the table below is based on 956,479,039 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of March 22,
2023. In computing the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person,
we deemed to be outstanding all shares of common stock subject to options, warrants or other convertible securities held by that
person that are currently exercisable or will be exercisable within 60 days after March 22, 2023. We did not deem these shares
outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Except as otherwise noted in the
footnotes below, the address for each person listed in the table below, solely for purposes of filings with the SEC, is c/o Citrine
Global, Corp. 5 Golden Beach, Caesarea 3088900, Israel. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Common Stock Owned 
 
 Principal Stockholders: 

Ora Elharar Soffer (1) 
 354,887,780 
 36.93 
 
 Yaron Pitaru (2) 
 86,619,115 
 9.09 
 
 Edan Moshe Katz (3) 
 81,478,344 
 8.55 
 
 Ilan Ben Ishay (4) 
 67,048,046 
 7.02 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors: 

Ora Elharar Soffer 
 354,887,780 
 36.93 
 
 Ilanit Halperin 
 13,978,678 (5) 
 1.45 
 
 Doron Birger 
 2,758,156 (6) 

David Kretzmer 
 10,068,416 (7) 
 1.05 
 
 Ilan Ben-Ishay 
 67,048,046 (4) 

All directors and executive officers as a group (five persons) 
 448,741,075 
 45.43 

Less than 1 . 

(1)
Includes 79,925,134 shares of common stock owned directly by Ora Elharar Soffer, 65,851,526 shares of common stock owned through Beezz
Home Technologies Ltd which is 100 owned by Ora Elharar Soffer, and 201,256,386 shares of common stock owned through Citrine S A L Investment
 Holdings Ltd, which is 50 owned by Beezz Home Technologies Ltd. Includes an additional 7,854,733 shares of common stock issuable
upon vested options and options scheduled to vest within the next 60 days. 

55 

(2)
Includes 19,579,952 shares of common stock owned directly by Yaron Pitaru, 12,699,937 shares of common stock owned through WealthStone
Private Equity Ltd, which is 100 owned by WealthStone Holdings Ltd, which is 27 owned by Yaron Pitaru, and 54,339,226 shares of common
stock owned through Citrine S A L Investment Holdings Ltd, which is 50 owned by WealthStone Private Equity Ltd. 

(3)
Includes 20,141,981 shares of common stock owned directly by Edan Moshe Katz, 11,619,596 shares of common stock owned through WealthStone
Private Equity Ltd, which is 100 owned by WealthStone Holdings Ltd, which is 73 owned by Golden Holdings Neto Ltd, which is 33.84 
owned by Edan Moshe Katz, and 49,716,767 shares of common stock owned through Citrine S A L Investment Holdings Ltd, which is 50 
owned by WealthStone Private Equity Ltd. 

(4)
Includes 9,342,726 shares of common stock owned directly by Ilan Ben-Ishay, 10,634,128 shares of common stock owned through WealthStone
Private Equity Ltd, which is 100 owned by WealthStone Holdings Ltd, which is 73 owned by Golden Holdings Neto Ltd, which is 30.97 
owned by Ilan Ben-Ishay, and 45,500,245 shares of common stock owned through Citrine S A L Investment Holdings Ltd, which is 50 
owned by WealthStone Private Equity Ltd. Includes an additional 1,570,947 shares of common stock issuable upon vested options. On January
18, 2023, Mr. ben Ishay resigned from the Board of Directors of Citrine Global Corp but continues to serve on the board of our wholly
owned subsidiary CTGL Citrine Global Israel Ltd. and our majority owned subsidiary Cannovation Center Israel Ltd.. 

(5)
Composed of 1,411,104 shares of common stock and 12,567,574 shares issuable upon exercise of vested options. 

(6)
Shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of vested stock options and options scheduled to vest in 60 days. 

(7)
Comprised of 250,000 shares of common stock and 9,818,416 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of vested options and options
scheduled to vest in the next 60 days. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

See
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTORS INDEPENDENCE 

The
following is a description of transactions since January 1, 2021 to which we have been a participant in which the amount involved exceeded
or will exceed the lesser of (i) 120,000 or (ii) 1 of the average total assets of the Company at year end for the last two completed
fiscal years and in which any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our voting securities, or any members
of their immediate family, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than compensation arrangements which are described
under Executive Compensation. 

56 

Convertible
Loan Agreements 

On
April 1, 2020 the Company and certain affiliates entered into the CL Agreement with t certain Israeli Partnerships where our CEO and
Chairperson is a partner (collectively, the Buyers entered into a convertible loan agreement (the CL Agreement ).
Under the CL Agreement, the Buyers agree to purchase and the Company agrees to issue and sell, for up to an aggregate principal amount
of 1,800,000 of the Notes, for a period starting on April 1, 2020 and ending upon the earlier of (i) 6 months thereafter and (ii) the
consummation of a public offering by the Company. The Notes will bear interest at a rate of six percent (6 with respect to amounts
paid that are used for working capital purposes of the Company, provided that amounts paid that are used for investment activities of
the Company may be subject to different interest rates, in accordance with the Guidelines. The conversion price per share of Common Stock
shall equal 85 multiplied by the market price (as defined in the Note), representing a discount of 15 . The payment for each Note must
be delivered 14 business days after delivery of the respective draw down notice, and each Note will mature 18 months thereafter. The
interval between one draw down and the next must be at least thirty (30) days, provided that the Buyer may waive this requirement. Each
draw down notice provided to the Buyer must be for an amount between 50,000 and 350,000, set at the Company s discretion. The
Company must use the amounts paid for the Notes in accordance with the Guidelines. The Buyer shall decide upon and provide to the Company
the names of the Buyer parties which will provide the funds to the Company in respect of the Note, including the respective amounts to
be transferred to the Company by each such Buyer party. The Buyer shall have the right, from time to time and at its discretion, to add
other entities to the list comprising the Buyer. The Buyer may participate alongside the Company in any investment the Company makes
for as long as the CL Agreement is in effect. The Company may at any time prepay an outstanding Note (principal and accrued interest)
in full by paying the Buyer an amount in cash equal to 115 multiplied by the then outstanding principal amount of the Note, as well
as the accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of the Note, provided however that in the event the Company seeks to
exercise this right the Buyer will first have the option to fully convert the Note, or any remaining amount outstanding under it, into
Common Stock of the Company, and the conversion amount will be equal to the amount the Company would have paid to the Buyer had the Buyer
not exercised this option. On April 19, 2020 and June 12, 2020, the Company provided draw down notices under the CL Agreement for amounts
of 170 thousand and 1 million, respectively, which were received in cash by the Company. On June 12, 2020, CL Agreement Amendment was
executed to provide that for each draw down made by the Company under the CL Agreement, the Buyer shall be entitled to receive two types
of warrants: A Warrants and B Warrants, with the A Warrants exercisable at any time between 6 and 12 months after issuance for an exercise
price per share equal to 1.25 times the average of the closing prices of the 3 trading days preceding the draw down, and the B Warrants
exercisable at any time between 6 and 24 months after issuance for an exercise price per share equal to 1.5 times the average of the
closing prices of the 3 trading days preceding the draw down, and that the number of each of the A Warrants and the B Warrants issued
will be equal to the draw down amount divided by the average of the closing prices of the 3 trading days preceding the draw down, and
that these amended terms will apply in respect of all draw downs, including drawdowns made prior to the date of the amendment. On April
12, 2021, the parties to the CL Agreement amended the agreement, so that (i) the annual interest on the Notes should be changed to an
nine percent (9 applicable from January 1, 2021, (ii) the Company shall repay the loans at the time it consummates an investment of
at least 5 million in the Company s securities, and (iii) the exercise prices of each of the A Warrants and B Warrants be modified
to 0.10 per share and the term of the warrants be extended by one (1) year for the A Warrants and B Warrants. The conversion and exercise
price of these securities as well as the maturity dates of the notes have been adjusted as provided below. 

On
June 24, 2021, the Company received from Citrine 8 LP, a Buyer, a convertible loan of 350,000 made under and pursuant to the CL Agreement.
Citrine agreed to honor a Draw Down Notice for, and advanced to the Company, 350,000, under the terms of the CL Agreement. As provided
for under the terms of the CL Agreement, Citrine 8 LP was also issued 10,500,105 A warrants and 10,500,105 B warrants for shares of common
stock, where the A warrants are exercisable beginning December 24, 2021 through December 24, 2023 and the B warrants, in each case at
a per share exercise price of 0.10. The conversion and exercise price of these securities, the exercise period of the warrants as well
as the maturity dates of the notes have been adjusted as provided below. 

On
August 13, 2021, the Company and the holders of 1,520,000 in principal amount under the CL Agreement as detailed in Note 5A and 5B above,
entered into an additional agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the following terms were effected: 

(i) 
 Extension
 of the maturity date on the Outstanding CL Notes to July 31, 2023, provided, that if the Company consummates prior to maturity an
 investment of at least 5 million of the Company s securities, then the Company shall repay the principal amount and accrued
 interest of the Notes from such proceeds; 

(ii) 
 Amendment
 of the conversion price on the Outstanding CL Notes to a fixed conversion price of 0.10 per share; and 

(iii) 
 Confirming
 the agreement of the holders of the Outstanding CL Notes to honor draw down notice for balance of remainder of the 1,800 originally
 committed to under the CL Agreement (i.e., 280) through March 31, 2022. 

57 

On
January 5, 2022, Citrine 9 LP, one of the Buyer entities (hereinafter Citrine 9 agreed to honor a Draw Down Notice (as
defined in the Convertible Note Agreement) for, and has advanced to the Company, 180,000 on the same terms and conditions as are specified
in the Convertible Note Agreement. The maturity date of the loan is the earlier of July 31, 2023 or at such time as the Company shall
have consummated an investment of at least 5 million in Company securities. The terms of the advances under the Convertible note agreement
were previously disclosed by the Company in Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on each of April 21, April 23, June 12, 2020 and June 24,
2021. The annual interest on the loan continues to be nine percent (9 ). The principal and interest payment on the Note shall be made
in New Israeli Shekels (NIS) at the conversion rate which was in effect on the date on which the loan was advanced.. 

As
provided for under the terms of the Convertible Note Agreement, Citrine 9 will be issued 6,666,667 Series A warrants and 6,666,667 Series
B warrants for shares of common stock, where the Series A warrants are exercisable beginning July 5, 2022 through July 5, 2024 and the
Series B warrants are exercisable beginning July 5, 2022 through July 5, 2025, in each case at an exercise price of 0.5 per share. The
conversion and exercise price of these securities, the exercise period of the warrants as well as the maturity dates of the notes have
been adjusted as provided below 

Additionally,
on January 5, 2022, the Company and the Buyers entered into the Fourth Amendment to the Convertible Note Agreement pursuant to which
the following was agreed to: 

(i) 
 The
 principal and accrued interest on all outstanding loans shall be made in New Israeli Shekels (NIS) at the conversion rate which was
 in effect on the date on which the loan was advanced; 

(ii) 
 The
 conversion price on all outstanding notes under the Convertible Note Agreement has been adjusted to a conversion price of 0.05 per
 share 

(iii) 
 The
 exercise price on all outstanding warrants issued in connection with advances made under the Convertible Note Agreement has been
 adjusted to an exercise price of 0.05 per share. 

On
July 15, 2022, Citrine 9 LP, (hereinafter Citrine 9 ), one of the related entities and a signatory lender (to the Convertible
Note Purchase Agreement entered into by the Company and several related parties (hereinafter the Buyers in April 2020,
as subsequently amended (the CL Agreement agreed to honor a Draw Down Notice for, and has advanced to the Company, 100,000
on the same terms and conditions as are specified in the CL Agreement. The annual interest on the loan continues to be nine percent (9 ).
The principal and interest payments on the Note are due on July 31, 2023 and are to be made in New Israeli Shekels (NIS) at the conversion
rate which was in effect on the date on which the loan was advanced. Citrine 9 was be issued 8,333,333Series A warrants and 8,333,333Series
B warrants for shares of common stock, where the Series A warrants are exercisable beginning January 15, 2023 through July 15, 2024 and
the Series B warrants are exercisable beginning January 15, 2023 through July 15, 2025, in each case at an exercise price of 0.05 per
share On August 9, 2022, the Company s board of directors agreed to extend the maturity date on the loans to October 31, 2023,
subject to approval of Citrine 9, and to extend the exercise period of the warrants through August 9, 2027. The conversion and exercise
price of these securities, the exercise period of the warrants as well as the maturity dates of the notes have been adjusted as provided
below 

On
August 9, 2022 , the board of directors of the Company agreed to the following: 

(A)
The maturity date on all outstanding convertible loans under the CL Agreement was extended to October 31, 2023 (from July 31, 2023),
subject to agreement of the lending entities under the CL Agreement to the extension of such maturity date; and 

(B)
The exercise period on all of the outstanding Series A and Series B warrants issued to date in connection with the convertible loans
was extended to August 9, 2027. 

On
August 9, 2022, the Board agreed to issue to the related entities who advanced an aggregate of 1,170,000 in convertible loans under
the CL Agreement on or before June 15, 2020 warrants for a total 5,589,172 shares of common stock, exercisable through August 9, 2027
at a per share exercise price of 0.05, in replacement of the Series A warrants for an identical number of shares issued in June 2020
in connection with such loans. 

58 

On
September 30, 2022, Citrine Global received a loan from Citrine Hi Tech 7 LP, an Israeli limited partnership and an affiliated
entity (the Lender ), in the principal amount of 80,000. The loans bears interest at 12 per annum and is scheduled to
mature on December 15, 2022. The principal and interest payment on the Note are to be made in New Israeli Shekels (NIS) at the
exchange rate which was in effect on the date on which the loan was advanced. The Lender has the option, upon written notice to the
Company and subject to the Company s consent, to extend the maturity date of the loan (the Maturity Date extension
Notice ). The Lender is to provide the Maturity Date extension Notice by no later than December 5, 2022. In the event that the
Company agrees to such extension, the terms of this Note shall be adjusted on a pro-rata basis, to those terms applicable to
the Company s convertible notes then outstanding under the Convertible Note Agreement, date as of April 1, 2020, as
subsequently amended, amongst the Company and the affiliated parties thereto (of which the Lender is a party). On January 29, 2023,
holder agreed to extend to May 31, 2024 the maturity date of the note and also agreed that upon a public offering of its securities
that the Company may effect in connection with an listing of the Company s stock on a U.S. National Securities Exchange, the
note is automatically convertible into the securities that are the subject matter such offering, in whole or in part, as the Citrine
Global Board may determine. 

On
November 14, 2022, the CL Agreement was amended to provide that until the repayment in full of all outstanding principal and accrued
interest on the Notes issued thereunder and the earlier to occur of the exercise in totality of the Warrants issued in connection
with the Notes or their termination by the terms thereof, if the Company issues securities in any financing transaction, including debt
convertible into equity, in any equity and/or debt offering or other transaction (the Future Financing and
said securities contain any terms that are more favorable than the terms and provisions contained in the outstanding Notes and/or Warrants
under the CL Agreement, including without limitation, an effective per share price which is lower than the then effective Conversion
Price applicable to the Notes or the Exercise Price of the Warrants, then the Company shall, at the request of a majority of the Buyers,
enter into amendments to the Notes and/or Warrants, as applicable, to provide for the same more favorable terms and provisions. 

On
January 29, 2023, the CL Agreement was further amended to extend to May 31, 2024 the maturity date thereof. The amendment also provides
that upon a public offering of its securities that the Company may effect in connection with an listing of the Company s stock
on a U.S. National Securities Exchange, the note is automatically convertible into the securities that are the subject matter such offering,
in whole or in part, as the Citrine Global Board may determine. 

Agreements
with Intelicanna 

Ilanit
Halperin, a director and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, is also the Chief Financial Officer of Intelicanna. Doron Birger,
a director of ours, is the chairman of the board of directors of Intelicanna Ltd. Intelicanna effective April 2021. In
addition, Ora Elharar Soffer, is a shareholder in Intelicanna. 

On
May 31, 2020, we entered into a strategic partnership with Intelicanna via a share exchange agreement and an agreement for future issuance
of shares. Furthermore, on June 25, 2020, the Citrine Global Israel has entered into a services agreement with Intelicanna to provide
business development and consulting services to Intelicanna, including assistance with raising financing. Also on June 25, 2020, to assist
Intelicanna to raise the first NIS 1 million towards the up to NIS 15 million mentioned in the Services Agreement, the Company and the
Israeli Subsidiary entered into an agreement to grant Intelicanna NIS 1 million in cash (approximately USD 290 thousand) in direct financing
for working capital purposes. On July 9, 2020, we transferred to Intelicanna NIS 500 thousand (approximately 145 thousand) on account
of the above loan. In March 2021, Intelicanna repaid the loan with the 12 annual interest. On September 17, 2020 we issued to Intelicanna
2,143,470 shares of common stock in exchange for 619,589 of Intelicanna s ordinary shares. Between August 3 9, 2021, we
sold to an unrelated third party in an off market transaction 619,589 ordinary shares of Intelicanna for aggregate gross proceeds to
the Company of 1,260,611 NIS (approximately 378,562 based on the current exchange rate). Following the sale, the Company no longer holds
any Intelicanna shares. As previously disclosed, the Company obtained the Intelicanna shares in a share exchange agreement entered into
with Intelicanna in September 2020. The Company s decision to sell the Intelicanna shares was taken, in part, to avoid being subject
to the terms of the Investment Company Act of 1940. In addition, on May 31, 2020, we entered into an agreement with Intelicanna for future
issuance of shares. The agreement for future issuance of shares provides that a fall in a share price of a party, not exceeding 20 ,
measured six months after issuance of shares by both parties pursuant to a separate share exchange agreement, will be offset by the issuance
of additional shares to the other party to bring up to 500 thousand the total value of the shares issued to the other party. On August
15, 2021, the Company s board of directors determined that it is required to issue to Intelicanna 535,867 shares of the Company s
common stock and has authorized the issuance of such shares to Intelicanna. 

59 

Share
Purchase Agreement with Nanomedic 

On
June 22, 2020, we entered into a share purchase agreement with Nanomedic as part of an A-1 funding round open only to existing Nanomedic
shareholders and their affiliates. Our CEO and Chairperson is a director and shareholder in Nanomedic. We paid 450,000 for A-1 preferred
shares of Nanomedic and also received warrants to purchase A-1 preferred shares. Such investment represents a holding of approximately
3.3 in Nanomedic. The round raised approximately 2.2 million in total. Citrine S A L Group were already beneficial shareholders of
Nanomedic immediately prior to the A-1 funding round. Ilan Ben-Ishay, a director of the Company was already a beneficial shareholder
of Nanomedic immediately prior to the A-1 funding round. Ora Elharar Soffer, our chairperson and CEO, was already a director of both
Nanomedic and its Israeli parent company, Nicast Ltd. immediately prior to the A-1 funding round, and she was also already a beneficial
shareholder of Nanomedic immediately prior to the A-1 funding round. 

iBOT
Israel Botanicals Ltd 

On
August 4, 2020, the Board of the Company approved for the Company and Citrine Global Israel to proceed with preparations for investing
in iBOT. Our CEO and Chairperson, Ora Elharar Soffer, and, Ilan Ben-Ishay are directors in iBOT and Citrine SAL, one of our principal
shareholders, is a principal shareholder in iBOT. iBOT has a manufacturing facility for a wide range of botanical formulations, and part
of its strategy is to combine this with hemp and CBD. The Board gave its approval, subject to agreement of definitive terms and receipt
of all necessary corporate and other approvals, for a proposed transaction in which (1) the Company would have an option to make one
or more investments during a period of 12 months in an aggregate amount of up to 1 million; (2) the investments may be through loans,
direct equity purchases, or other means, and would be based on milestones. In addition, the Board approved for the Company to proceed
with preparations for entering a services agreement with iBOT pursuant to which the Company would provide consulting and other services
to iBOT. Ms. Elharar Soffer, our chairperson, CEO and President and Mr. Ilan Ben Ishay, a director in Cannovation, are also directors
in iBOT. 

On
November, 2021, the Company, Cannovation Center Israel and CTGL Citrine Global Israel Ltd., on the one hand (collectively the
 Citrine Global Group ), and iBOT, on the other hand, entered into an Exclusive Strategic Collaboration and Alliance Agreement
(the Exclusive Rights Agreement pursuant to which iBOT granted to the Citrine Global Group, jointly and individually,
exclusive world-wide rights, solely with respect to the cannabis market, to iBOT s botanical formulas and nutritional supplements,
including, the development, manufacture, distribution and sale of such products. The exclusive rights include the right of any of the
Citrine Global Group to grant rights thereunder to third parties so long as such third parties shall agree to be bound by terms consistent
with those contained in this Agreement. In consideration of the grant of the rights under the Exclusive Rights Agreement, Citrine Global
Group granted to iBOT the exclusive right to manufacture in State of Israel (consistent with the terms of the Manufacturing Agreement)
the botanical products. In addition, so long as iBOT is in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, in the event that the Citrine
Global Group determines to manufacture botanical products outside of Israel, then iBOT is to be afforded the opportunity to perform such
manufacturing for the Citrine Group at iBOT s facility in Israel provided that iBOT complies with all of the terms and conditions
relating to such manufacturing project, including the price per unit, delivery schedules, packaging requirements regulation and other
relevant terms. 

In
November 2021, iBOT granted to Citrine Global Group a pre-emption right to any equity or equity linked securities that iBOT proposes
to issue to an unrelated third party with aggregate gross proceeds to the Company exceeding 1 million or which will result in a change
in control in iBOT following such issuance, then iBOT is to give to the Citrine Global Group written notice of such proposed issuance
and the relevant terms thereof and the Citrine Global Group shall have ten (10) days thereafter to determine if it elects to purchase
a minimum of 51 of the proposed issuance on the price and other terms specified in the notice sent by iBOT (the Pre-Emption Right ).
If the Citrine Global Group elects to exercise the Pre-Emption Right, such purchase is to take place at no more than 90 days following
the expiration of the 10 day notice period to the Citrine Global Group. Any iBOT securities of the Pre-Emption Right that Citrine Global
Group elects to not purchase are to be sold by not later than 90 days following the end of the Citrine Global Group s notice period
and if such shares are not sold to such third party within the 90 day period, the Pre-Emption right shall apply to any subsequent proposed
issuance. The preemption right does not apply to certain specified exceptions. 

60 

In
November 2022 iBOT agreed to extend to March 31, 2023 the pre-emption right previously granted to the Citrine Global Group with respect
to any equity or equity linked securities that iBOT proposes to issue to an unrelated third party with aggregate gross proceeds to iBOT
exceeding 1 million or which will result 51 in a change in control in iBOT following such issuance. 

On
March 19, 2023, iBOT agreed to further extend to December 31, 2023 the pre-emption right previously granted to the Citrine Global
Group with respect to any equity or equity linked securities that iBOT proposes to issue to an unrelated third party with aggregate
gross proceeds to iBOT exceeding 1 million or which will result 51 in a change in control in iBOT following such
issuance 

Compensation
Arrangements with Officers and Directors 

On
August 15, 2021, the Company s board of directors increased the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 Stock Incentive
Plan to 90,000,000 shares of common stock thereunder and recommended to the Company shareholders to approve the increase in the pool
to. The Board also determined to grant to each of Ilanit Halperin and David Kretzmer, directors of the Company, a grant of options to
purchase 9,425,680 shares of common stock, and Doron Birger, a Company director, options to purchase 2,365,420 shares, in each case at
per share exercise price of 0.05, provided, that such grant is subject to approval by the shareholders of the increase in the plan pool.
The options vest over a two year period, in eight (8) equal installments, with the first instalment vesting on the third month anniversary
of each individual s start date and each further instalment on each subsequent third month anniversary, where the start date is,
in the case of Ilanit Halperin February 27, 2020, in the case of Doron Birger September 20, 2020 and in the case of David Kretzmer is
March 1, 2021, subject to such individual s continued service with the Company. See below for additional options awarded in August
2022 

On
August 15, 2021, the board awarded a bonus to the Company s Chairperson of the Board, CEO, CFO, officers, directors and senior
management equal to two percent (2 of any capital raise, subject to prior repayment of the outstanding convertible loans and so long
as the payment thereof would be part of the Company s operating budget for a minimum period of 18 months. In addition, the Board
agreed to a bonus Company s Chairperson of the Board, CEO, CFO, officers, directors and senior management of 2 from operating
profits which will become payable upon the fulfillment of certain specified targets that the Board will establish, subject to prior repayment
of the outstanding convertible loans and so long as the payment thereof is from available funds and would be part of the Company s
operating budget for a minimum period of 18 months. 

On
August 15, 2021, the board of directors of Cannovation Center Israel adjusted the compensation of the founder and chairperson, Ora Elharar
Soffer, to 10,000 per month, and that of the chief financial officer, Ilanit Halperin, to 4,000 per month, and that of Ilan Ben-Ishay
and David Kretzmer, directors, to 2,000 per month, in each case retroactive to July 1, 2021. These amounts would be paid at such time
as they shall become due and payable from and as Cannovation Center Israel shall have available funds therefor. 

On
August 9, 2022, the Company s Board determined to increase the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 Stock Incentive
Plan (the 2018 Plan by 90 million shares to a total of 180,000,000 shares of common stock thereunder and on August 12,
2022 the Company shareholders approved the same. On August 9, 2022, the Company s board of directors determined to increase the number
of shares reserved for issuance under the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2018 Plan by 90 million shares to a total of
180,000,000 shares of common stock thereunder and on August 12, 2022 the Company shareholders approved the same. 

On
August 9, 2022, the Board also determined to grant to the directors and officers set forth below options under the 2018 Plan. The options
vest over a three year period, in twelve (12) equal installments, with the first instalment vesting on the third month anniversary of
the date of grant and each further instalment on each subsequent third month anniversary, subject to such individual s continued
service with the Company. In the event of a change in control, the vesting schedule is accelerated and all unvested options vest. 

Director/Officer 
 Number of Options 
 
 Ora Elharar Soffer (Chairperson, CEO) 
 47,128,400 
 
 Ilanit Halperin (Director, CFO) 
 18,851,360 
 
 Ben Ishay (Director) 
 18,851,360 
 
 Doron Birger (Director) 
 2,356,420 
 
 David Kretzmer 
 2,356,420 

61 

The
options have an exercise price of 0.020 per share except for those awarded to Ms. Elharar Soffer which have an exercise price per share
of 0.022. The other terms relating to the options grants
are included in stock option agreements under the 2018 Plan. Amongst other things, the stock option agreements for selected service providers
of Citrine Global, including our directors and officers, provide that the exercise price of the options that were awarded to date, shall
remain unaffected by the implementation of a reverse stock split that the Company may implement; to avoid any doubt, such reverse stock
split shall apply to the number of options shares issuable under such options. All other relevant terms of such shall continue in full
force and effect and are such reverse stock split. Any and all tax implications rest solely with the optionee and not the Company. 

On
November 13, 2022, the board of directors ratified the Stock Option Agreements for the previously disclosed stock options grants that
were awarded in each of August 2021 and in August 2022 to service providers, including our officers and directors. With respect to selected
optionee service providers to Citrine Global, including our directors and officers, the relevant stock option agreements provide that
the exercise price of the options that were awarded to date , which include our officers and directors, shall remain unaffected by the
implementation of a reverse stock split that the Company may implement; to avoid any doubt, such reverse stock split shall apply to the
number of options shares issuable under such options and all other relevant terms of such options (other than the exercise price) shall
continue in full force and effect following the implementation of such reverse stock split. Any and all tax implication of this decision
shall rest solely with the optionee. In addition, on March 5, 2023, the board of directors provided that in the event that the Company s
stock is listed on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange, then one half of the awarded option will immediately vest. 

Director
Independence 

The
Company s board of directors has determined that each of Doron Birger, David Kretzmer, Dror Shaked and David Freidenberg is an
 independent director as such term is defined by Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Principal
Accounting Fees and Services 

The following table presents the fees for professional services rendered
by our accountant, Somekh Chaikin, a member firm of KPMG International, independent registered public accounting firm, located in Tel
Aviv, Israel, PCAOB ID 1057, for the two years ended December 31, 2022. 

2022 
 2021 

in thousands) 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 95 
 85 
 
 Audit-related fees (2) 
 
 - 
 
 Tax fees (3) 
 5 
 5 
 
 All other fees 
 
 - 
 
 Total: 
 100 
 90 

(1) 
 Audit
 fees consist of audit and review services, consents and review of documents filed with the SEC. The fee for 2022 also includes
 services rendered in connection with the re-audit of the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

(2) 
 Audit-related
 fees consist of assistance and discussion concerning financial accounting and reporting standards and other accounting issues. 

(3) 
 Tax
 fees consist of preparation of federal and state tax returns, review of quarterly estimated tax payments, and consultation concerning
 tax compliance issues. 

62 

PART
I V 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Documents filed as part of this report 

(1) Financial Statements 

The
 Consolidated Financial Statements filed as part of this annual report are identified in
the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 hereto. 

(2) Financial Statements Schedules 

Financial
Statement Schedules have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the financial
statements or notes thereto. 

(3) Exhibits 

The
 following documents are filed as exhibits to this report on Form 10-K or incorporated by
reference herein. Any document incorporated by reference is identified by a parenthetical reference to the SEC filing that included such
document. 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 First Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, effective as of January 9, 2019 (incorporated by reference to the annual report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on March 28, 2019). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, effective as of November 2018 (incorporated by reference to the annual report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on March 28, 2019). 

4.1 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities 

4.2 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note Dated June 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the annual report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on April 8, 2022) 

4.3 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note Dated December 28, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the annual report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on April 8, 2022) 

10.1+ 
 
 2017 Employee Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from our Form 10-K filed April 2, 2018). 

10.2+ 
 
 Form of Stock Option Award Letter under the 2017 Employee Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from our Form 10-K filed April 2, 2018). 

10.3+ 
 
 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the annual report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on March 28, 2019). 

10.4 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Novomic Ltd. and Traistman Radziejewski Fundacja Ltd. dated January 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on January 9, 2020). 

63 

10.5 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Citrine S A L Investment Holdings Ltd. and others dated January 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on January 9, 2020). 

10.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Common Stock Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Citrine S A L Investment Holdings Ltd. and others dated February 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 27, 2020). 

10.7 
 
 Convertible Note Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Citrine S A L Investment Holdings Ltd. and others dated April 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 2, 2020). 

10.8 
 
 Form of Amendment 1 to Convertible Note Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Citrine S A L Investment Holdings Ltd. and others dated June 12, 2020 (Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants) (incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 12, 2020). 

10.9 
 
 Form of Amendment 2 to Convertible Note Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Citrine S A L Investment Holdings Ltd. and others dated April 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the annual report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on April 15, 2021). 

10.10 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement between the Registrant and Intelicanna Ltd., dated May 31, 2020 (Hebrew version) (incorporated by reference to the annual report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on April 15, 2021). 

10.11 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and Nanomedic Technologies Ltd., dated June 22, 2020 (incorporated by reference to the annual report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on April 15, 2021). 

10.12 
 
 Loan Agreement between the Registrant, CTGL Citrine Global Israel Ltd. and Intelicanna Ltd., dated June 25, 2020 (Hebrew version) (incorporated by reference to the annual report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on April 15, 2021). 

10.13+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement between the Registrant and Ora Elharar Soffer, dated July 2020 (incorporated by reference to the annual report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on April 15, 2021). 

10.14+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement between the Registrant and Ilanit Halperin, dated July 2020 (incorporated by reference to the annual report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on April 15, 2021). 

10.15+ 
 
 Consulting Agreement between the Registrant and Ilan Ben-Ishay, dated July 2020 (incorporated by reference to the annual report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on April 15, 2021). 

10.16 
 
 Third Amendment to Convertible Note Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Citrine S A L Investment Holdings Ltd. and others dated August 13, 2021(incorporated by reference to the annual report on Form 10-K filed by the Company on April 8, 2022) 

10.17 
 
 Share Purchase and Option Agreement dated as of December 30, 2022 by and among Citrine Global Corp., MyPlant Bio Ltd., Cannasoul Analytics Ltd., and PurPlant Inc. and Professor Dedi Meiri (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement filed on January 30, 2023) 

10.18 
 
 Agreement dated as of January 29, 2023 between Citrine Global Corp. and Citrine High Tech 7 LP (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement filed on January 30, 2023) 

64 

10.19 
 
 Agreement dated as of January 29, 2023 between Citrine Global Corp. and Citrine 8 LP (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement filed on January 30, 2023) 

10.20 

Agreement dated as of January 29, 2023 between Citrine Global Corp. and Citrine 9 LP (incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement filed on January 30, 2023) 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company on June 28, 2022) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Somekh Chaikin, a member firm of KPMG International, independent registered public accounting
firm. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of chief executive officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of chief financial officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of chief executive officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of chief financial officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101 
 
 Financial
 information from Citrine Global Corp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in iXBRL (Inline
 eXtensible Business Reporting Language). 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

+ 
 Management
 contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

Filed
 herewith 

Furnished
 herewith 

ITEM
16. SUMMARY 

Not
 Applicable . 

65 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant
has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned. 

Citrine
 Global, Corp. 

By: 
 /s/
 Ora Elharar Soffer 

Ora
 Elharar Soffer 

Chair
 of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Ilanit Halperin 

Ilanit
 Halperin 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Ora Elharar Soffer 
 
 Chair
 of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March
 22, 2023 
 
 Ora
 Elharar Soffer 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Ilanit Halperin 
 
 Director
 and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March
 22, 2023 
 
 Ilanit
 Halperin 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Doron Birger 
 
 Director 
 
 March 22, 2023 
 
 Doron
 Birger 

/s/
 David Kretzmer 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 22, 2023 
 
 David
 Kretzmer 

66 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

General 

We
are currently authorized to issue up to 1,500,000,000 shares of Common Stock and as of the date of this Annual Report 956,479,039 shares of common stock are outstanding. All of our
issued and outstanding shares have been validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. 

Our
bylaws permit the board of directors to issue the whole or any part of any unissued balance of the authorized capital stock. Our certificate
of incorporation permits us to increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of Common Stock by the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the stock of the Company entitled to vote. 

Common
Stock 

Voting
Rights 

Holders
of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Holders of our
Common Stock have no cumulative voting rights. Further, holders of our Common Stock have no preemptive, conversion, redemption or subscription
rights and there are no sinking fund provisions applicable to our Common Stock. 

Liquidation
Rights 

In
the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of our Common Stock have the right under Section 281 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law to a ratable portion of assets remaining after satisfaction in full of the prior rights of our creditors, all
liabilities and the total liquidation preferences of any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 

Dividends 

Subject
to preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding shares of preferred stock, holders of our Common Stock are entitled to receive
dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors, or board, out of our assets which are legally available. 

Preferred
Stock 

Warrants
and Options 

options
 to purchase 45,511,888 shares of our Common Stock, at a weighted average exercise price of 0.05 per share; and 

warrants
 to purchase 23,628,962 shares of our Common Stock, at a weighted average exercise price of 0.05 per share. 

Convertible
Promissory Notes 

In
the last three years, we issued convertible promissory notes in an aggregate principal amount of 1,700,000 in a series of convertible
loan agreements. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions 

The
provisions of Delaware law, our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws may have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging
another person from acquiring control of the Company. These provisions, which are summarized below, may have the effect of discouraging
takeover bids. They are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board
of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited
acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us because negotiation of these proposals could result in an
improvement of their terms. 

Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaw Provisions 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws include a number of provisions that could deter
hostile takeovers or delay or prevent changes in control of our management team, including the following: 

Board
 of directors vacancies. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that vacancies on the board of directors may be filled
 only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, irrespective of whether there is a quorum, or by a sole
 remaining director. Additionally, the number of directors to serve on our board of directors is fixed solely and exclusively by resolution
 duly adopted by our board of directors. This would prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our board of directors and then
 gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. This makes it more difficult
 to change the composition of our board of directors but promotes continuity of management. 

Special
 meetings of stockholders. Our Certificate of Incorporation currently provides that special meetings of our stockholders may be
 called by the board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors
 then in office, and special meetings of stockholders may not be called by any other person or persons. 

No
 cumulative voting . The Delaware General Corporation Law provides that stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate
 votes in the election of directors unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our amended and
 restated certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting. 

Amendment
 of charter provisions . Any amendment of our Certificate of Incorporation requires the affirmative vote of the majority of the
 outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote on such amendment, and the affirmative vote of the majority of the outstanding
 shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class. Amendments to the Bylaws may be executed pursuant to a resolution by the
 board of directors pursuant to an affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, or by the affirmative vote of at
 least 75 of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote. 

Issuance
 of undesignated preferred stock . Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue
 up to 50,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time
 to time by our board of directors. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock, which may be converted into
 large numbers of shares of Common Stock, would enable our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt
 to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or other means. 

Delaware
 Business Combination Statute . The Company is subject to the business combination provisions of Section 203 of the
 Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business
 combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date such person becomes an interested stockholder,
 unless the business combination or the transaction in which such person becomes an interested stockholder is approved in a prescribed
 manner. Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in
 a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Generally, an interested stockholder is a person that, together
 with affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status did own,
 15 or more of a corporation s voting stock. The existence of this provision may have an anti-takeover effect with respect
 to transactions not approved in advance by our board of directors, and the anti-takeover effect includes discouraging attempts that
 might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of our Common Stock. 

Exclusive
 forum . Unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
 is the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim
 of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action
 asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate
 of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs
 doctrine. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds
 favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our
 directors, officers and other employees. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Worldwide Stock Transfer, LLC, with a mailing address of One University Plaza, Suite
505, Hackensack, NJ 07601, and a facsimile number of (201) 820-2010, 

Listing 

Our
Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol CTGL. We have applied to list our Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital
Market. No assurance can be given that our application will be approved or that a trading market will develop. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (No. 333-230-580) on Form S-8 of our report dated March 22, 2023 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of
Citrine Global Corp. 

/s/
 Somekh Chaikin 

Somekh
 Chaikin 

Member
 Firm of KPMG International 

March
 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Citrine
Global, Corp. 

 Certification
Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Ora Elharar Soffer, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Citrine Global, Corp.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/
 Ora Elharar Soffer 

Ora
 Elharar Soffer, Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Citrine
Global, Corp. 

 Certification
Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Ilanit Halperin, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Citrine Global, Corp.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/
 Ilanit Halperin 

Ilanit
 Halperin, Chief Financial Officer 

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Ora Elharar Soffer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that the annual report of Citrine Global, Corp. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such annual report on Form 10-K fairly
presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Citrine Global Corp. as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2021. This written statement is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit accompanying such
annual report and shall not be deemed filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

By: 
 /s/
 Ora Elharar Soffer 

Ora
 Elharar Soffer, Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Ilanit Halperin, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
the annual report of Citrine Global, Corp. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such annual report on Form 10-K fairly
presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Citrine Global, Corp. as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2021. This written statement is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit accompanying such
annual report and shall not be deemed filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

By: 
 /s/
 Ilanit Halperin 

Ilanit
 Halperin, Chief Financial Officer 

Date: 
 March
 22, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 ctgl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 ctgl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 ctgl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 ctgl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

