<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_1618756_0001618756-23-000013.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18803046</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>736669</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3029009</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6871647</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4153535</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3660607</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>19</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001618756-23-000013.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222155733
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001618756-23-000013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		146
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Restaurant Brands International Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001618756
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			Z4
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36786
		FILM NUMBER:		23652979

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		130 KING STREET WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			TORONTO
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			M5X 1E1
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(905) 845-6511

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		130 KING STREET WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			TORONTO
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			M5X 1E1

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	9060669 Canada Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141028

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	1011773 B.C. Unlimited Liability Co
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140905

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001618756-23-000013.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 qsr-20221231.htm
 10-K

qsr-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered Toronto Stock Exchange 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, computed by reference to the closing price for such stock on the New York Stock Exchange on such date, was . 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common shares as of February 14, 2023 was shares. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Table of Contents 

 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 2022 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 Item 2. Properties 
 23 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 
 23 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 26 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 45 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 99 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 99 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 99 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 100 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 100 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 100 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 100 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 100 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 100 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 101 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 108 
 
 Tim Hortons and Timbits are trademarks of Tim Hortons Canadian IP Holdings Corporation. Burger King and BK are trademarks of Burger King Company LLC. Popeyes , Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen and Popeyes Chicken Biscuits are trademarks of Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. Firehouse Subs is a trademark of FRG, LLC. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to we , us , our and Company refer to Restaurant Brands International Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Explanatory Note 
 We are the sole general partner of Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership Partnership ), which is the indirect parent of The TDL Group Corp. Tim Hortons ), Burger King Company LLC Burger King ), Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. Popeyes and FRG, LLC Firehouse Subs ). As a result of our controlling interest, we consolidate the financial results of Partnership and record a noncontrolling interest for the portion of Partnership we do not own in our consolidated financial statements. Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests on the consolidated statements of operations presents the portion of earnings or loss attributable to the economic interest in Partnership owned by the holders of the noncontrolling interests. As sole general partner, we manage all of Partnership s operations and activities in accordance with the partnership agreement of Partnership (the partnership agreement ). We have established a conflicts committee composed entirely of independent directors (as such term is defined in the partnership agreement) in order to consent to, approve or direct various enumerated actions on behalf of the Company (in its capacity as the general partner of Partnership) in accordance with the terms of the partnership agreement. 
 Pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), we are a successor issuer to Burger King Worldwide, Inc. Our common shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange and the Toronto Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol QSR . In addition, the Class B exchangeable limited partnership units of Partnership (the Partnership exchangeable units are deemed to be registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act, and Partnership is subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The Partnership exchangeable units trade on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol QSP . 
 Each of the Company and Partnership is a reporting issuer in each of the provinces and territories of Canada and, as a result, is subject to Canadian continuous disclosure and other reporting obligations under applicable Canadian securities laws. This Annual Report on Form 10-K constitutes the Company s Annual Information Form for purposes of its Canadian continuous disclosure obligations under National Instrument 51-102 Continuous Disclosure Obligations NI 51-102 ). Pursuant to an application for exemptive relief made in accordance with National Policy 11-203 Process for Exemptive Relief Applications in Multiple Jurisdictions, Partnership has received exemptive relief dated October 31, 2014 from the Canadian securities regulators. This exemptive relief exempts Partnership from the continuous disclosure requirements of NI 51-102, effectively allowing Partnership to satisfy its Canadian continuous disclosure obligations by relying on the Canadian continuous disclosure documents filed by the Company, for so long as certain conditions are satisfied. Among these conditions is a requirement that Partnership concurrently send to all holders of the Partnership exchangeable units all disclosure materials that the Company sends to its shareholders and a requirement that Partnership separately report all material changes in respect of Partnership that are not also material changes in respect of the Company. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to RBI , the Company , we , us or our are to Restaurant Brands International Inc. and its subsidiaries, collectively and all references in this section to Partnership are to Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership and its subsidiaries, collectively. 
 All references to or dollars in this report are to the currency of the United States unless otherwise indicated. All references to Canadian dollars or C are to the currency of Canada unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Company Overview 
 We are a Canadian corporation that serves as the indirect holding company for Tim Hortons, Burger King, Popeyes and Firehouse Subs and their consolidated subsidiaries. We are one of the world s largest quick service restaurant QSR companies with over 35 billion in annual system-wide sales and approximately 30,000 restaurants in more than 100 countries as of December 31, 2022. Our Tim Hortons , Burger King , Popeyes and Firehouse Subs brands have similar franchise business models with complementary daypart mixes and product platforms. Our four iconic brands are managed independently while benefiting from global scale and sharing of best practices. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 100 of total restaurants for each of our brands was franchised and references to "our restaurants" or "system-wide restaurants" include franchised restaurants and those owned by us ("Company restaurants"). 
 Our business generates revenues from the following sources: (i) sales, consisting primarily of supply chain sales, which represent sales of products, supplies and restaurant equipment to franchisees, as well as sales to retailers and sales at Company restaurants; (ii) franchise revenues, consisting primarily of royalties based on a percentage of sales reported by franchise restaurants and franchise fees paid by franchisees; (iii) property revenues from properties we lease or sublease to franchisees; and (iv) advertising revenues and other services, consisting primarily of advertising fund contributions based on a percentage of sales reported by franchise restaurants. 
 Our Tim Hortons Brand 
 Founded in 1964, TH is one of the largest donut/coffee/tea restaurant chains in North America and the largest in Canada as measured by total number of restaurants. As of December 31, 2022, we owned or franchised a total of 5,600 TH restaurants. TH restaurants are quick service restaurants with a menu that includes premium blend coffee, tea, espresso-based hot and cold specialty drinks, fresh baked goods, including donuts, Timbits , bagels, muffins, cookies and pastries, grilled paninis, classic sandwiches, wraps, soups and more. 
 Our Burger King Brand 
 Founded in 1954, Burger King BK is the world s second largest fast food hamburger restaurant chain as measured by total number of restaurants. As of December 31, 2022, we owned or franchised a total of 19,789 BK restaurants in more than 100 countries. BK restaurants are quick service restaurants that feature flame-grilled hamburgers, chicken and other specialty sandwiches, french fries, soft drinks and other food items. 
 Our Popeyes Brand 
 Founded in 1972, Popeyes PLK is the world s second largest quick service chicken concept as measured by total number of restaurants. As of December 31, 2022, we owned or franchised a total of 4,091 PLK restaurants. PLK restaurants are quick service restaurants that distinguish themselves with a unique Louisiana style menu featuring fried chicken, chicken tenders, fried shrimp and other seafood, red beans and rice and other regional items. 
 Our Firehouse Subs Brand 
 Founded in 1994, Firehouse Subs FHS is a brand built on decades of culture rooted in public service and a leading player in the QSR sandwich category in North America. As of December 31, 2022, we owned or franchised a total of 1,242 FHS restaurants. FHS restaurants are quick service restaurants featuring hot and hearty subs piled high with quality meats and cheese as well as chopped salads, chili and soups, signature and other sides, soft drinks and local specialties. 
 Our Business Strategy 
 We believe that we have created a financially strong company built upon a foundation of four thriving, independent brands with significant global growth potential and the opportunity to be one of the most efficient franchised QSR operators in the world through our focus on the following strategies: 
 
 accelerating net restaurant growth; 
 enhancing guest service and experience at our restaurants through comprehensive training, improved restaurant operations, reimaged restaurants and appealing menu options; 
 increasing restaurant sales and profitability which are critical to the success of our franchise partners and our ability to grow our brands around the world; 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 strengthening drive thru and delivery channels to provide guests convenient access to our product offerings; 
 utilizing technological and digital initiatives, including loyalty programs, to interact with our guests and modernize the operations of our restaurants; 
 efficiently managing costs and sharing best practices; and 
 preserving the rich heritage of each of our brands by managing them and their respective franchisee relationships independently and continuing to play a prominent role in local communities. 
 Operating Segments 
 Our business consists of four operating segments, which are also our reportable segments: (1) TH; (2) BK; (3) PLK; and (4) FHS. Additional financial information about our reportable segments can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 18, Segment Reporting and Geographic Information, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Restaurant Development 
 As part of our development approach for our brands in the U.S., we have granted limited development rights in specific areas to franchisees in connection with area development agreements. We expect to enter into similar arrangements in 2023 and beyond. In Canada, we have not granted exclusive or protected areas to BK or TH franchisees, with limited exceptions. 
 As part of our international growth strategy for our BK, TH and PLK brands, we have established master franchise and development agreements in a number of markets, and we expect to enter into similar arrangements for FHS. We have also created strategic master franchise joint ventures in which we received a meaningful minority equity stake in each joint venture. We will continue to evaluate opportunities to accelerate international development of all of our brands, including through the establishment of master franchises with exclusive development rights and joint ventures with new and existing franchisees. 
 Advertising and Promotions 
 In general, franchisees fund substantially all of the marketing programs for each of our brands by making contributions ranging from 2.0 to 5.0 of gross sales to advertising funds managed by us or by the franchisees. Advertising contributions are used to pay for expenses relating to marketing, advertising and promotion, including market research, production, advertising costs, sales promotions, social media campaigns, technology initiatives and other support functions for the respective brands. In 2021, we spent C 80 million to support TH Canada advertising expenses and in September 2022, we announced our intention to pay 120 million of BK US advertising expenses over approximately two years. 
 We manage the advertising funds for each of our brands in the U.S. and Canada. While we manage the advertising funds in select markets for BK and PLK, in most international markets, including the markets managed by master franchisees, franchisees make contributions into franchisee-managed advertising funds. As part of our global marketing strategy, we provide franchisees with advertising support and guidance in order to deliver a consistent global brand message. 
 Product Development 
 New product development is a key driver of the long-term success of our brands. We believe the development of new products can drive traffic by expanding our customer base, allowing restaurants to expand into new dayparts, and continuing to build brand leadership in food quality and taste. Based on guest feedback, we drive product innovation in order to satisfy the needs of our guests around the world. This strategy will continue to be a focus in 2023 and beyond. 
 Operations Support 
 Our operations strategy is designed to deliver best-in-class restaurant operations by our franchisees and to improve friendliness, cleanliness, speed of service and overall guest satisfaction. Each of our brands has uniform operating standards and specifications relating to product quality, cleanliness and maintenance of the premises. In addition, our restaurants are required to be operated in accordance with quality assurance and health standards that each brand has established, as well as standards set by applicable governmental laws and regulations, including applicable local, provincial and state laws regarding COVID-19 and applicable health authority guidelines. Each franchisee typically participates in initial and ongoing training programs to learn all aspects of operating a restaurant in accordance with each brand s operating standards. 
 Manufacturing, Supply and Distribution 
 In general, we approve the manufacturers of the food, packaging, equipment and other products used in restaurants for each of our brands. We have a comprehensive supplier approval process, which requires all food and packaging products to pass our quality standards and the suppliers manufacturing process and facilities to pass on-site food safety inspections. Our franchisees are required to purchase substantially all food and other products from approved suppliers and distributors. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 TH products are sourced from a combination of third-party suppliers and our own manufacturing facilities. To protect our proprietary blends, we operate two coffee roasting facilities in Ancaster, Ontario and Rochester, New York, where we roast the majority of the coffee for our TH restaurants and blend the beans for our take home, packaged coffee. Our fondant and fills manufacturing facility in Oakville, Ontario produces, and is the primary supplier of, the ready-to-use glaze, fondants, fills and syrups which are used in a number of TH products in North America. As of December 31, 2022, we typically have only one or a few suppliers to service each category of products sold at our restaurants. 
 We sell most raw materials and supplies, including coffee, sugar, paper goods and other restaurant supplies, to TH restaurants in Canada and the U.S. We purchase those raw materials from multiple suppliers and generally have alternative sources of supply for each. While we have multiple suppliers for coffee from various coffee-producing regions, the available supply and price for high-quality coffee beans can fluctuate dramatically. Accordingly, we monitor world market conditions for green (unroasted) coffee and contract for future supply volumes to obtain expected requirements of high-quality coffee beans at acceptable prices. 
 Our TH business has significant supply chain operations, including procurement, warehousing and distribution, to supply paper, dry goods, frozen goods and refrigerated products to a substantial majority of our Canadian restaurants. We act as a distributor to TH restaurants in Canada through nine distribution centers located in Canada, of which five are company-owned. We own or lease a significant number of trucks and trailers that regularly deliver to most of our Canadian restaurants. In the U.S., we supply similar products to restaurants through third-party distributors. 
 All of the products used in our BK, PLK and FHS restaurants are sourced from third-party suppliers. In the U.S. and Canada, there is a purchasing cooperative for each of BK and PLK that negotiates the purchase terms for most equipment, food, beverages (other than branded soft drinks which we negotiate separately under long-term agreements) and other products used in BK and PLK restaurants. The purchasing agent is also authorized to purchase and manage distribution services on behalf of most of the BK and PLK restaurants in the U.S. and Canada. PLK also utilizes exclusive suppliers for certain of its proprietary products. As of December 31, 2022, four distributors serviced approximately 92 of BK restaurants in the U.S., five distributors serviced approximately 85 of PLK restaurants in the U.S. and five distributors serviced approximately 100 of the FHS restaurants in the U.S. Additionally, some suppliers pay us rebates based on items purchased by franchisees. 
 In 2000, Burger King entered into long-term exclusive contracts with The Coca-Cola Company and Dr Pepper/Snapple, Inc. to supply BK restaurants with their products and which obligate restaurants in the U.S. to purchase a specified number of gallons of soft drink syrup. These volume commitments are not subject to any time limit. As of December 31, 2022, we estimate that it will take approximately 5.1 years to complete the Coca-Cola purchase commitment and approximately 8.8 years to complete the Dr Pepper/Snapple, Inc. purchase commitment. If these agreements were terminated, we would be obligated to pay an aggregate amount equal to approximately 268 million as of December 31, 2022 based on an amount per gallon for each gallon of soft drink syrup remaining in the purchase commitments, interest and certain other costs. We have also entered into long-term beverage supply arrangements with certain major beverage vendors for the TH, PLK and FHS brands in the U.S. and Canada. 
 Franchise Agreements and Other Arrangements 
 General. We grant franchisees the right to operate restaurants using our trademarks, trade dress and other intellectual property, uniform operating procedures, consistent quality of products and services and standard procedures for inventory control and management. For each franchise restaurant, we generally enter into a franchise agreement covering a standard set of terms and conditions. Recurring fees consist of periodic royalty and advertising payments. Franchisees report gross sales on a monthly or weekly basis and pay royalties based on gross sales. 
 Franchise agreements are generally not assignable without our consent. In Canada and the U.S., our TH franchise agreements grant us the right to reacquire a restaurant under certain circumstances, and our BK, PLK and FHS franchise agreements generally provide us a right of first refusal if a franchisee proposes to sell a restaurant. Defaults (including non-payment of royalties or advertising contributions, or failure to operate in compliance with our standards) can lead to termination of the franchise agreement . 
 U.S. and Canada. TH franchisees in the U.S. and Canada operate under several types of license agreements, with a typical term for a standard restaurant of 10 years plus renewal period(s) of 10 years in the aggregate for Canada and a typical term of 20 years for the U.S. TH franchisees who lease land and/or buildings from us typically pay a royalty of 3.0 to 4.5 of weekly restaurant gross sales. Our license agreements contemplate a one-time franchise fee which must be paid in full before the restaurant opens for business and upon the grant of an additional term. Under a separate lease or sublease, TH franchisees typically pay monthly rent based on the greater of a fixed monthly payment and contingent rental payments based on a percentage (usually 8.5 to 10.0 of monthly gross sales or flow through monthly rent based on the terms of an underlying lease. Where the franchisee owns the premises, leases it from a third party or enters into a flow through lease with TH, the royalty is typically increased. In addition, the royalty rates under license agreements entered into in connection with non-standard restaurants, including self-serve kiosks and strategic alliances with third parties, may vary from those described above and are negotiated on a case-by-case basis. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 The typical BK and PLK franchise agreement in the U.S. and Canada has a 20-year term and the typical FHS agreement has a 10-year term, all of which contemplate a one-time franchise fee plus an additional fee upon renewal. Subject to the incentive programs described below, most new BK franchise restaurants in the U.S. and Canada pay a royalty on gross sales of 4.5 , most PLK restaurants in the U.S. and Canada pay a royalty on gross sales of 5.0 and most FHS restaurants in the U.S and Canada pay a royalty on gross sales of 6.0 . BK franchise agreements typically provide for a 20-year renewal term, PLK franchise agreements typically provide for two 10-year renewal terms and FHS franchise agreements typically provide for four 5-year renewal terms. In addition, BK and PLK franchisees pay a technology fee on all digital sales through our proprietary technology and FHS franchisees pay an annual per restaurant information system fee. 
 In an effort to improve the image of our BK restaurants in the U.S., we offered U.S. franchisees matching funds with respect to certain restaurant upgrades and remodels. These franchisees can elect to pay an increased royalty rate in order to receive a higher level of matching funds. We plan to continue to offer remodel incentives to U.S. franchisees during 2023. These limited-term incentive programs are expected to negatively impact our cash flow in the early years while in effect but increase the royalty rate for a period following the remodel. However, we expect this impact to be partially mitigated as incentive programs granted in prior years that provided reductions to royalty and advertising rates expire. For PLK, we offer development incentive programs pursuant to which we encourage veterans, women or minorities to become PLK franchisees and develop and open new restaurants. For FHS, we offer limited-term royalty reductions in connection with commitments to develop additional restaurants in specified territories. 
 International. As part of the international growth strategy for each of our brands, we have entered into master franchise agreements or development agreements that grant franchisees exclusive or non-exclusive development rights and, in some cases, allow them to sub-franchise or require them to provide support services to other franchisees in their markets. In 2022, we entered into master franchise agreements for the PLK brand in Indonesia, New Zealand, Poland, the Czech Republic and Taiwan, for the BK brand in Poland, the Czech Republic and Romania, and for the TH brand in Pakistan, and development agreements for the PLK brand in Singapore, Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico, Kazakhstan and Honduras. The franchise fees, royalty rate and advertising contributions paid by master franchisees or developers vary from country to country, depending on the facts and circumstances of each market. We expect to continue implementing similar arrangements for our brands in 2023 and beyond. 
 Franchise Restaurant Leases. We leased or subleased 3,531 properties to TH franchisees, 1,364 properties to BK franchisees, and 83 properties to PLK franchisees as of December 31, 2022 pursuant to separate lease agreements with these franchisees. For properties that we lease from third-party landlords and sublease to franchisees, our leases generally provide for fixed rental payments and may provide for contingent rental payments based on a restaurant s annual gross sales. Franchisees who lease land only or land and building from us do so on a triple net basis. Under these triple net leases, the franchisee is obligated to pay all costs and expenses, including all real property taxes and assessments, repairs and maintenance and insurance. In many cases, we will contribute toward the cost of remodels with the franchisees in connection with extensions of the underlying lease. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We own valuable intellectual property relating to our brands, including trademarks, service marks, patents, industrial designs, copyrights, trade secrets and other proprietary information, some of which are of material importance to our TH, BK, PLK and FHS businesses. The duration of trademarks and service marks varies by country, however, trademarks and service marks generally are valid and may be renewed as long as they are in use and/or properly registered. We have established the standards and specifications for most of the goods and services used in the development, improvement and operation of our restaurants. These proprietary standards, specifications and restaurant operating procedures are our trade secrets. Additionally, we own certain patents and industrial designs of varying duration relating to equipment and/or packaging used in BK and TH restaurants. 
 Information Systems and Digital Technology 
 Our corporate financial, human resources and similar systems are fully integrated and provide a solid foundation for our business. We began providing rPOS, a proprietary point-of-sale software solution, to a limited number of franchisees in BK and PLK restaurants in the U.S., Mexico and Germany, and we continue to enhance this product and work to expand its adoption. Alternatively, franchisees may utilize point of sale software provided by a set of approved third-party vendors. Depending on the region, these vendors may also provide labor scheduling, inventory, production management, cash control services, and other services. We have an architecture that enables us to build custom customer-facing applications and integrate them with our third-party providers, to support mobile ordering, web ordering, and kiosks. As of the end of 2022, we have deployed this architecture in the U.S., Canada, and several other jurisdictions, and we plan to deploy it to additional markets in the future. 
 We expanded our digital technologies and the use of our mobile apps continued to increase. We provide digital loyalty programs across all four brands in our home markets and offer our guests added convenience by offering third party and white label delivery at many of our home market restaurants. Further, we are modernizing the drive-thru experience with outdoor digital menu boards for TH, BK and PLK brands in their home markets. We plan to leverage our technology capabilities to continue to expand the choices for how customers order, pay and receive their food. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Although many of our systems are provided through third parties, we have the ability to obtain data from most of our franchised restaurants and from Company restaurants, which allows us to assess how our new and existing products are performing around the world. Additionally, we have been investing to upgrade our supply chain systems and improve efficiency. We expect to continue to invest in technology capabilities to support and drive our business. 
 Competition 
 Each of our brands competes in the U.S., Canada and internationally with many well-established food service companies on the basis of product choice, quality, affordability, service and location. With few barriers to entry to the restaurant industry, our competitors include a variety of independent local operators, in addition to well-capitalized regional, national and international restaurant chains and franchises, and new competitors may emerge at any time. We also compete for consumer dining dollars with national, regional and local (i) quick service restaurants that offer alternative menus, (ii) casual and fast casual restaurant chains (iii) convenience stores and grocery stores, and (iv) new concepts, such as virtual brands and dark kitchens. Furthermore, delivery aggregators and other food delivery services provide consumers with convenient access to a broad range of competing restaurant chains and food retailers, particularly in urban areas. 
 Government Regulations and Affairs 
 General. We and our franchisees are subject to various laws and regulations including (i) licensing and regulation relating to health, food preparation, sanitation and safety standards, sustainability, and, for our distribution business, traffic and transportation regulations; (ii) information security, privacy and consumer protection laws; and (iii) other laws regulating the design, accessibility and operation of facilities, such as the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act and similar Canadian federal and provincial legislation that can have a significant impact on our franchisees and our performance. These regulations include food safety regulations, including supervision by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and its international equivalents, which govern the manufacture, labeling, packaging and safety of food. In addition, we are or may become subject to legislation or regulation seeking to tax and/or regulate high-fat, high-calorie and high-sodium foods, particularly in Canada, the U.S., the United Kingdom and Spain. Certain countries, provinces, states and municipalities have approved menu labeling legislation that requires restaurant chains to provide caloric information on menu boards, and menu labeling legislation has also been adopted on the U.S. federal level as well as in Ontario. 
 U.S. and Canada. Our restaurants must comply with licensing requirements and regulations by a number of governmental authorities, which include zoning, health, safety, sanitation, building and fire agencies in the jurisdiction in which the restaurant is located. We and our franchisees are also subject to various employment laws, including laws governing union organizing, working conditions, work authorization requirements, health insurance, overtime and wages and efforts are currently underway to strengthen these laws in favor of the employee. In addition, we and our U.S. franchisees are subject to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act . 
 We are subject to federal franchising laws adopted by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (the FTC and state and provincial franchising laws. Much of the legislation and rules adopted have been aimed at providing detailed disclosure to a prospective franchisee, duties of good faith as between the franchisor and the franchisee, and/or periodic registration by the franchisor with applicable regulatory agencies. Additionally, some U.S. states have enacted or are considering enacting legislation that governs the termination or non-renewal of a franchise agreement and other aspects of the franchise relationship. 
 International. Internationally, we and our franchisees are subject to national and local laws and regulations that often are similar in nature to those affecting us and our franchisees in the U.S. and Canada. We and our franchisees are also subject to a variety of tariffs and regulations on imported commodities and equipment, and laws regulating foreign investment. 
 Environmental. Various laws concerning the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous materials and restaurant waste and the operation of restaurants in environmentally sensitive locations may impact aspects of our operations and the operations of our franchisees; however, we do not believe that compliance with applicable environmental regulations will have a material effect on our capital expenditures, financial condition, results of operations, or competitive position. Increased focus by U.S., Canadian and international governmental authorities on environmental matters is likely to lead to new governmental initiatives, particularly in the area of climate change. While we cannot predict the precise nature of these initiatives, we expect that they may impact our business both directly and indirectly. There is a possibility that government initiatives, or actual or perceived effect of changes in weather patterns, climate or water resources could have a direct impact on the operations of our brands in ways that we cannot predict at this time. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Sustainability 
 We are committed to the simple principle of doing what s right. Our Restaurant Brands for Good plan provides a framework for serving our guests the food and drinks they love while contributing to a sustainable future and having a positive social impact in the communities we serve. Our ongoing efforts will focus on three key pillars: 
 Food - serving high quality and great tasting food every day with a focus on food safety, improving choice, nutrition, transparency, and ingredients; 
 Planet - continuing to reduce our environmental footprint, with a focus on packaging and recycling, green buildings, and responsible sourcing; and 
 People Communities - supporting communities and enhancing livelihoods, with a focus on supporting communities, talent development, diversity and inclusion, ethics and human rights, and improving supplier livelihoods. 
 In September 2021, we announced targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 50 by 2030, as approved by the Science Based Targets initiative, as well as a commitment to achieving net-zero emissions by 2050 or sooner. While most of the impact is from scope 3 emissions that are not under our direct control, reaching these targets will require us to devote resources to support changes by suppliers and franchisees. 
 The sustainability section of our corporate website sets forth our initiatives with respect to these pillars and will be updated periodically but is not incorporated into this Annual Report. 
 Seasonal Operations 
 Our restaurant sales are typically higher in the spring and summer months when the weather is warmer and typically lowest during the winter months. Furthermore, adverse weather conditions can have material adverse effects on restaurant sales. The timing of holidays may also impact restaurant sales. Because our businesses are moderately seasonal, results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for any other quarter or for the full fiscal year. 
 Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 6,400 employees, including approximately 2,100 corporate employees in our restaurant support centers and serving our franchisees from the field, approximately 1,100 employees in our distribution centers and manufacturing facilities, and approximately 3,200 employees in Company restaurants. Our franchisees are independent business owners that separately employ more than 500,000 team members in their restaurants. 
 We strive to create a workplace environment where our employees love coming to work each day; a place that is committed to inclusion, respect, accountability and doing what is right. While our board regularly receives updates from our People team, the compensation committee has oversight of our compensation program and the audit committee has been tasked with oversight of workforce management risks. Our People team is organized into four pillars that focus on attracting, retaining, developing and rewarding top talent. 
 The cycle starts with attracting talent from campus and professional sources, leveraging technology to identify and assess candidates who best fit our roles. As part of our hiring process, we have committed that at least half of all final-round candidates interviewing for roles with our four RBI restaurant support centers will be from groups that are demonstrably diverse, including gender, race and sexual orientation, based on the composition and requirements of the applicable jurisdiction. Since our commitment, we have meaningfully exceeded that target, leading to an increase in diverse hires. In 2022, RBI hired approximately 670 new corporate employees, 5,800 new restaurant employees, and 430 new distribution and manufacturing employees. Each population segment has a dedicated onboarding program designed to get employees up to speed quickly, and foster a smooth transition into the workplace. 
 The retention efforts focus on work environment, employee engagement and our diversity and inclusion initiatives. We regularly conduct anonymous surveys to seek feedback from our restaurant support center employees on a variety of topics, including our sustainability and diversity initiatives, flexible work policies, the support they receive from their managers, and what types of learning and development opportunities they would like to have offered. Our executive Steering Committee monitors progress across key indicators such as representation, engagement, and retention to guide strategies for promoting diversity and inclusion. To ensure that the work of the Steering Committee is fully integrated, we have dedicated team members within the people and legal teams to implement initiatives in this space. These initiatives include company-wide implicit bias training, internal events featuring eminent speakers, sponsorship and mentorship opportunities for identity-based groups. We also leverage designated subject matter experts across each of our brands to ensure accountability and consistent execution of priorities company-wide with regards to marketing, suppliers, franchisees, and community engagement. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Developing talent includes evaluation, training, career planning and leadership development. We have a rigorous talent assessment process for restaurant support center employees built on specific competencies that we assess at both the employee and job level. This data allows us to more easily identify potential successors and illuminate potential opportunities for our employees in a more objective and unbiased way. Additionally, to help our employees and franchisee s team members succeed in their roles, we emphasize continuous training and development opportunities. These include, but are not limited to, safety and security protocols, updates on new products and service offerings and deployment of technologies. In 2022, we conducted management and leadership training, including problem solving, feedback sessions, data analysis and spot learning opportunities to address specific business needs. We also brought back our brand service days, which allow corporate employees to work in our restaurants in a structured way that enables a better link between the corporate strategies we make and the operational deployment of them at the restaurant level. We launched a formal mentoring program in 2022, connecting employees from our restaurant support centers around the world to facilitate career growth and development opportunities. 
 Our approach to rewarding talent is through a combination of compensation, recognition, wellness and benefits. We are committed to providing market-competitive pay and benefits, affirming our pay for performance philosophy while balancing retention risk. Restaurant support center and distribution employees are eligible for performance-based cash incentive programs. Each incentive plan reinforces and rewards individuals for achievement of specific business goals. All employees are also able to access telemedicine with no copay, as well as a 24/7 Employee Assistance Program. For corporate office and field-based employees, we offer a leading parental leave policy. 
 Underpinning all of these initiatives is a strong reliance on data. We leverage our people analytics team and human capital management system to assess our achievements in each of our four pillars to identify areas for improvement. A team of experienced People Business Partners work closely with their client groups to provide counsel on people issues and help roll out people initiatives directly to employees. 
 While much of the work mentioned above relates to our corporate workforce, we also have adopted employee guidelines and policies applicable to our restaurant employees and encourage our franchisees to adopt similar guidelines and policies. 
 Philanthropic Foundations 
 RBI is committed to strengthening and giving back to the communities we serve through our brand foundations and by supporting local programs and issues that are close to our guests hearts. To date, our philanthropic foundations include: 
 The Burger King Foundation : Established in 2005, the Burger King Foundation creates brighter futures by empowering individuals and feeding potential through education and emergency relief. As of December 31, 2022, the Burger King Foundation is active in 42 countries around the world. Since its inception, over 250,000 children and families have been supported through educational programs and employee emergency relief grants, with the Burger King Scholars Program awarding over 55 million in scholarship funds alone. 
 Tim Hortons Foundation Camps and Smile Cookie Initiative : Created in 1974, Tim Hortons Foundation Camps are helping youth aged 12-16 from disadvantaged circumstances discover the strengths within themselves. Through December 31, 2022, the Tim Hortons Foundation s annual Camp Day has raised over C 237 million and has sent more than 300,000 youth to a multi-year camp-based program at one of seven Tims Camps in Canada and the United States. In addition, Tim Hortons annual Smile Cookie initiative is empowering restaurant owners to sell special Smile Cookies for a full week and donate 100 of the proceeds. Since the first-ever Smile Cookie campaign in 1996, this charitable campaign has raised more than C 92 million for local charities, hospitals, and community programs. 
 The Popeyes Foundation : The mission of the Popeyes Foundation is to strengthen communities with food and support in times of need. The Popeyes Foundation contributes to communities through third-party initiatives and has provided 1.7 million and over 4 million meals to children in local communities since 2018. The Foundation additionally supports the Popeyes family directly through the Popeyes Foundation Family Fund. This fund supports U.S. employees who may be victims of natural disasters or other emergency hardship situations. Since 2017 through December 31, 2022, 530 Popeyes team members have been helped through close to 500,000 in grants through the fund. 
 Firehouse Subs Public Safety Foundation : Firehouse Subs was founded by two brothers and former firefighters in 1994 and was built on a passion for hearty and flavorful food, heartfelt service, and public safety. In 2005, the Firehouse Subs founders established the non-profit Firehouse Subs Public Safety Foundation in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. Since that day through December 31, 2022, a portion of every purchase goes to the Firehouse Public Safety Foundation which has granted 73 million to provide lifesaving equipment, training, and support to first responders and public safety organizations. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Available Information 
 We make available free of charge on or through the Investor Relations section of our internet website at www.rbi.com , all materials that we file electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including this Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing or furnishing such material with the SEC and with the Canadian Securities Administrators. This information is also available at www.sec.gov, an internet site maintained by the SEC that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, and on the System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval SEDAR at www.sedar.com, a website maintained by the Canadian Securities Administrators. The references to our website address, the SEC s website address and the website maintained by the Canadian Securities Administrators do not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained in these websites and should be not considered part of this document. 
 A copy of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Ethics and Conduct for Non-Restaurant Employees, Code of Ethics for Executive Officers, Code of Conduct for Directors and the Charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and Conflicts Committee of our board of directors are posted in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.rbi.com . 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 130 King Street West, Suite 300, Toronto, Ontario M5X 1E1, Canada. Our telephone number is (905) 339-6011. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Risks Related to Our Business Operations 
 We face intense competition in our markets, which could negatively impact our business. 
 The restaurant industry is intensely competitive and we compete with many well-established food service companies on the basis of product choice, quality, affordability, service and location. With few barriers to entry, our competitors include a variety of independent local operators, in addition to well-capitalized regional, national and international restaurant chains and franchises, and new competitors, such as virtual brands and dark kitchens, may emerge at any time. Furthermore, delivery aggregators and food delivery services provide consumers with convenient access to a broad range of competing restaurant chains and food retailers, particularly in urbanized areas, and may form a closer relationship with our customers and increase costs. Each of our brands also competes for qualified franchisees, suitable restaurant locations and management and personnel. 
 Our ability to compete will depend on the success of our plans to effectively respond to consumer preferences, improve existing products, develop and roll-out new products, and manage the complexity of restaurant operations as well as the impact of our competitors actions. In addition, our long-term success will depend on our ability to strengthen our customers' digital experience through mobile ordering, delivery, loyalty programs, and social interaction. Some of our competitors have substantially greater financial resources, higher revenues and greater economies of scale than we do. These advantages may allow them to implement their operational strategies more quickly or effectively than we can or benefit from changes in technologies, which could harm our competitive position. These competitive advantages may be exacerbated in a difficult economy, thereby permitting our competitors to gain market share. We may be unable to successfully respond to changing consumer preferences, including with respect to new technologies and alternative methods of delivery. In addition, online platforms and aggregators may direct potential customers to other options based on paid placements, online reviews or other factors. If we are unable to maintain our competitive position, we could experience lower demand for products, downward pressure on prices, reduced margins, an inability to take advantage of new business opportunities, a loss of market share, reduced franchisee profitability and an inability to attract qualified franchisees in the future. 
 Failure to preserve the value and relevance of our brands could negatively impact our financial results. 
 We depend in large part on the value of the TH, BK, PLK and FHS brands. To be successful in the future, we must preserve, enhance and leverage the value of our brands. Brand value is based in part on consumer tastes, preferences and perceptions on a variety of factors, including the nutritional content, methods of production and preparation of our products and our business practices, including with respect to animal welfare, sustainability and other environmental or social concerns. Consumer acceptance of our products may be influenced by or subject to change for a variety of reasons. For example, adverse publicity associated with nutritional, health and other scientific studies and conclusions, which constantly evolve and often have contradictory implications, may drive popular opinion against quick service restaurants in general, which may impact the demand for our products. Moreover, health campaigns against products we offer in favor of foods that are perceived as healthier may affect consumer perception of our product offerings and impact the value of our brands. 
 In addition, adverse publicity related to litigation, regulation (including initiatives intended to drive consumer behavior) or incidents involving us, our franchisees, competitors or suppliers may impact the value of our brands by discouraging customers from buying our products. Perceptions may also be affected by activist campaigns to promote adverse perceptions of the quick service restaurant industry or our brands and/or our operations, suppliers, franchisees or other partners such as campaigns aimed at sustainability or living-wage opinions. Consumer demand for our products and our brand equity could diminish if we, our employees or our franchisees or other business partners fail to preserve the quality of our products, act or are perceived to act as unethical, illegal, racially-biased or in a socially irresponsible manner, including with respect to the sourcing, content or sale of our products or the use of consumer data for general or direct marketing or other purposes, fail to comply with laws and regulations, publicly take controversial positions or actions or fail to deliver a consistently positive consumer experience in each of our markets. If we are unsuccessful in addressing consumer adverse perceptions, our brands and our financial results may suffer. 
 Economic conditions have and may continue to adversely affect consumer discretionary spending and our business and results. 
 We believe that our restaurant sales, guest traffic and profitability are strongly correlated to consumer discretionary spending, which is influenced by general economic conditions, unemployment levels, the availability of discretionary income, inflation, and, ultimately, consumer confidence. A protracted economic slowdown, increased unemployment and underemployment of our customer base, decreased salaries and wage rates, inflation, rising interest rates or other industry-wide cost pressures adversely affect consumer behavior by weakening consumer confidence and decreasing consumer spending for restaurant dining occasions. Governmental or other responses to economic challenges may be unable to restore or maintain consumer confidence. As a result of these factors, during 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 recessionary periods we and our franchisees may experience reduced sales and profitability, which may cause our business and operating results to suffer. 
 Our results can be adversely affected by unforeseen events, such as adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, war or terrorist attacks, pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or other catastrophic events. 
 Unforeseen events, such as adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or catastrophic events, can adversely impact restaurant sales. Natural disasters such as earthquakes, hurricanes, and severe adverse weather conditions and health pandemics whether occurring in Canada, the United States or abroad, can keep customers in the affected area from dining out, cause damage to or closure of restaurants and result in lost opportunities for our restaurants. 
 For example, measures implemented to reduce the spread of COVID-19 adversely affected workforces, customers, consumer sentiment, supply chains, economies and financial markets, and, along with decreased consumer spending, led to an economic downturn and increased inflation in many of our markets. As a result of COVID-19 and resulting labor challenges, we and our franchisees have experienced store closures and instances of reduced store-level operations, including reduced operating hours and dining-room closures. While markets have reopened, local conditions and new variants have and may again lead to closures or increased limitations. As a result of COVID-19, restaurant traffic and system-wide sales have been and may continue to be significantly negatively impacted. 
 We cannot predict the effects that actual or threatened armed conflicts such as the war in Ukraine, terrorist attacks, efforts to combat terrorism, or heightened security requirements will have on our future operations. Because a significant portion of our restaurant operating costs are fixed or semi-fixed in nature, the loss of sales and increases in labor, energy and commodity costs during these periods hurt our and our franchisees operating margins and can result in restaurant operating losses and our loss of royalties. 
 Our results depend on effective marketing and advertising, successful new products launches and digital engagement. 
 Our revenues are heavily influenced by brand marketing and advertising and by our ability to develop and launch new and innovative products. If our marketing and advertising programs are not successful, or we fail to develop commercially successful new products, our ability to attract new guests and retain existing guests and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Because franchisees contribute to advertising funds based on a percentage of gross sales at their franchise restaurants, advertising fund expenditures generally are dependent upon restaurant sales volumes. If system-wide sales decline, amounts available for our marketing and advertising programs will be reduced. Also, to the extent we use value offerings in our marketing and advertising programs to drive traffic, the low price offerings may condition our guests to resist higher prices in a more favorable economic environment. 
 In addition, we continue to focus on transforming the restaurant experience through technology and digital engagement to improve our service model and strengthen relationships with customers, including through digital channels, loyalty initiatives, mobile ordering and payment systems and delivery initiatives. These initiatives may not have the anticipated impact on our franchise sales and therefore we may not fully realize the intended benefits of these significant investments. Also, utilizing third-party delivery services may not be as profitable as sales directly to our guests and may also introduce food quality and customer satisfaction risks outside of our control. 
 The global scope of our business subjects us to risks and costs and may cause our profitability to decline. 
 Our global operations expose us to risks in managing the differing cultural, regulatory, geopolitical and economic environments in the countries where our restaurants operate. These risks, which can vary substantially by market and may increase in importance as our franchisees expand operations in international markets, are described in many of the risk factors discussed in this report and include the following: 
 governmental laws, regulations and policies adopted to manage national economic conditions, such as increases in taxes, austerity measures that impact consumer spending, monetary policies that may impact inflation rates and currency fluctuations; 
 the imposition of import restrictions or controls; 
 the effects of legal and regulatory changes and the burdens and costs of our compliance with a variety of foreign laws; 
 changes in the laws and policies that govern foreign investment and trade in the countries in which we operate; 
 compliance with U.S., Canadian and other anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, including compliance by our employees, contractors, licensees or agents and those of our strategic partners and joint ventures; 
 risks and costs associated with political and economic instability, corruption, anti-American or anti-Canadian sentiment and social and ethnic unrest in the countries in which we operate; 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 the risks of operating in developing or emerging markets in which there are significant uncertainties regarding the interpretation, application and enforceability of laws, regulations, contract rights and intellectual property rights; 
 risks arising from the significant and rapid fluctuations in currency exchange markets and the decisions and positions that we take to hedge such volatility; 
 the impact of labor costs on our franchisees' margins given changing labor conditions and difficulties experienced by our franchisees in staffing their international operations; and 
 the effects of increases in the taxes we pay and other changes in applicable tax laws. 
 The conflict between Russia and Ukraine may continue to adversely impact economic conditions in Europe and elsewhere including through increased commodity, labor and energy costs that may adversely affect us and our franchisees restaurants. 
 Our operations are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and interest rates. 
 Because our reporting currency is U.S. dollars, the operations of TH, BK, PLK and FHS that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated to U.S. dollars for our financial reporting purposes and are impacted by fluctuations in currency exchange rates and changes in currency regulations. In addition, fluctuations in interest rates may affect our business. Although we attempt to minimize these risks through geographic diversification and the utilization of derivative financial instruments, our risk management strategies may not be effective and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Increases in food, equipment and commodity costs or shortages or interruptions in supply or delivery thereof could harm our operating results and the results of our franchisees. 
 The profitability of our franchisees and us depends in part on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in food, equipment and commodity and supply costs. With respect to our TH business, volatility in connection with certain key commodities that we purchase in the ordinary course of business can impact our revenues, costs and margins. If commodity prices rise, franchisees may experience reduced sales due to decreased consumer demand at retail prices that have been raised to offset increased commodity prices, which may reduce franchisee profitability. In addition, the markets for beef and chicken are subject to significant price fluctuations due to seasonal shifts, climate conditions, the cost of grain, disease, industry demand, international commodity markets, food safety concerns, product recalls, government regulation, labor availability and cost and other factors, all of which are beyond our control and, in many instances unpredictable. Such increases in commodity costs may materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 We and our franchisees are dependent on frequent deliveries of fresh food products that meet our specifications. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of fresh food products or equipment caused by unanticipated demand, natural disasters or unforeseen events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, problems in production or distribution, inclement weather, delays or restrictions on shipping and/or manufacturing, closures of supplier or distributor facilities, financial distress or insolvency of suppliers or distributors or other conditions have and in the future could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of ingredients and equipment, which could adversely affect our operating results. As of December 31, 2022, we have only a few distributors that service most of our BK, PLK and FHS operations in the U.S., and our operations could be adversely affected if any of these distributors were unable to fulfill their responsibilities and we were unable to locate a substitute distributor in a timely manner. 
 Our supply chain operations subject us to additional risks and may cause our profitability to decline. 
 We operate a vertically integrated supply chain for our TH business in which we manufacture, warehouse, and distribute certain food and restaurant supplies to TH restaurants. Risks associated with this strategy include: 
 delays and/or difficulties associated with, or liabilities arising from, owning a manufacturing, warehouse and distribution business; 
 maintenance, operations and/or management of the facilities, equipment, employees and inventories; 
 limitations on the flexibility of controlling capital expenditures and overhead; 
 increased transportation, shipping, food and other supply costs; 
 inclement weather or extreme weather events; 
 shortages or interruptions in availability or supply of high-quality coffee beans, perishable food products and/or their ingredients; 
 variations in the quality of food and beverage products and/or their ingredients; and 
 political, physical, environmental, labor, or technological disruptions (such as from cybersecurity incidents) in our or our suppliers manufacturing and/or warehousing plants, facilities, or equipment. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 If we do not adequately address the challenges related to these vertically integrated operations or the overall level of utilization or production decreases for any reason, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely impacted. Moreover, interruptions in the availability and delivery of food, beverages and other supplies to our restaurants arising from shortages or greater than expected demand, may increase costs or reduce revenues. As of December 31, 2022, we have only one or a few suppliers to service each category of products sold at our TH restaurants, and the loss of any one of these suppliers would likely adversely affect our business. 
 We and our franchisees may be unable to secure desirable restaurant locations to maintain and grow our restaurant portfolios. 
 The success of any restaurant depends in substantial part on its location. Neighborhood or economic conditions where our restaurants are located could decline in the future as demographic patterns change, resulting in potentially reduced sales in those locations. Competition for restaurant locations can also be intense and there may be delays or cancellation of new site developments by developers and landlords, which may be exacerbated by factors related to the commercial real estate or credit markets. If franchisees cannot obtain desirable locations for their restaurants at reasonable prices due to, among other things, higher than anticipated acquisition, construction and/or development costs of new restaurants, difficulty negotiating leases with acceptable terms, onerous land use or zoning restrictions, or challenges in securing required governmental permits, then their ability to execute their respective growth strategies may be adversely affected. 
 Based on their size advantage and/or their greater financial resources, some of our competitors may have the ability to negotiate more favorable lease terms than we can and some landlords and developers may offer priority or grant exclusivity to some of our competitors for desirable locations. As a result, we or our franchisees may not be able to obtain new leases or renew existing leases on acceptable terms, if at all, which could adversely affect our sales and brand-building initiatives. 
 Food safety concerns and concerns about the health risk of fast food may adversely affect our business. 
 Food safety is a top priority for us and we dedicate substantial resources to ensure that our customers enjoy safe, high-quality food products. However, food-borne illnesses and other food safety issues have occurred in the food industry in the past and could occur in the future. Also, our reliance on third-party food suppliers, distributors and food delivery aggregators increases the risk that food-borne illness incidents could be caused by factors outside of our control and that multiple locations would be affected rather than a single restaurant. Any report or publicity, including through social media, linking us or one of our franchisees or suppliers to instances of food-borne illness or other food safety issues, including food tampering, adulteration or contamination, could adversely affect our brands and reputation as well as our sales and profits. Such occurrence at restaurants of competitors could adversely affect sales as a result of negative publicity about the industry generally. The occurrence of food-borne illnesses or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, which could result in disruptions in our supply chain, significantly increase costs and/or lower margins for us and our franchisees. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in stricter health regulations and guidelines, which have increased operating costs for our franchisees. 
 Some of our products contain caffeine, dairy products, fats, sugar and other compounds and allergens, the health effects of which are the subject of public scrutiny, including suggesting that excessive consumption of these compounds can lead to a variety of adverse health effects. An unfavorable report on the health effects of any compounds present in our products, or negative publicity or litigation arising from other health risks such as obesity, could significantly reduce the demand for our beverages and food products. A decrease in customer traffic as a result of these health concerns or negative publicity could materially and adversely affect our brands and our business. 
 If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property, the value of our brands and our business may be harmed. 
 Our brands, which represent approximately 46 of the total assets on our balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, are very important to our success and our competitive position. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, service marks, trade secrets, patents, industrial designs, and other intellectual property rights to protect our brands and the respective branded products. While we have registered certain trademarks in Canada, the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, not all of the trademarks that our brands currently use have been registered in all of the countries in which we do business, and they may never be registered in all of these countries. We may not be able to adequately protect our trademarks, and our use of these trademarks may result in liability for trademark infringement, trademark dilution or unfair competition. The steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property in Canada, the U.S. and other countries may not be adequate and we may, from time to time, be required to institute litigation to enforce our trademarks or other intellectual property rights or to protect our trade secrets. Further, third parties may assert or prosecute infringement claims against us. In these cases, our proprietary rights could be challenged, circumvented, infringed or invalidated. Any such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could negatively affect our revenue, profitability and prospects regardless of whether we are able to successfully enforce our rights. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of Canada and the U.S. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in regulations may adversely affect restaurant operations and our financial results. 
 Our restaurants are subject to licensing and regulation by health, sanitation, safety and other agencies in the state, province and/or municipality in which the restaurant is located. Federal, state, provincial and local government authorities have enacted and may enact laws, rules or regulations that impact restaurant operations and may increase the cost of doing business. In developing markets, we face the risks associated with new and untested laws and judicial systems. If we fail to comply with existing or future laws, we may be subject to governmental fines and sanctions. 
 We are subject to various provincial, state and foreign laws that govern the offer and sale of a franchise, including in the U.S., to an FTC rule. Various provincial, state and foreign laws regulate certain aspects of the franchise relationship, including terminations and the refusal to renew franchises. The failure to comply with these laws and regulations in any jurisdiction or to obtain required government approvals could result in a ban or temporary suspension on future franchise sales, fines and penalties or require us to make offers of rescission or restitution, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We could also face lawsuits by franchisees based upon alleged violations of these laws. 
 If we are unable to effectively manage the risks associated with our complex regulatory environment, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 Climate change and our inability to effectively implement measures to address environmental, social and governance disclosure and business practices could negatively affect our business or damage our reputation. 
 We, our franchisees and our supply chain are subject to risks and costs arising from the effects of climate change, greenhouse gases, and diminishing energy and water resources. These risks include the increased public focus, including by governmental and nongovernmental organizations, on these and other environmental and social sustainability matters, such as packaging and waste, animal health and welfare, deforestation and land use. Also, we face increased pressure to make commitments, set targets, provide expanded disclosure and establish additional goals and take actions to meet them which could expose us to market, operational and execution costs or risks. Addressing environmental and social sustainability matters requires system-wide coordination and alignment, and the standards by which these matters are measured are evolving and subject to assumptions that could change over time. 
 Climate change may have a negative effect on agricultural productivity which may result in decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities used in our products, such as beef, chicken, coffee beans and dairy. Climate change may also increase the frequency or severity of natural disasters and other extreme weather conditions, which could disrupt our supply chain or impact demand for our products. Concern over climate change and other environmental and social sustainable business practices may result in new or increased legal and regulatory requirements or generally accepted business practices, which could significantly increase costs. Any failure to achieve our goals with respect to reducing greenhouse gas emissions and other sustainable business practices or perception of a failure to act responsibly with respect to the environment or to effectively respond to regulatory requirements concerning climate change or other sustainable business practices can lead to adverse publicity, diminish the value of our brands and result in an adverse effect on our business. 
 Outsourcing certain functions to third-party vendors subjects us to risks, including disruptions and increased costs. 
 We have outsourced certain administrative functions for our business, certain information technology support services and benefit plan administration to third-party service providers. In the future, we may outsource other functions to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. If the outsourced service providers do not perform effectively, we may not be able to achieve the expected cost savings and may incur additional costs in connection with such failure to perform. Depending on the function involved, such failures may also lead to business disruption, transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of sales and customers, the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach, and the loss of data through security breach or otherwise. Any such damage or interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, cause us to face significant fines, customer notice obligations or costly litigation, harm our reputation with our customers or prevent us from paying our collective suppliers or employees or receiving payments on a timely basis. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Fully Franchised Business Model 
 Our fully franchised business model presents a number of disadvantages and risks. 
 Nearly all of our restaurants are owned and operated by franchisees. Under our fully franchised business model, our future prospects depend on our ability to attract new franchisees for each of our brands that meet our criteria and the willingness and ability of franchisees to open restaurants in existing and new markets. We may be unable to identify franchisees who meet our criteria, or franchisees we identify may not successfully implement their expansion plans. 
 Our fully franchised business model presents a number of other drawbacks, such as limited influence over franchisees, limited ability to facilitate changes in restaurant ownership, limitations on enforcement of franchise obligations due to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings and reliance on franchisees to participate in our strategic initiatives. While we can mandate certain strategic initiatives through enforcement of our franchise agreements, we will need the active support of our franchisees if the implementation of these initiatives is to be successful. The failure of franchisees to support our marketing programs and strategic initiatives could adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy and could materially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. On occasion we have encountered, and may in the future encounter, challenges in receiving specific financial and operational results from our franchisees in a consistent and timely manner, which can negatively impact our business and operating results. 
 Our competitors that have a significantly higher percentage of company-operated restaurants than we do may have greater influence over their respective restaurant systems and greater ability to implement operational initiatives and business strategies, including their marketing and advertising programs. 
 The ability of our franchisees and prospective franchisees to obtain financing for development of new restaurants or reinvestment in existing restaurants depends in part upon financial and economic conditions beyond their control. If our franchisees are unable to obtain financing on acceptable terms or otherwise do not devote sufficient resources to develop new restaurants or reinvest in existing restaurants, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. Also, investments in restaurant remodels and upgrades by franchisees and us may not have the expected results with respect to consumer sentiment, increased traffic or return on investment. 
 Our franchisees are also dependent upon their ability to attract and retain qualified employees in an intensely competitive labor market. 
 Our results are closely tied to the success of independent franchisees, and we have limited influence over their operations. 
 We generate revenues in the form of royalties, fees and other amounts from our franchisees and our operating results are closely tied to their success. However, our franchisees are independent operators and we cannot control many factors that impact the profitability of their restaurants. At times, we have and may in the future provide cash flow support to franchisees by extending loans, advancing cash payments and/or providing rent relief where we have property control. These actions have and may in the future adversely affect our cash flow and financial results. 
 If sales trends or economic conditions worsen for franchisees, their financial results may deteriorate, which could result in, among other things, restaurant closures; delayed or reduced payments to us of royalties, advertising contributions, rents and, delayed or reduced payments for TH products and supplies; and an inability for such franchisees to obtain financing to fund development, restaurant remodels or equipment initiatives on acceptable terms or at all. Also, franchisees may not be willing or able to renew their franchise agreements with us due to low sales volumes, high real estate costs, or the failure to secure lease renewals. If our franchisees fail to renew their franchise agreements, our royalty revenues may decrease which in turn could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Franchisees and sub-franchisees may not successfully operate restaurants in a manner consistent with our established procedures, standards and requirements or standards set by applicable law, including sanitation and pest control standards or data processing and cybersecurity requirements. Any operational shortcoming of a franchise or sub-franchise restaurant is likely to be attributed by guests to the entire brand and may be shared widely through social media, thus damaging the brand s reputation and potentially affecting our revenues and profitability. We may not be able to identify problems and take effective action quickly enough and, as a result, our image and reputation may suffer, and our franchise revenues and results of operations could decline. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Labor challenges for franchisees or being liable as a joint employer could adversely affect our business. 
 The inability of our franchisees to recruit and retain qualified individuals or increased costs to do so, including due to labor market dynamics or increases in legally required wages, may delay openings of new restaurants by our franchisees and could adversely impact existing franchise restaurant operations and franchisee profitability, which could slow our growth. If employees at either franchisee or company restaurants become unionized, their or our business could be negatively affected by factors that increase cost, decrease flexibility or otherwise disrupt the business. Responses to labor organizing efforts by our franchisees or us could negatively impact brand perception and our business and financial results. In September 2022, California passed legislation establishing a council to set sector-wide standards on wages, hours and working conditions related to the health, safety and welfare of fast food restaurant workers; although a voter referendum blocked the new law, the potential referendum challenge is set to be on the ballot in 2024. This law and other labor related laws enacted or currently proposed at the federal, state, provincial or local level could increase our and our franchisees labor costs and decrease profitability. 
 Joint employer status is a developing area of franchise and labor and employment law that could be subject to changes in legislation, administrative agency interpretation or jurisprudential developments that may increase franchisor liability in the future. In September 2022, the National Labor Relations Board proposed a new rule that would allow a party asserting a joint-employment relationship to establish joint-employer status by using evidence of indirect and reserved forms of control bearing on an employee s essential terms and conditions of employment. If this broader standard were to be adopted, which is likely, we could potentially be liable for unfair labor practices and other violations by franchisees or we could be required to conduct collective bargaining negotiations regarding employees of franchisees, who are independent employers. In such event, our operating costs may increase as a result of required modifications to business practices, increased litigation, governmental investigations or proceedings, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil liability. Employee claims that are brought against us as a result of joint employer standards and status may also, in addition to legal and financial liability, create negative publicity that could adversely affect our brands and divert financial and management resources. A significant increase in the number of these claims, or an increase in the number of successful claims, could adversely impact our brand s reputation, which may cause significant harm. 
 Our future growth and profitability will depend on our ability to successfully accelerate international development with strategic partners and joint ventures. 
 We believe that the future growth and profitability of each of our brands will depend on our ability to successfully accelerate international development with strategic partners and joint ventures in new and existing international markets. New markets may have different competitive conditions, consumer tastes and discretionary spending patterns than our existing markets. As a result, new restaurants in those markets may have lower average restaurant sales than restaurants in existing markets and may take longer than expected to reach target sales and profit levels or may never do so. We will need to build brand awareness in those new markets we enter through advertising and promotional activity, and those activities may not promote our brands as effectively as intended, if at all. 
 We have adopted a master franchise development model for all of our brands, which in markets with strong growth potential may include participating in strategic joint ventures, to accelerate international growth. These arrangements may give our joint venture and/or master franchise partners the exclusive right to develop and manage our restaurants in a specific country or countries, including, in some cases, the right to sub-franchise. A joint venture partnership involves special risks, including the following: our joint venture partners may have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with those of the joint venture or us, or our joint venture partners may be unable to meet their economic or other obligations and we may be required to fulfill those obligations alone. Our master franchise arrangements present similar risks and uncertainties. We cannot control the actions of our joint venture partners or master franchisees, including any nonperformance, default or bankruptcy of joint venture partners or master franchisees. While sub-franchisees are required to operate their restaurants in accordance with specified operations, safety and health standards, we are not party to the agreements with the sub-franchisees and are dependent upon our master franchisees to enforce these standards with respect to sub-franchised restaurants. As a result, the ultimate success and quality of any sub-franchised restaurant rests with the master franchisee and the sub-franchisee. In addition, the termination of an arrangement with a master franchisee or a lack of expansion by certain master franchisees has and may in the future result in the delay or discontinuation of the development of franchise restaurants, or an interruption in the operation of our brand in a particular market or markets. We may not be able to find another operator to resume development activities in such market or markets. Any such delay, discontinuation or interruption could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to our Indebtedness 
 Our substantial leverage and obligations to service our debt could adversely affect our business. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had aggregate outstanding indebtedness of 13,045 million, including senior secured term loan facilities in an aggregate principal amount of 6,440 million, senior secured first lien notes in an aggregate principal amount of 2,800 million and senior secured second lien notes in an aggregate principal amount of 3,650 million. Subject to restrictions set forth in these instruments, we may also incur significant additional indebtedness in the future, some of which may be secured debt. This may have the effect of increasing our total leverage. 
 Our substantial leverage could have important potential consequences, including, but not limited to: 
 increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility to respond to, changes in our business and general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to our debt service, thereby reducing the availability of such cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, joint ventures, product research, dividends, share repurchases or other corporate purposes; 
 increasing our vulnerability to a downgrade of our credit rating, which could adversely affect our cost of funds, liquidity and access to capital markets; 
 placing us at a competitive disadvantage as compared to certain of our competitors who are not as highly leveraged; 
 restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures; 
 exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates for variable interest rate borrowings under our credit facilities; 
 the discontinuation of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR after June 2023 and the replacement with an alternative reference rate may adversely impact our interest rates and our interest rate hedging strategy; 
 making it more difficult for us to repay, refinance or satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt; 
 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds in the future and increasing the cost of any such borrowing; and 
 exposing us to risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency as we earn profits in a variety of currencies around the world and substantially all of our debt is denominated in U.S. dollars. 
 If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to pay indebtedness and other funding needs or refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all, our financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our indebtedness limits our ability to take certain actions and could delay or prevent a future change of control. 
 The terms of our indebtedness include a number of restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness or guarantee or prepay indebtedness; pay dividends on, repurchase or make distributions in respect of capital stock; make investments or acquisitions; create liens or use assets as security in other transactions; consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of substantially all of our or our subsidiaries assets; make intercompany transactions; and enter into transactions with affiliates. These limitations may hinder our ability to finance future operations and capital needs and our ability to pursue business opportunities and activities that may be in our interest. In addition, our ability to comply with these covenants and restrictions may be affected by events beyond our control. 
 A breach of the covenants under our indebtedness could result in an event of default under the applicable agreement allowing the debt holders to accelerate repayment of such debt as well as any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. In addition, default under our senior secured credit facilities would also permit the lenders thereunder to terminate all other commitments to extend additional credit thereunder, including under the revolver. Similarly, in the event of a change of control, pursuant to the terms of our indebtedness, we may be required to repay our credit facilities, or offer to repurchase the senior secured first lien and second lien notes as well as future indebtedness. Such current and future terms could have the effect of delaying or preventing a future change of control or may discourage a potential acquirer from proposing or completing a transaction that may otherwise have presented a premium to our shareholders. 
 Following the occurrence of either an event of default or change of control, we may not have sufficient resources to repurchase, repay or redeem our obligations, as applicable, and we may not be able to obtain additional financing to satisfy these obligations on terms favorable to us or at all. Also, if we were unable to repay the amounts due under our secured indebtedness, the holders of such indebtedness could proceed against the collateral that secures such indebtedness. In the event our creditors accelerate the repayment of our secured indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Taxation 
 Unanticipated tax liabilities could adversely affect the taxes we pay and our profitability. 
 We are subject to income and other taxes in Canada, the United States, and numerous foreign jurisdictions. A taxation authority may disagree with certain of our views, including, for example, the allocation of profits by tax jurisdiction, and the deductibility of our interest expense, and may take the position that material income tax liabilities, interest, penalties, or other amounts are payable by us, in which case, we expect to contest such assessment. Contesting such an assessment may be lengthy and costly and if we were unsuccessful, the implications could be materially adverse to us and affect our effective income tax rate and/or operating income. 
 From time to time, we are subject to additional state and local income tax audits, international income tax audits and sales, franchise and value-added tax audits. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The Canada Revenue Agency (the CRA ), the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the IRS and/or foreign tax authorities may not agree with our interpretation of the tax aspects of reorganizations, initiatives, transactions, or any related matters associated therewith that we have undertaken. 
 The results of a tax audit or related litigation could result in us not being in a position to take advantage of the effective income tax rates and the level of benefits that we anticipated to achieve as a result of corporate reorganizations, initiatives and transactions, and the implications could have a material adverse effect on our effective income tax rate, income tax provision, net income (loss) or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made. 
 RBI and Partnership may be treated as U.S. corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which could subject us and Partnership to substantial additional U.S. taxes. 
 Because RBI and Partnership are organized under the laws of Canada, we are classified as foreign entities (and, therefore, non-U.S. tax residents) under general rules of U.S. federal income taxation that an entity is considered a tax resident in the jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation. Even so, the IRS may assert that we should be treated as a U.S. corporation (and, therefore, a U.S. tax resident) for U.S. federal income tax purposes pursuant to complex rules under Section 7874 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). In addition, a retroactive or prospective change to U.S. tax laws in this area could adversely impact this classification. If we were to be treated as a U.S. corporation for federal tax purposes, we could be subject to substantially greater U.S. tax liability than currently contemplated as a non-U.S. corporation. 
 Future changes to Canadian, U.S. and other foreign tax laws, including future regulations and other interpretive guidance of such tax laws, could materially affect RBI and/or Partnership, and adversely affect their anticipated financial positions and results. 
 Our effective tax rate, cash taxes and financial results could be adversely impacted by changes in applicable tax laws (including regulatory, administrative, and judicial interpretations and guidance relating to such laws) in the jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 The 2021 Canadian Federal Budget proposed various tax law changes, including a new limitation on the deductibility of interest and similar expenses; revised draft legislation was released on November 3, 2022, deferring the proposed effective date to taxation years beginning on or after October 1, 2023. In general, the draft legislation proposes to limit the deductibility of interest and other financing-related expenses to the extent that such expenses, net of interest and financing-related income, exceed a fixed ratio of the entity s tax EBITDA, with a specified carry-back limit and an indefinite carry-forward limit. The proposed rules and their application are complex and could materially increase our future income taxes if enacted, adversely impacting our effective tax rate and financial results. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA in the U.S. contains provisions that were effective January 1, 2023, including a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax based on adjusted financial statement income. While we do not currently expect the IRA to have a material impact on our financial statements, we will continue to evaluate its effect as further guidance becomes available. In addition, the U.S. Treasury has broad authority to issue regulations and interpretative guidance with respect to existing and new tax laws that may significantly impact how such laws are applied. A number of currently contemplated tax law changes if enacted could materially adversely affect our effective income tax rate, cash taxes and financial results. 
 The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development OECD ), the European Union EU and many countries (including countries in which we operate) have committed to enacting substantial changes to numerous long-standing tax principals impacting how large multinational enterprises are taxed in an effort to limit perceived base erosion and profit shifting incentives, including a 15 global minimum tax applied on a country-by-country basis, likely applicable to periods beginning on or after December 31, 2023. The OECD has issued model rules with respect to various aspects of such proposed changes and ongoing public 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 consultation with additional guidance expected. The implementation, timing and many details regarding such potential tax law changes remain uncertain as individual countries evaluate and pursue their respective approaches to enacting the principles underlying such model rules. Such global tax developments could materially increase our future income taxes if enacted, adversely impacting our effective tax rate and financial results. 
 Risks related to Information Technology 
 The personal information that we collect may be vulnerable to breach, theft, or loss that could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, process, transmit, and retain personal information regarding our employees and their families, our franchisees and their employees, vendors, contractors, and consumers, which can include social security numbers, social insurance numbers, banking and tax identification information, health care information, and credit card information and our franchisees collect similar information. In recent years we expanded our development and management of our brands mobile apps, online ordering platforms, and in-restaurant kiosks and started to provide point-of-sale software. While our deployment of such technology facilitates our primary goals of generating incremental sales and improving operations at our franchisees restaurants as well as additional customer awareness and interest in our brands, such deployment also means that we are collecting and entrusted with additional personal information about our customers. In Canada, we have been the subject of government investigation and purported class action lawsuits based on the use of certain geolocation data for TH mobile app users. Negative publicity regarding these matters or future concerns could adversely affect our reputation and our brands. Some of this personal information is also held and managed by our franchisees, including master franchisees, and certain of our vendors, and in these cases the franchisee or vendor is responsible for complying with local laws (including applicable data privacy laws) and adequately securing the data. A third-party may be able to circumvent the security and business controls that we, our vendors, our franchisees, or our franchisees' vendors use to limit access and use of personal information, which could result in a breach of employee, consumer, or franchisee privacy. 
 A major breach, theft, or loss of the personal information described above that is held by us, our vendors, our franchisees, or our franchisees' vendors could adversely affect our reputation and restaurant operations as well as result in substantial fines, penalties, indemnification claims, and potential litigation against us which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to risks related with non-compliance of privacy and data protection laws and regulations. For example, under the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), companies must meet certain requirements regarding the handling of personal data or face penalties of up to 4 of worldwide revenue. Furthermore, the collection and safeguarding of personal information has increasingly attracted enhanced scrutiny from the general public in the United States and Canada, which has resulted in additional actual and proposed legislative and regulatory rules at the federal, provincial and state levels (e.g., the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, Canada's Bill C-11 and Quebec s Bill-64). These regulations as well as their interpretation and criteria for enforcement, continue to be subject to frequent change, and there may be other jurisdictions that propose or enact new or emerging data privacy requirements in the future. As a result of such legislative and regulatory rules, we may be required to notify the owners of the personal information of any data breaches, which could harm our reputation and financial results, as well as subject us to litigation or actions by regulatory authorities. Furthermore, media or other reports of existing or perceived security vulnerabilities in our systems or those of our franchisees or vendors, or misuse of personal data, even if no breach has been attempted or has occurred, has and in the future may lead to investigations and litigation and may adversely impact our brand, reputation, and business. 
 Significant capital investments and other expenditures could be required to remedy a breach and prevent future problems, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts, and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been breached. These costs, which could be material, could adversely impact our results of operations during the period in which they are incurred. The techniques and sophistication used to conduct cyber-attacks and breaches, as well as the sources and targets of these attacks, change frequently and are often not recognized until such attacks are launched or have been in place for a period of time. Accordingly, our efforts and expenditures to prevent future cyber-attacks or breaches may not be successful. 
 Information technology system failures or interruptions or breaches of our network security may interrupt our operations, cause reputational harm, subject us to increased operating costs and expose us to litigation. 
 We rely heavily on our computer systems and network infrastructure across operations including, but not limited to, point-of-sale processing at our restaurants, as well as the systems of our third-party vendors to whom we outsource certain administrative functions. Despite our implementation of security measures, all of our technology systems (including those of our vendors) are vulnerable to damage, disruption or failures due to physical theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, or other catastrophic events, as well as from problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, internal and external security breaches, denial of service attacks, viruses, worms, and other disruptive problems caused by hackers. If any of our or our vendors' technology systems were to fail or become subject to ransomware and we were unable to recover in a timely way, we could experience an interruption in our operations. Furthermore, if unauthorized access to or use of our or our vendors' systems were to occur, data related to our proprietary information could be compromised. The occurrence of any of these incidents could have a material adverse effect on our 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 future financial condition and results of operations. To the extent that some of our worldwide reporting systems require or rely on manual processes, it could increase the risk of a breach due to human error. 
 Further, the standards for systems currently used for transmission and approval of electronic payment transactions, and the technology utilized in electronic payment themselves, all of which can put electronic payment data at risk, are determined and controlled by the payment card industry, not by us. If someone is able to circumvent our data security measures or those of third parties with whom we do business, including our franchisees, he or she could destroy or steal valuable information or disrupt our operations. Any security breach could expose us to risks of data loss, litigation, liability, and could seriously disrupt our operations. Any resulting negative publicity could significantly harm our reputation and could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Finally, we have expended and may need to continue to expend substantial financial and managerial resources to enhance our existing restaurant management systems, financial and management controls, information systems and personnel to accurately capture and reflect the financial and operational activities at our franchise restaurants. On occasion we have encountered, and may in the future encounter, challenges in receiving these results from our franchisees in a consistent and timely manner as a number of our systems and processes are not fully integrated worldwide. To the extent that we are not able to obtain transparency into our operations from our systems and manual estimations and effectively manage the information demands associated with significant growth, it could impair the ability of our management to react quickly to changes in the business or economic environment and our business and operating results could be negatively impacted. 
 Risks Related to our Common Shares 
 3G RBH owns approximately 29 of the combined voting power in RBI, and its interests may conflict with or differ from the interests of the other shareholders. 
 3G Restaurant Brands Holdings LP 3G RBH currently owns approximately 29 of the combined voting power in RBI. So long as 3G RBH continues to directly or indirectly own a significant amount of the voting power, it will continue to be able to strongly influence or effectively control business decisions of RBI. 3G RBH and its principals may have interests that are different from those of other shareholders, and 3G RBH may exercise its voting and other rights in a manner that may be adverse to the interests of such shareholders. In addition, this concentration of ownership could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control or otherwise discouraging a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of RBI, which could cause the market price of our common shares to decline or prevent our shareholders from realizing a premium over the market price for their common shares or Partnership exchangeable units. 
 Canadian laws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control. 
 We are a Canadian entity. The Investment Canada Act requires that a non-Canadian, as defined therein, file an application for review with the Minister responsible for the Investment Canada Act and obtain approval of the Minister prior to acquiring control of a Canadian business, where prescribed financial thresholds are exceeded. This may discourage a potential acquirer from proposing or completing a transaction that may otherwise present a premium to shareholders. 
 General Risks 
 The loss of key management personnel or our inability to attract and retain new qualified personnel could hurt our business. 
 We are dependent on the efforts and abilities of our senior management, including the executives managing each of our brands, and our success will also depend on our ability to attract and retain additional qualified employees. Failure to attract personnel sufficiently qualified to execute our strategy, or to retain existing key personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Also, integration of strategic transactions such as the acquisition of Firehouse Subs may divert management s attention from other initiatives, and effectively executing our growth strategy. 
 We have been, and in the future may be, subject to litigation that could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We are regularly involved in litigation including related to disputes with franchisees, suppliers, employees, team members, and customers, as well as disputes over our advertising claims about our food and over our intellectual property. See the discussion of Legal Proceedings in Note 17, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Active and potential disputes with franchisees could damage our brand reputation and our relationships with our broader franchise base. Such litigation may be expensive to defend, harm our reputation and divert resources away from our operations and negatively impact our reported earnings. Also, legal proceedings against a franchisee or its affiliates by third parties, whether in the ordinary course of business or otherwise, may include claims against us by virtue of our relationship with the franchisee. We, or our 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 business partners, may become subject to claims for infringement of intellectual property rights and we may be required to indemnify or defend our business partners from such claims. Should management s evaluation of our current exposure to legal matters pending against us prove incorrect and such claims are successful, our exposure could exceed expectations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although some losses may be covered by insurance, if there are significant losses that are not covered, or there is a delay in receiving insurance proceeds, or the proceeds are insufficient to offset our losses fully, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Toronto, Ontario and consists of approximately 65,000 square feet which we lease. Our U.S. headquarters is located in Miami, Florida and consists of approximately 150,000 square feet which we lease. We also lease office property in Switzerland, Singapore and Jacksonville, Florida. Related to the TH business, we own five distribution centers and own two manufacturing plants throughout Canada. In addition to our corporate headquarters in Toronto, Ontario, we lease one office in Canada and lease one manufacturing plant in the U.S. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our restaurant footprint was as follows: 
 TH BK PLK FHS Total Franchise Restaurants Sites owned by us and leased to franchisees 767 648 38 1,453 Sites leased by us and subleased to franchisees 2,764 716 45 3,525 Sites owned/leased directly by franchisees 2,062 18,375 3,967 1,203 25,607 Total franchise restaurant sites 5,593 19,739 4,050 1,203 30,585 Company Restaurants Sites owned by us 1 16 10 27 Sites leased by us 6 34 31 39 110 Total company restaurant sites 7 50 41 39 137 Total system-wide restaurant sites 5,600 19,789 4,091 1,242 30,722 
 We believe that our existing headquarters and other leased and owned facilities are adequate to meet our current requirements. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business relating to matters including, but not limited to, disputes with franchisees, suppliers, employees and customers, as well as disputes over our intellectual property. 
 See Note 17, Commitments and Contingencies, to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of our Annual Report for more information on certain legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market for Our Common Shares 
 Our common shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE and Toronto Stock Exchange TSX under the ticker symbol QSR . The Class B exchangeable limited partnership units of Partnership (the Partnership exchangeable units trade on the TSX under the ticker symbol QSP . As of February 14, 2023, there were 21,049 holders of record of our common shares. 
 Dividend Policy 
 On February 14, 2023, we announced that the board of directors had declared a cash dividend of 0.55 per common share for the first quarter of 2023. The dividend will be paid on April 5, 2023 to common shareholders of record on March 22, 2023. Partnership will also make a distribution in respect of each Partnership exchangeable unit in the amount of 0.55 per Partnership exchangeable unit, and the record date and payment date for distributions on Partnership exchangeable units are the same as the record date and payment date set forth above. 
 We are targeting a total of 2.20 in declared dividends per common share and distributions in respect of each Partnership exchangeable unit for 2023. 
 Although our board of directors declared a cash dividend on our common shares for each quarter of 2022 and for the first quarter of 2023, any future dividends on our common shares will be determined at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, including the terms of the agreements governing our debt and any future indebtedness we may incur, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. Although we are targeting a total of 2.20 in declared dividends per common share and Partnership exchangeable unit for 2023, there is no assurance that we will achieve our target total dividend for 2023 and satisfy our debt service and other obligations. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On July 28, 2021, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program that allows us to purchase up to 1,000 million of RBI common shares until August 10, 2023. During 2022, we repurchased and cancelled 6,101,364 RBI common shares for 326 million and, during 2021, we repurchased and cancelled 9,247,648 RBI common shares for 551 million and as of December 31, 2022, had 123 million remaining under the authorization. 
 During 2022, Partnership received exchange notices representing 1,996,818 Partnership exchangeable units, including 301,959 during the fourth quarter of 2022. Pursuant to the terms of the partnership agreement, Partnership satisfied the exchange notices by exchanging the Partnership exchangeable units for the same number of our newly issued common shares. During 2021, Partnership received exchange notices representing 10,119,880 Partnership exchangeable units and satisfied the exchange notices by exchanging the Partnership exchangeable units for the same number of newly issued common shares. During 2020, Partnership received exchange notices representing 10,393,861 Partnership exchangeable units. Pursuant to the terms of the partnership agreement, Partnership satisfied the exchange notices by repurchasing 6,757,692 Partnership exchangeable units for approximately 380 million in cash and exchanging the remaining Partnership exchangeable units for the same number of our newly issued common shares. Pursuant to the terms of the partnership agreement, the purchase price for the Partnership exchangeable units was based on the weighted average trading price of our common shares on the NYSE for the 20 consecutive trading days ending on the last business day prior to the exchange date. Upon the exchange of Partnership exchangeable units, each such Partnership exchangeable unit was automatically deemed cancelled concurrently with such exchange. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows the Company s cumulative shareholder returns over the period from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022. The graph depicts the total return to shareholders from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022, relative to the performance of the Standard Poor s 500 Index and the Standard Poor s Restaurant Index, a peer group. The graph assumes an investment of 100 in the Company's common stock and each index on December 31, 2017 and the reinvestment of dividends paid since that date. The stock price performance shown in the graph is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. 

12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Restaurant Brands International (NYSE) 100 88 110 110 113 125 S P 500 Index 100 96 126 149 192 157 S P Restaurant Index 100 111 137 162 200 183 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. [Reserved] 

26 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following discussion together with our audited Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2022 (our Annual Report ). 
 The following discussion includes information regarding future financial performance and plans, targets, aspirations, expectations, and objectives of management, which constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and forward-looking information within the meaning of the Canadian securities laws as described in further detail under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements that is set forth below. Actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements because of a number of risks and uncertainties, including the matters discussed in the Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements below. In addition, please refer to the risks set forth under the caption Risk Factors included in this Annual Report for a further description of risks and uncertainties affecting our business and financial results. Historical trends should not be taken as indicative of future operations and financial results. Other than as required under the U.S. Federal securities laws or the Canadian securities laws, we do not assume a duty to update these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or circumstances, changes in expectations or otherwise. 
 We prepare our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP or GAAP ). However, this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations also contains certain non-GAAP financial measures to assist readers in understanding our performance. Non-GAAP financial measures either exclude or include amounts that are not reflected in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. Where non-GAAP financial measures are used, we have provided the most directly comparable measures calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, a reconciliation to GAAP measures and a discussion of the reasons why management believes this information is useful to it and may be useful to investors. 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this section to RBI , the Company , we , us or our are to Restaurant Brands International Inc. and its subsidiaries, collectively and all references in this section to Partnership are to Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership and its subsidiaries, collectively. 
 All references to or dollars in this report are to the currency of the United States unless otherwise indicated. All references to Canadian dollars or C are to the currency of Canada unless otherwise indicated. 
 This section generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and the year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. For discussion of our financial condition and results of operations for 2020 and the year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020, refer to the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II, Item 7 of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022. 
 Overview 
 We are a Canadian corporation that serves as the indirect holding company for Tim Hortons, Burger King, Popeyes and Firehouse Subs and their consolidated subsidiaries. We are one of the world s largest quick service restaurant QSR companies with over 35 billion in annual system-wide sales and approximately 30,000 restaurants in more than 100 countries as of December 31, 2022. Our Tim Hortons , Burger King , Popeyes and Firehouse Subs brands have similar franchise business models with complementary daypart mixes and product platforms. Our four iconic brands are managed independently while benefiting from global scale and sharing of best practices. 
 Tim Hortons restaurants are quick service restaurants with a menu that includes premium blend coffee, tea, espresso-based hot and cold specialty drinks, fresh baked goods, including donuts, Timbits , bagels, muffins, cookies and pastries, grilled paninis, classic sandwiches, wraps, soups, and more. Burger King restaurants are quick service restaurants that feature flame-grilled hamburgers, chicken, and other specialty sandwiches, french fries, soft drinks, and other affordably-priced food items. Popeyes restaurants are quick service restaurants featuring a unique Louisiana style menu that includes fried chicken, fried shrimp and other seafood, red beans and rice, and other regional items. Firehouse Subs restaurants are quick service restaurants featuring hot and hearty subs piled high with quality meats and cheese as well as chopped salads, chili and soups, signature and other sides, soft drinks and local specialties. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 We have four operating and reportable segments: (1) Tim Hortons TH (2) Burger King BK (3) Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen PLK and (4) Firehouse Subs FHS ). Our business generates revenue from the following sources: (i) sales, consisting primarily of supply chain sales, which represent sales of products, supplies and restaurant equipment to franchisees, as well as sales to retailers and sales at restaurants owned by us Company restaurants (ii) franchise revenues, consisting primarily of royalties based on a percentage of sales reported by franchise restaurants and franchise fees paid by franchisees; (iii) property revenues from properties we lease or sublease to franchisees; and (iv) advertising revenues and other services, consisting primarily of advertising fund contributions based on a percentage of sales reported by franchise restaurants. 
 Firehouse Acquisition 
 As described in Note 3, Firehouse Acquisition, to the notes to the consolidated financial statements, on December 15, 2021, we completed the acquisition of Firehouse Subs for total consideration of approximately 1,016 million (the Firehouse Acquisition ). Our 2022 consolidated statement of operations includes FHS revenues and segment income for a full fiscal year. Our 2021 consolidated statement of operations included FHS revenues and segment income from the acquisition date of December 15, 2021 through December 26, 2021, the 2021 fiscal year end for FHS. 
 Operating Metrics 
 We evaluate our restaurants and assess our business based on the following operating metrics: 
 System-wide sales growth refers to the percentage change in sales at all franchise restaurants and Company restaurants (referred to as system-wide sales) in one period from the same period in the prior year. 
 Comparable sales refers to the percentage change in restaurant sales in one period from the same prior year period for restaurants that have been open for 13 months or longer for TH, BK and FHS and 17 months or longer for PLK. Additionally, if a restaurant is closed for a significant portion of a month, the restaurant is excluded from the monthly comparable sales calculation. 
 System-wide sales growth and comparable sales are measured on a constant currency basis, which means the results exclude the effect of foreign currency translation FX Impact ). For system-wide sales growth and comparable sales, we calculate the FX Impact by translating prior year results at current year monthly average exchange rates. 
 Unless otherwise stated, system-wide sales growth, system-wide sales and comparable sales are presented on a system-wide basis, which means they include franchise restaurants and Company restaurants. System-wide results are driven by our franchise restaurants, as approximately 100 of system-wide restaurants are franchised. Franchise sales represent sales at all franchise restaurants and are revenues to our franchisees. We do not record franchise sales as revenues; however, our royalty revenues and advertising fund contributions are calculated based on a percentage of franchise sales. 
 Net restaurant growth refers to the net increase in restaurant count (openings, net of permanent closures) over a trailing twelve month period, divided by the restaurant count at the beginning of the trailing twelve month period. 
 These metrics are important indicators of the overall direction of our business, including trends in sales and the effectiveness of each brand s marketing, operations and growth initiatives. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents our operating metrics for each of the periods indicated, which have been derived from our internal records. We evaluate our restaurants and assess our business based on these operating metrics. These metrics may differ from those used by other companies in our industry who may define these metrics differently. 
 2022 2021 2020 System-wide sales growth Tim Hortons 13.7 12.5 (17.5) Burger King 14.3 15.9 (11.1) Popeyes 9.4 7.3 17.7 Consolidated (a) 13.4 13.8 (8.6) Firehouse Subs (b) 4.2 25.1 1.8 System-wide sales in millions) Tim Hortons 7,164 6,526 5,488 Burger King 25,482 23,450 20,038 Popeyes 5,951 5,519 5,143 Firehouse Subs 1,154 N/A N/A Consolidated (a) 39,751 35,495 30,669 Firehouse Subs (b) N/A 1,091 872 Comparable sales Tim Hortons 10.0 10.6 (15.7) Burger King 9.7 9.3 (7.9) Popeyes 1.4 (0.4) 13.8 Consolidated (a) 8.5 7.9 (6.6) Firehouse Subs (b) 0.6 20.9 (0.2) Net restaurant growth Tim Hortons 5.8 6.9 0.3 Burger King 2.8 3.3 (1.1) Popeyes 10.4 7.4 4.1 Firehouse Subs 2.4 N/A N/A Consolidated (a) 4.3 4.5 (0.2) Firehouse Subs (b) N/A 1.6 0.7 System Restaurant count Tim Hortons 5,600 5,291 4,949 Burger King 19,789 19,247 18,625 Popeyes 4,091 3,705 3,451 Firehouse Subs 1,242 1,213 Consolidated 30,722 29,456 27,025 Firehouse Subs (b) N/A N/A 1,194 
 (a) Consolidated system-wide sales growth and consolidated comparable sales do not include the results of Firehouse Subs for all of the periods presented. Consolidated system-wide sales and consolidated net restaurant growth do not include the results of Firehouse Subs for 2021 and 2020. 
 (b) For 2022, FHS system-wide sales growth, system-wide sales, comparable sales and net restaurant growth are for the period from December 27, 2021 through December 31, 2022. Firehouse Subs figures for 2021 and 2020 are shown for informational purposes only, consistent with its 2021 and 2020 fiscal calendar. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 War in Ukraine 
 During the first quarter of 2022, we shared a number of actions that we have taken as a result of the events related to Russia's military invasion of Ukraine. Burger King is our only brand with restaurants in Russia, all of which are operated under a master franchise arrangement. We suspended all corporate support for the Russian market, including operations, marketing, and supply chain support in addition to refusing approvals for new investment and expansion. While for 2022 we include results from our franchised restaurants in Russia within reported key business metrics, we did not generate any new profits from restaurants in Russia in 2022 and do not expect to generate any new profits in 2023. Consequently, beginning in the first quarter of 2023, we intend to report key business metrics excluding the results from our franchised restaurants in Russia for all periods presented. 
 Below are the RBI consolidated and BK segment operational highlights excluding the results from Russia for each of the periods indicated. 
 Key Business Metrics (excluding Russia) 2022 2021 2020 System-wide sales growth BK 13.5 15.1 (10.9) Consolidated (a) 12.9 13.3 (8.4) System-wide sales (in US millions) BK 24,402 22,726 19,532 Consolidated (a) 38,671 34,771 30,163 Comparable sales BK 9.0 8.7 (7.7) Consolidated (a) 7.9 7.6 (6.4) Net restaurant growth BK 2.9 3.2 (1.2) Consolidated (a) 4.4 4.4 (0.3) Restaurant count BK 18,969 18,427 17,860 Consolidated 29,902 28,636 26,260 
 (a) Consolidated system-wide sales growth, consolidated comparable sales, and consolidated net restaurant growth do not include the results of Firehouse Subs for all of the periods presented. Consolidated system-wide sales do not include the results of Firehouse Subs for 2021 and 2020. Consolidated restaurant count does not include the results of Firehouse Subs for 2020. 
 COVID-19 and Macro Economic Environment 
 The global crisis resulting from the spread of COVID-19 impacted our global restaurant operations during 2022, 2021 and 2020, though in 2022 the impact was more modest than in the prior years. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, substantially all restaurants remained open, some with limited operations, such as reduced, if any, dine-in capacity, and/or restrictions on hours of operation. Certain markets periodically required temporary closures while implementing government mandated lockdown orders. For example, while most regions eased restrictions, increases in cases and new variants caused certain markets, including China, to re-impose temporary restrictions as a result of government mandates in 2022. 
 In addition, during 2022, there were increases in commodity, labor, and energy costs partially due to the macroeconomic impact of both COVID-19 and the war in Ukraine. Further significant increases in inflation could affect the global, Canadian and U.S. economies, resulting in foreign exchange pressures and rising interest rates which could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations if we and our franchisees are not able to adjust prices sufficiently to offset the effect of cost increases without negatively impacting consumer demand. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Tabular amounts in millions of U.S. dollars unless noted otherwise. Segment income may not calculate exactly due to rounding. 
 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Consolidated 2022 2021 2020 Variance FX Impact (a) Variance Excluding FX Impact Variance FX Impact Variance Excluding FX Impact Favorable / (Unfavorable) Revenues: Sales 2,819 2,378 2,013 441 (79) 520 365 108 257 Franchise and property revenues 2,661 2,443 2,121 218 (84) 302 322 55 267 Advertising revenues and other services 1,025 918 834 107 (11) 118 84 13 71 Total revenues 6,505 5,739 4,968 766 (174) 940 771 176 595 Operating costs and expenses: Cost of sales 2,312 1,890 1,610 (422) 62 (484) (280) (86) (194) Franchise and property expenses 518 489 515 (29) 12 (41) 26 (22) 48 Advertising expenses and other services 1,077 986 870 (91) 13 (104) (116) (14) (102) General and administrative expenses 631 484 407 (147) 10 (157) (77) (9) (68) (Income) loss from equity method investments 44 4 39 (40) (1) (39) 35 35 Other operating expenses (income), net 25 7 105 (18) (9) (9) 98 1 97 Total operating costs and expenses 4,607 3,860 3,546 (747) 87 (834) (314) (130) (184) Income from operations 1,898 1,879 1,422 19 (87) 106 457 46 411 Interest expense, net 533 505 508 (28) 1 (29) 3 (1) 4 Loss on early extinguishment of debt 11 98 11 11 87 87 Income before income taxes 1,365 1,363 816 2 (86) 88 547 45 502 Income tax (benefit) expense (117) 110 66 227 4 223 (44) 1 (45) Net income 1,482 1,253 750 229 (82) 311 503 46 457 
 (a) We calculate the FX Impact by translating prior year results at current year monthly average exchange rates. We analyze these results on a constant currency basis as this helps identify underlying business trends, without distortion from the effects of currency movements. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 TH Segment 2022 2021 2020 Variance FX Impact (a) Variance Excluding FX Impact Variance FX Impact Variance Excluding FX Impact Favorable / (Unfavorable) Revenues: Sales 2,631 2,249 1,876 382 (79) 461 373 108 265 Franchise and property revenues 925 864 745 61 (30) 91 119 44 75 Advertising revenues and other services 267 229 189 38 (8) 46 40 11 29 Total revenues 3,823 3,342 2,810 481 (117) 598 532 163 369 Cost of sales 2,131 1,765 1,484 (366) 62 (428) (281) (86) (195) Franchise and property expenses 333 337 328 4 11 (7) (9) (20) 11 Advertising expenses and other services 280 278 204 (2) 10 (12) (74) (12) (62) Segment G A 127 109 93 (18) 3 (21) (16) (4) (12) Segment depreciation and amortization (b) 109 126 113 17 4 13 (13) (6) (7) Segment income (c) 1,073 997 823 76 (35) 111 174 47 127 
 (b) Segment depreciation and amortization consists of depreciation and amortization included in cost of sales and franchise and property expenses. 
 (c) TH segment income includes 13 million, 17 million and 9 million of cash distributions received from equity method investments for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 BK Segment 2022 2021 2020 Variance FX Impact (a) Variance Excluding FX Impact Variance FX Impact Variance Excluding FX Impact Favorable / (Unfavorable) Revenues: Sales 70 64 64 6 6 Franchise and property revenues 1,342 1,292 1,113 50 (52) 102 179 11 168 Advertising revenues and other services 485 457 425 28 (3) 31 32 2 30 Total revenues 1,897 1,813 1,602 84 (55) 139 211 13 198 Cost of sales 74 66 65 (8) (8) (1) (1) Franchise and property expenses 167 142 176 (25) 1 (26) 34 (2) 36 Advertising expenses and other services 522 473 442 (49) 3 (52) (31) (2) (29) Segment G A 177 162 146 (15) 4 (19) (16) (1) (15) Segment depreciation and amortization (b) 47 48 49 1 1 1 1 Segment income (d) 1,007 1,021 823 (14) (48) 34 198 8 190 
 (d) BK segment income includes 1 million and 4 million of cash distributions received from equity method investments for 2022 and 2021, respectively. No significant cash distributions were received from equity method investments in 2020. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 PLK Segment 2022 2021 2020 Variance FX Impact (a) Variance Excluding FX Impact Variance FX Impact Variance Excluding FX Impact Favorable / (Unfavorable) Revenues: Sales 78 64 73 14 14 (9) (9) Franchise and property revenues 309 283 263 26 (2) 28 20 20 Advertising revenues and other services 260 232 220 28 28 12 12 Total revenues 647 579 556 68 (2) 70 23 23 Cost of sales 72 58 61 (14) (14) 3 3 Franchise and property expenses 11 9 11 (2) (2) 2 2 Advertising expenses and other services 263 235 224 (28) (28) (11) (11) Segment G A 65 56 49 (9) (9) (7) (7) Segment depreciation and amortization (b) 7 7 8 1 1 Segment income 242 228 218 14 (2) 16 10 10 
 FHS Segment 2022 2021 Variance Revenues: Sales 40 1 39 Franchise and property revenues 85 4 81 Advertising revenues and other services 13 13 Total revenues 138 5 133 Cost of sales 35 1 (34) Franchise and property expenses 7 1 (6) Advertising expenses and other services 12 (12) Segment G A 31 1 (30) Segment depreciation and amortization (b) 2 (2) Segment income 56 2 54 
 
 Comparable Sales 
 TH comparable sales were 10.0 during 2022, including Canada comparable sales of 11.6 . 
 BK comparable sales were 9.7 during 2022, including rest of the world comparable sales of 15.9 and U.S. comparable sales of 2.2 . 
 PLK comparable sales were 1.4 during 2022, including U.S. comparable sales of (0.5) . 
 FHS comparable sales were 0.6 during 2022, including U.S. comparable sales of 1.1 . 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Sales and Cost of Sales 
 Sales include TH supply chain sales and sales from Company restaurants. TH supply chain sales represent sales of products, supplies and restaurant equipment, as well as sales to retailers. Sales from Company restaurants represent restaurant-level sales to our guests. 
 Cost of sales includes costs associated with the management of our TH supply chain, including cost of goods, direct labor and depreciation, as well as the cost of products sold to retailers. Cost of sales also includes food, paper and labor costs of Company restaurants. 
 During 2022, the increase in sales was driven by an increase of 461 million in our TH segment, an increase of 39 million from our FHS segment reflecting a full year, an increase of 14 million in our PLK segment and an increase of 6 million in our BK segment, partially offset by an unfavorable FX Impact of 79 million. The increase in our TH segment was primarily driven by an increase in supply chain sales due to an increase in system-wide sales as well as increases in commodity prices passed on to franchisees and an increase in sales to retailers. 
 During 2022, the increase in cost of sales was primarily driven by an increase of 428 million in our TH segment, an increase of 34 million from our FHS segment reflecting a full year, an increase of 14 million in our PLK segment and an increase of 8 million in our BK segment, partially offset by a favorable FX Impact of 62 million. The increase in our TH segment was driven by increases in supply chain sales and sales to retailers, as well as commodity price increases. 
 Franchise and Property 
 Franchise and property revenues consist primarily of royalties earned on franchise sales, rents from real estate leased or subleased to franchisees, franchise fees, and other revenue. Franchise and property expenses consist primarily of depreciation of properties leased to franchisees, rental expense associated with properties subleased to franchisees, amortization of franchise agreements, and bad debt expense (recoveries). 
 During 2022, the increase in franchise and property revenues was driven by an increase of 102 million in our BK segment, an increase of 91 million in our TH segment, an increase of 81 million from our FHS segment reflecting a full year, and an increase of 28 million in our PLK segment, partially offset by an unfavorable FX Impact of 84 million. The increases were primarily driven by increases in royalties in our BK, TH and PLK segments and increases in rent in our TH segment, as a result of increases in system-wide sales. 
 During 2022, the increase in franchise and property expenses was driven by an increase of 26 million in our BK segment, an increase of 7 million in our TH segment, an increase of 6 million from our FHS segment reflecting a full year, and an increase of 2 million in our PLK segment, partially offset by a favorable FX Impact of 12 million. The increase in our BK segment was primarily related to bad debt expenses in the current year, inclusive of Russia, compared to bad debt recoveries in the prior year. 
 Advertising and Other Services 
 Advertising revenues and other services consist primarily of advertising contributions earned on franchise sales and are based on a percentage of sales reported by franchise restaurants and intended to fund advertising expenses. This line item also includes other services which consist primarily of fees from digital sales that partially offset expenses related to technology initiatives. Advertising expenses and other services consist primarily of expenses relating to marketing, advertising and promotion, including market research, production, advertising costs, sales promotions, social media campaigns, technology initiatives, depreciation and amortization and other related support functions for the respective brands. We generally manage advertising expenses to equal advertising revenues in the long term, however in some periods there may be a mismatch in the timing of revenues and expense or higher expenses due to our support initiatives behind the marketing programs. 
 During 2022, the increase in advertising revenues and other services was driven by an increase of 46 million in our TH segment, an increase of 31 million in our BK segment, an increase of 28 million in our PLK segment, and an increase of 13 million from our FHS segment reflecting a full year, partially offset by an unfavorable FX Impact of 11 million. The increases in our TH, BK and PLK segments were primarily driven by increases in system-wide sales. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 During 2022, the increase in advertising expenses and other services was driven by an increase of 52 million in our BK segment, an increase of 28 million in our PLK segment, an increase of 12 million in our TH segment, and an increase of 12 million in our FHS segment reflecting a full year, partially offset by a favorable FX Impact of 13 million. The increases in our BK, PLK and TH segments were driven primarily by increases in advertising revenues and other services. Additionally, our BK segment reflects increases in expenses related to technology initiatives and our TH segment reflects the non-recurrence of our support behind the prior year marketing program in Canada. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 Our general and administrative expenses were comprised of the following: 
 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 2022 2021 2020 Favorable / (Unfavorable) TH Segment G A 127 109 93 (18) (17) (16) (17) BK Segment G A 177 162 146 (15) (9) (16) (11) PLK Segment G A 65 56 49 (9) (16) (7) (14) FHS Segment G A 31 1 (30) NM (1) NM Share-based compensation and non-cash incentive compensation expense 136 102 84 (34) (33) (18) (21) Depreciation and amortization 25 20 19 (5) (25) (1) (5) FHS Transaction costs 24 18 (6) (33) (18) NM Corporate restructuring and tax advisory fees 46 16 16 (30) (188) General and administrative expenses 631 484 407 (147) (30) (77) (19) 
 NM - Not meaningful 
 Segment general and administrative expenses Segment G A consist primarily of salary and employee-related costs for non-restaurant employees, professional fees, information technology systems, and general overhead for our corporate offices. Segment G A excludes share-based compensation and non-cash incentive compensation expense, depreciation and amortization, FHS Transaction costs and Corporate restructuring and tax advisory fees. 
 During 2022, the increases in Segment G A for our TH, BK and PLK segments were primarily driven by higher salary and employee-related costs for non-restaurant employees, largely a result of hiring across a number of key areas including operations and franchising, and the increase in Segment G A for our FHS segment is driven by a full year of results in 2022. 
 During 2022, the increase in share-based compensation and non-cash incentive compensation expense was primarily due to an increase in equity awards granted during 2022, shorter vesting periods for equity awards granted in 2022 and 2021 and the non-recurrence of equity award forfeitures during 2021. 
 In connection with the Firehouse Acquisition, we incurred certain non-recurring fees and expenses FHS Transaction costs consisting of professional fees, compensation related expenses and integration costs. We expect to incur additional FHS Transaction costs in early 2023. 
 In connection with certain transformational corporate restructuring initiatives that rationalize our structure and optimize cash movement within our structure, including services related to significant tax reform legislation, regulations and related restructuring initiatives, we incurred non-operating expenses primarily from professional advisory and consulting services Corporate restructuring and tax advisory fees ). The increase in Corporate restructuring and tax advisory fees in 2022 reflects increased costs associated with finalizing restructuring initiatives and execution of restructuring actions in 2022 compared to primarily planning activities in 2021. We expect to incur additional Corporate restructuring and tax advisory fees during 2023. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 (Income) Loss from Equity Method Investments 
 (Income) loss from equity method investments reflects our share of investee net income or loss, non-cash dilution gains or losses from changes in our ownership interests in equity method investees and impairment charges. 
 The change in (income) loss from equity method investments during 2022 was primarily driven by an increase in equity method investment net losses and an impairment charge that we recognized during the current year. For additional information on equity method impairment charges, s ee Note 7, Equity Method Investments , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of our Annual Report. 
 Other Operating Expenses (Income), net 
 Our other operating expenses (income), net were comprised of the following: 
 2022 2021 2020 Net losses (gains) on disposal of assets, restaurant closures and refranchisings 4 2 6 Litigation settlements and reserves, net 11 81 7 Net losses (gains) on foreign exchange (4) (76) 100 Other, net 14 (8) Other operating expenses (income), net 25 7 105 
 Net losses (gains) on disposal of assets, restaurant closures, and refranchisings represent sales of properties and other costs related to restaurant closures and refranchisings. Gains and losses recognized in the current period may reflect certain costs related to closures and refranchisings that occurred in previous periods. 
 Litigation settlements and reserves, net primarily reflects accruals and payments made and proceeds received in connection with litigation and arbitration matters and other business disputes. 
 In early 2022, we entered into negotiations to resolve business disputes that arose during 2021 with counterparties to the master franchise agreements for Burger King and Popeyes in China. Based on these discussions, we paid approximately 100 million in 2022, 5 million and 72 million of which was recorded as Litigation settlements and reserves, net in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The majority of this amount related to Popeyes, resolved our disputes, and allowed us to move forward in the market with a new master franchisee. Additionally, pursuant to this agreement we and our partners have made equity contributions to the Burger King business in China. 
 Net losses (gains) on foreign exchange are primarily related to revaluation of foreign denominated assets and liabilities. 
 Interest Expense, net 
 2022 2021 2020 Interest expense, net 533 505 508 Weighted average interest rate on long-term debt 4.4 4.2 4.4 
 During 2022, interest expense, net increased primarily due to an increase in long-term debt and an increase in the weighted average interest rate driven by increases in interest rates. There is a market expectation that U.S. benchmark rates will continue to increase in 2023, which would impact our floating rate debt. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 Our effective tax rate was (8.6) in 2022 and 8.1 in 2021. The effective tax rate for 2022 includes a net decrease in tax reserves of 364 million related primarily to expiring statutes of limitations for certain prior tax years which decreased the effective tax rate by 26.7 . The effective tax rate for 2021 includes a net decrease in tax reserves of 101 million related primarily to expiring statutes of limitations for certain prior tax years which decreased the effective tax rate by 7.4 . The effective tax rates for 2022 and 2021 also reflect the mix of income from multiple tax jurisdictions, and the impact of internal financing arrangements and structural changes. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Net Income 
 We reported net income of 1,482 million for 2022 compared to net income of 1,253 million for 2021. The increase in net income is primarily due to an income tax benefit of 117 million in the current year compared to an income tax expense of 110 million in the prior year, a 76 million increase in TH segment income, a 54 million increase in FHS segment income reflecting a full year, a 14 million increase in PLK segment income, the non-recurrence of 11 million of loss on early extinguishment of debt, and an 11 million decrease in depreciation and amortization. These factors were partially offset by a 34 million increase in share-based compensation and non-cash incentive compensation expense, a 34 million unfavorable change from the impact of equity method investments, a 30 million increase in Corporate restructuring and tax advisory fees, a 28 million increase in interest expense, net, an 18 million increase in other operating expenses (income), net, a 14 million decrease in BK segment income, and an increase of 6 million of FHS Transaction costs. Amounts above include a total unfavorable FX Impact to net income of 82 million. 
 Non-GAAP Reconciliations 
 The table below contains information regarding EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, which are non-GAAP measures. These non-GAAP measures do not have a standardized meaning under U.S. GAAP and may differ from similar captioned measures of other companies in our industry. We believe that these non-GAAP measures are useful to investors in assessing our operating performance, as they provide them with the same tools that management uses to evaluate our performance and are responsive to questions we receive from both investors and analysts. By disclosing these non-GAAP measures, we intend to provide investors with a consistent comparison of our operating results and trends for the periods presented. EBITDA is defined as earnings (net income or loss) before interest expense, net, loss on early extinguishment of debt, income tax (benefit) expense, and depreciation and amortization and is used by management to measure operating performance of the business. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA excluding (i) the non-cash impact of share-based compensation and non-cash incentive compensation expense, (ii) (income) loss from equity method investments, net of cash distributions received from equity method investments, (iii) other operating expenses (income), net and, (iv) income/expenses from non-recurring projects and non-operating activities. For the periods referenced, income/expenses from non-recurring projects and non-operating activities included (i) non-recurring fees and expense incurred in connection with the Firehouse Acquisition consisting of professional fees, compensation related expenses and integration costs; and (ii) non-operating costs from professional advisory and consulting services associated with certain transformational corporate restructuring initiatives that rationalize our structure and optimize cash movements, including services related to significant tax reform legislation, regulations and related restructuring initiatives. Management believes that these types of expenses are either not related to our underlying profitability drivers or not likely to re-occur in the foreseeable future and the varied timing, size and nature of these projects may cause volatility in our results unrelated to the performance of our core business that does not reflect trends of our core operations. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA is used by management to measure operating performance of the business, excluding these non-cash and other specifically identified items that management believes are not relevant to management s assessment of our operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA, as defined above, also represents our measure of segment income for each of our four operating segments. 
 
 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Favorable / (Unfavorable) Net income 1,482 1,253 750 229 503 Income tax (benefit) expense (117) 110 66 227 (44) Loss on early extinguishment of debt 11 98 11 87 Interest expense, net 533 505 508 (28) 3 Income from operations 1,898 1,879 1,422 19 457 Depreciation and amortization 190 201 189 11 (12) EBITDA 2,088 2,080 1,611 8 469 Share-based compensation and non-cash incentive compensation expense 136 102 84 (34) (18) FHS Transaction costs 24 18 (6) (18) Corporate restructuring and tax advisory fees 46 16 16 (30) Impact of equity method investments (a) 59 25 48 (34) 23 Other operating expenses (income), net 25 7 105 (18) 98 Adjusted EBITDA 2,378 2,248 1,864 130 384 Segment income: TH 1,073 997 823 76 174 BK 1,007 1,021 823 (14) 198 PLK 242 228 218 14 10 FHS 56 2 54 2 Adjusted EBITDA 2,378 2,248 1,864 130 384 
 (a) Represents (i) (income) loss from equity method investments and (ii) cash distributions received from our equity method investments. Cash distributions received from our equity method investments are included in segment income. 
 The increase in Adjusted EBITDA for 2022 was driven primarily by an increase in TH segment income and the inclusion of a full year of FHS in 2022 compared to the period December 15 through December 26 in the prior year. The increase in segment income for our TH segment was driven by the increase in system-wide sales and by advertising expenses exceeding advertising revenues in the current year to a lesser extent than in the prior year driven by our support behind the marketing program in Canada in the prior year, partially offset by an increase in TH Segment G A and lower cash distributions received from equity method investments. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA includes an unfavorable FX Impact of 85 million. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are cash on hand, cash generated by operations and borrowings available under our Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below). We have used, and may in the future use, our liquidity to make required interest and/or principal payments, to repurchase our common shares, to repurchase Class B exchangeable limited partnership units of Partnership Partnership exchangeable units ), to voluntarily prepay and repurchase our or one of our affiliate s outstanding debt, to fund acquisitions such as the Firehouse Acquisition and other investing activities, such as capital expenditures and joint ventures, and to pay dividends on our common shares and make distributions on the Partnership exchangeable units. As a result of our borrowings, we are highly leveraged. Our liquidity requirements are significant, primarily due to debt service requirements. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 1,178 million and borrowing availability of 998 million under our senior secured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). Based on our current level of operations and available cash, we believe our cash flow from operations, combined with our availability under our Revolving Credit Facility, will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our current obligations, debt service requirements and capital spending over the next twelve months. 
 In September 2022, Burger King shared the details of its Reclaim the Flame plan to accelerate sales growth and drive franchisee profitability. As part of the plan, we will enhance ongoing franchisee investments by investing 400 million over the next two years, comprising 150 million in advertising and digital investments Fuel the Flame and 250 million in high-quality remodels and relocations, restaurant technology, kitchen equipment, and building enhancements Royal Reset ). As of December 31, 2022, we have funded a total of 13 million toward the Fuel the Flame investment and 17 million toward our Royal Reset investment. 
 On July 28, 2021, our board of directors approved a share repurchase authorization that allows us to purchase up to 1,000 million of our common shares until August 10, 2023. As a public company operating in Canada, we must file a notice of intention to make a normal course issuer bid with the stock exchanges we are listed on and receive their approval before proceeding with a share repurchase. On August 12, 2022, we announced that the Toronto Stock Exchange (the TSX had accepted the notice of our intention to renew the normal course issuer bid. Under this normal course issuer bid, we are permitted to repurchase up to 30,254,374 common shares for the 12-month period commencing on August 17, 2022 and ending on August 16, 2023, or earlier if we complete the repurchases prior to such date. Share repurchases under the normal course issuer bid will be made through the facilities of the TSX, the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE and/or other exchanges and alternative Canadian or foreign trading systems, if eligible, or by such other means as may be permitted by the TSX and/or the NYSE under applicable law. Shareholders may obtain a copy of the prior notice, free of charge, by contacting us. During 2022, we repurchased and cancelled 6,101,364 RBI common shares on the open market for 326 million and during 2021 we repurchased and cancelled 9,247,648 RBI common shares on the open market for 551 million and as of December 31, 2022 had 123 million remaining under the authorization and 30,253,822 shares remaining under the normal course issuer bid. Repurchases under the Company s authorization will be made in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. 
 We generally provide applicable deferred taxes based on the tax liability or withholding taxes that would be due upon repatriation of cash associated with unremitted earnings. We will continue to monitor our plans for such cash and related foreign earnings but our expectation is to continue to provide taxes on unremitted earnings that we expect to distribute. 
 Debt Instruments and Debt Service Requirements 
 As of December 31, 2022, our long-term debt consists primarily of borrowings under our Credit Facilities (as defined below), amounts outstanding under our 3.875 First Lien Senior Notes due 2028, 5.75 First Lien Senior Notes due 2025, 3.50 First Lien Senior Notes due 2029, 4.375 Second Lien Senior Notes due 2028, 4.00 Second Lien Senior Notes due 2030 (together, the Senior Notes ), TH Facility, RE Facility (each as defined below), and obligations under finance leases. Two of our subsidiaries (the Borrowers have issued the Credit Facilities and Senior Notes. For further information about our long-term debt, see Note 9, Long Term Debt, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of our Annual Report. 
 Credit Facilities 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was 6,440 million outstanding principal amount under our senior secured term loan facilities (the Term Loan Facilities and together with the Revolving Credit Facility, the Credit Facilities with a weighted average interest rate of 6.00 . The interest rate applicable to borrowings under our Term Loan A and Revolving Credit Facility is, at our option, either (i) a base rate, subject to a floor of 1.00 , plus an applicable margin varying from 0.00 to 0.50 , or (ii) Adjusted Term SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate (Adjusted Term SOFR is calculated as Term SOFR plus a 0.10 adjustment), subject to a floor of 0.00 , plus an applicable margin varying between 0.75 to 1.50 , in each case, determined by reference to a net first lien leverage based pricing grid. The interest rate applicable to borrowings under our Term Loan B is, at our option, either (i) a base rate, subject to a floor of 1.00 , plus an applicable margin of 0.75 or (ii) a Eurocurrency rate, subject to a floor of 0.00 , plus an applicable margin of 1.75 . 
 Based on the amounts outstanding under the Term Loan Facilities and LIBOR/SOFR as of December 31, 2022, subject to a floor of 0.00 , required debt service for the next twelve months is estimated to be approximately 394 million in interest payments and 85 million in principal payments. In addition, based on LIBOR as of December 31, 2022, net cash settlements that we expect to receive on our 4,000 million interest rate swaps are estimated to be approximately 103 million for the next twelve months. The Term Loan A matures on December 13, 2026 and the Term Loan B matures on November 19, 2026, and 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 we may prepay the Term Loan Facilities in whole or in part at any time. Additionally, subject to certain exceptions, the Term Loan Facilities may be subject to mandatory prepayments using (i) proceeds from non-ordinary course asset dispositions, (ii) proceeds from certain incurrences of debt or (iii) a portion of our annual excess cash flows based upon certain leverage ratios. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no amounts outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility (including revolving loans, swingline loans and letters of credit), had 2 million of letters of credit issued against the Revolving Credit Facility, and our borrowing availability was 998 million. Funds available under the Revolving Credit Facility may be used to repay other debt, finance debt or share repurchases, fund acquisitions or capital expenditures, and for other general corporate purposes. We have a 125 million letter of credit sublimit as part of the Revolving Credit Facility, which reduces our borrowing availability thereunder by the cumulative amount of outstanding letters of credit. We are also required to pay (i) letters of credit fees on the aggregate face amounts of outstanding letters of credit plus a fronting fee to the issuing bank and (ii) administration fees. The interest rate applicable to amounts drawn under each letter of credit ranges from 0.75 to 1.50 , depending on our net first lien leverage ratio. 
 Obligations under the Credit Facilities are guaranteed on a senior secured basis, jointly and severally, by the direct parent company of one of the Borrowers and substantially all of its Canadian and U.S. subsidiaries, including The TDL Group Corp., Burger King Company LLC, Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc., FRG, LLC and substantially all of their respective Canadian and U.S. subsidiaries (the Credit Guarantors ). Amounts borrowed under the Credit Facilities are secured on a first priority basis by a perfected security interest in substantially all of the present and future property (subject to certain exceptions) of each Borrower and Credit Guarantor. 
 Senior Notes 
 The Borrowers entered into indentures in connection with the issuance of the following senior notes (collectively the Senior Notes Indentures ): 
 Amount (in millions) Interest Rate Lien Priority Due Date 1,550 3.875 First lien January 15, 2028 500 5.75 First lien April 15, 2025 750 3.50 First lien February 15, 2029 750 4.375 Second lien January 15, 2028 2,900 4.00 Second lien October 15, 2030 
 No principal payments are due until maturity and interest is paid semi-annually. 
 The Borrowers may redeem a series of senior notes, in whole or in part, at any time at the redemption prices set forth in the applicable Senior Notes Indenture; provided that if the redemption is prior to February 15, 2024 for the 3.50 First Lien Senior Notes, and October 15, 2025 for the 4.00 Second Lien Senior Notes, it will instead be at a price equal to 100 of the principal amount redeemed plus a make-whole premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. The Senior Notes Indentures also contain redemption provisions related to tender offers, change of control and equity offerings, among others. 
 Based on the amounts outstanding at December 31, 2022, required debt service for the next twelve months on all of the senior notes outstanding is approximately 264 million in interest payments. 
 TH Facility and RE Facility 
 One of our subsidiaries entered into a non-revolving delayed drawdown term credit facility in a total aggregate principal amount of C 225 million with a maturity date of October 4, 2025 (the TH Facility ). The interest rate applicable to the TH Facility is the Canadian Bankers Acceptance rate plus an applicable margin equal to 1.40 or the Prime Rate plus an applicable margin equal to 0.40 , at our option. Obligations under the TH Facility are guaranteed by four of our subsidiaries, and amounts borrowed under the TH Facility are secured by certain parcels of real estate. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately C 203 million outstanding under the TH Facility with a weighted average interest rate of 6.07 . 
 One of our subsidiaries entered into a non-revolving delayed drawdown term credit facility in a total aggregate principal amount of 50 million with a maturity date of October 12, 2028 (the RE Facility ). The interest rate applicable to the RE Facility is, at our option, either (i) a base rate, subject to a floor of 0.50 , plus an applicable margin of 0.50 or (ii) Adjusted 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Term SOFR (Adjusted Term SOFR is calculated as Term SOFR plus a margin based on duration), subject to a floor of 0.00 , plus an applicable margin of 1.50 . Obligations under the RE Facility are guaranteed by four of our subsidiaries, and amounts borrowed under the RE Facility are secured by certain parcels of real estate. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 2 million outstanding under the RE Facility with a weighted average interest rate of 5.97 . 
 Based on the amounts outstanding under the TH Facility as of December 31, 2022, required debt service for the next twelve months is estimated to be approximately 9 million in interest payments and 10 million in principal payments. Based on the amounts outstanding under the RE Facility as of December 31, 2022, required debt service for the next twelve months is not material. 
 Restrictions and Covenants 
 Our Credit Facilities and the Senior Notes Indentures contain a number of customary affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, limit or restrict our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to: incur additional indebtedness; incur liens; engage in mergers, consolidations, liquidations and dissolutions; sell assets; pay dividends and make other payments in respect of capital stock; make investments, loans and advances; pay or modify the terms of certain indebtedness; and engage in certain transactions with affiliates. Under the Credit Facilities, the Borrowers are not permitted to exceed a net first lien senior secured leverage ratio of 6.50 to 1.00 when, as of the end of any fiscal quarter beginning with the first quarter of 2020, any amounts are outstanding under the Term Loan A and/or outstanding revolving loans, swingline loans and certain letters of credit exceed 30.0 of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 The restrictions under the Credit Facilities and the Senior Notes Indentures have resulted in substantially all of our consolidated assets being restricted. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all applicable financial debt covenants under the Credit Facilities, the TH Facility, RE Facility and the Senior Notes Indentures, and there were no limitations on our ability to draw on the remaining availability under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Cash Dividends 
 On January 4, 2023, we paid a dividend of 0.54 per common share and Partnership made a distribution in respect of each Partnership exchangeable unit in the amount of 0.54 per Partnership exchangeable unit. 
 On February 14, 2023, we announced that the board of directors had declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.55 per common share for the first quarter of 2023, payable on April 5, 2023 to common shareholders of record on March 22, 2023. Partnership will also make a distribution in respect of each Partnership exchangeable unit in the amount of 0.55 per Partnership exchangeable unit, and the record date and payment date for distributions on Partnership exchangeable units are the same as the record date and payment date set forth above. 
 We are targeting a total of 2.20 in declared dividends per common share and distributions in respect of each Partnership exchangeable unit for 2023. 
 Because we are a holding company, our ability to pay cash dividends on our common shares may be limited by restrictions under our debt agreements. Although we do not have a formal dividend policy, our board of directors may, subject to compliance with the covenants contained in our debt agreements and other considerations, determine to pay dividends in the future. 
 Outstanding Security Data 
 As of February 14, 2023, we had outstanding 307,947,651 common shares and one special voting share. The special voting share is held by a trustee, entitling the trustee to that number of votes on matters on which holders of common shares are entitled to vote equal to the number of Partnership exchangeable units outstanding. The trustee is required to cast such votes in accordance with voting instructions provided by holders of Partnership exchangeable units. At any shareholder meeting of the Company, holders of our common shares vote together as a single class with the special voting share except as otherwise provided by law. For information on our share-based compensation and our outstanding equity awards, see Note 14 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of our Annual Report. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 There were 142,996,640 Partnership exchangeable units outstanding as of February 14, 2023. The holders of Partnership exchangeable units have the right to require Partnership to exchange all or any portion of such holder s Partnership exchangeable units for our common shares at a ratio of one share for each Partnership exchangeable unit, subject to our right as the general partner of Partnership to determine to settle any such exchange for a cash payment in lieu of our common shares. 
 Comparative Cash Flows 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 1,490 million in 2022, compared to 1,726 million in 2021. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities was driven by a decrease in cash provided by working capital, an increase in interest payments, an increase in income tax payments, and a decrease in BK segment income, partially offset by increases in TH, FHS and PLK segment income. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used for investing activities was 64 million in 2022, compared to 1,103 million in 2021. The change in cash used for investing activities was primarily driven by the Firehouse Subs acquisition in 2021, partially offset by an increase in proceeds from derivatives. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash used for financing activities was 1,307 million in 2022, compared to 1,093 million in 2021. The change in cash used for financing activities was driven primarily by a decrease in proceeds from the issuance of debt and a decrease in proceeds from stock option exercises. These factors were partially offset by a decrease in repayments of debt and finance leases, a decrease in repurchases of RBI common shares, proceeds from derivatives in the current year compared to payments from derivatives in the prior year, and proceeds from issuance of RBI common shares in the current year. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Our significant contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022 include: 
 Debt Obligations and Interest Payments Refer to Note 9, Long-Term Debt, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of our Annual Report for further information on our obligations and the timing of expected payments. Future interest payments on our outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022 total 3,138 million, with 669 million due within the next twelve months. We have estimated our interest payments through the maturity of our Credit Facilities based on LIBOR and SOFR as of December 31, 2022. 
 Operating and Finance Leases Refer to Note 10, Leases, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of our Annual Report for further information on our obligations and the timing of expected payments. 
 Purchase Commitments Purchase obligations include commitments to purchase green coffee, certain food ingredients, advertising expenditures, and obligations related to information technology and service agreements. We have purchase obligations of approximately 567 million at December 31, 2022, with approximately 536 million due within the next 12 months. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefit Our contractual obligations and commitments include approximately 166 million of gross liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest and penalties relating to various tax positions we have taken. These liabilities may increase or decrease over time primarily as a result of tax examinations, and given the status of the examinations, we cannot reliably estimate the period of any cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities. For additional information on unrecognized tax benefits, see Note 11, Income Taxes , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of our Annual Report. 
 Other Commercial Commitments and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 From time to time, we enter into agreements under which we guarantee loans made by third parties to qualified franchisees. As of December 31, 2022, no material amounts are outstanding under these guarantees. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 This discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our audited consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires our management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis and we base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions we deem reasonable to the situation. These estimates and assumptions form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ significantly from these estimates. Changes in our estimates could materially impact our results of operations and financial condition in any particular period. 
 We consider our critical accounting policies and estimates to be as follows based on the high degree of judgment or complexity in their application: 
 Business Combinations 
 The Firehouse Acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, or acquisition accounting, in accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations . The acquisition method of accounting involves the allocation of the purchase price to the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. This allocation process involves the use of estimates and assumptions made in connection with estimating the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed including cash flows expected to be derived from the use of the asset, the timing of such cash flows, the remaining useful life of assets and applicable discount rates. Acquisition accounting allows for up to one year to obtain the information necessary to finalize the fair value of all assets acquired and liabilities assumed at December 15, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we have recorded the final allocation of consideration to net tangible and intangible assets acquired. 
 In the event that actual results vary from the estimates or assumptions used in the valuation or allocation process, we may be required to record an impairment charge or an increase in depreciation or amortization in future periods, or both. 
 See Note 3, Firehouse Acquisition, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of our Annual Report for additional information about accounting for the Firehouse Acquisition. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets Not Subject to Amortization 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in acquisitions. Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of the Tim Hortons brand, the Burger King brand, the Popeyes brand and the Firehouse Subs brand (each a Brand and together, the Brands ). Goodwill and the Brands are tested for impairment at least annually as of October 1 of each year and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change, which indicate impairment might exist. Our annual impairment tests of goodwill and the Brands may be completed through qualitative assessments. We may elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to a quantitative impairment test, for any reporting unit or Brand, in any period. We can resume the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit or Brand in any subsequent period. 
 Under a qualitative approach, our impairment review for goodwill consists of an assessment of whether it is more-likely-than-not that a reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying amount. If we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting units, or if a qualitative assessment indicates it is more-likely-than-not that the estimated carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test that requires us to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we will measure any goodwill impairment loss as the amount by which the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. We use an income approach and a market approach, when available, to estimate a reporting unit s fair value, which discounts the reporting unit s projected cash flows using a discount rate we determine from a market participant's perspective under the income approach or utilizing similar publicly traded companies as guidelines for determining fair value under the market approach. We make significant assumptions when estimating a reporting unit s projected cash flows, including revenue, driven primarily by net restaurant growth, comparable sales growth and average royalty rates, general and administrative expenses, capital expenditures and income tax rates. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Under a qualitative approach, our impairment review for the Brands consists of an assessment of whether it is more-likely-than-not that a Brand s fair value is less than its carrying amount. If we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment for any of our Brands, or if a qualitative assessment indicates it is more-likely-than-not that the estimated carrying value of a Brand exceeds its fair value, we estimate the fair value of the Brand and compare it to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. We use an income approach to estimate a Brand s fair value, which discounts the projected Brand-related cash flows using a discount rate we determine from a market participant's perspective. We make significant assumptions when estimating Brand-related cash flows, including system-wide sales, driven by net restaurant growth and comparable sales growth, average royalty rates, brand maintenance costs and income tax rates. 
 We completed our impairment reviews for goodwill and the Brands as of October 1, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and no impairment resulted. The estimates and assumptions we use to estimate fair values when performing quantitative assessments are highly subjective judgments based on our experience and knowledge of our operations. Significant changes in the assumptions used in our analysis could result in an impairment charge related to goodwill or the Brands. Circumstances that could result in changes to future estimates and assumptions include, but are not limited to, expectations of lower system-wide sales growth, which can be caused by a variety of factors, increases in income tax rates and increases in discount rates. 
 Long-lived Assets 
 Long-lived assets (including intangible assets subject to amortization and lease right-of-use assets) are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets are grouped for recognition and measurement of impairment at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets. 
 The impairment test for long-lived assets requires us to assess the recoverability of our long-lived assets by comparing their net carrying value to the sum of undiscounted estimated future cash flows directly associated with and arising from our use and eventual disposition of the assets. If the net carrying value of a group of long-lived assets exceeds the sum of related undiscounted estimated future cash flows, we would be required to record an impairment charge equal to the excess, if any, of net carrying value over fair value. 
 When assessing the recoverability of our long-lived assets, we make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors. Some of these assumptions involve a high degree of judgment and also bear a significant impact on the assessment conclusions. Included among these assumptions are estimating undiscounted future cash flows, including the projection of rental income, capital requirements for maintaining property and residual values of asset groups. We formulate estimates from historical experience and assumptions of future performance, based on business plans and forecasts, recent economic and business trends, and competitive conditions. In the event that our estimates or related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record an impairment charge. 
 Accounting for Income Taxes 
 We record income tax liabilities utilizing known obligations and estimates of potential obligations. A deferred tax asset or liability is recognized whenever there are future tax effects from existing temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. When considered necessary, we record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the balance that is more-likely-than-not to be realized. We must make estimates and judgments on future taxable income, considering feasible tax planning strategies and taking into account existing facts and circumstances, to determine the proper valuation allowance. When we determine that deferred tax assets could be realized in greater or lesser amounts than recorded, the asset balance and income statement reflect the change in the period such determination is made. Due to changes in facts and circumstances and the estimates and judgments that are involved in determining the proper valuation allowance, differences between actual future events and prior estimates and judgments could result in adjustments to this valuation allowance. 
 On December 28, 2021, the U.S. Treasury Department released final regulations (T.D. 9959, published in the Federal Register on January 4, 2022) restricting the ability to credit certain foreign taxes, applicable prospectively starting January 1, 2022. Due to these new regulations, we released a portion of the valuation allowance on our foreign tax credit carryforwards during the current year. Based on our current analysis, we do not expect these regulations to have a material, ongoing impact as we anticipate being in an excess credit position prospectively. On November 18, 2022, the U.S. Treasury Department released proposed regulations including additional guidance with respect to the reattribution asset rule for purposes of allocating and apportioning foreign taxes, the cost recovery requirement, and the attribution rule for withholding taxes on royalty payments. We will continue to evaluate the potential effect of these proposed regulations as further guidance becomes available. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 We file income tax returns, including returns for our subsidiaries, with federal, provincial, state, local and foreign jurisdictions. We are subject to routine examination by taxing authorities in these jurisdictions. We apply a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate available evidence to determine if it appears more-likely-than-not that an uncertain tax position will be sustained on an audit by a taxing authority, based solely on the technical merits of the tax position. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 likely of being realized upon settling the uncertain tax position. 
 Although we believe we have adequately accounted for our uncertain tax positions, from time to time, audits result in proposed assessments where the ultimate resolution may result in us owing additional taxes. We adjust our uncertain tax positions in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the completion of a tax audit, expiration of a statute of limitations, the refinement of an estimate, and interest accruals associated with uncertain tax positions until they are resolved. We believe that our tax positions comply with applicable tax law and that we have adequately provided for these matters. However, to the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. 
 We are generally permanently reinvested on any potential outside basis differences except for unremitted earnings and profits and thus do not record a deferred tax liability for such outside basis differences. To the extent of unremitted earnings and profits, we generally review various factors including, but not limited to, forecasts and budgets of financial needs of cash for working capital, liquidity and expected cash requirements to fund our various obligations and record deferred taxes to the extent we expect to distribute. We will continue to monitor available evidence and our plans for foreign earnings and expect to continue to provide any applicable deferred taxes based on the tax liability or withholding taxes that would be due upon repatriation of amounts not considered permanently reinvested. 
 We use an estimate of the annual effective income tax rate at each interim period based on the facts and circumstances available at that time, while the actual effective income tax rate is calculated at year-end. 
 See Note 11, Income Taxes , of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of our Annual Report for additional information about accounting for income taxes. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies New Accounting Pronouncements, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of our Annual Report for additional information about new accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market Risk 
 We are exposed to market risks associated with currency exchange rates, interest rates, commodity prices and inflation. In the normal course of business and in accordance with our policies, we manage these risks through a variety of strategies, which may include the use of derivative financial instruments to hedge our underlying exposures. Our policies prohibit the use of derivative instruments for speculative purposes, and we have procedures in place to monitor and control their use. 
 Currency Exchange Risk 
 We report our results in U.S. dollars, which is our reporting currency. The operations of each of TH, BK, PLK and FHS that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are impacted by fluctuations in currency exchange rates and changes in currency regulations. The majority of TH s operations, income, revenues, expenses and cash flows are denominated in Canadian dollars, which we translate to U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. Royalty payments from BK franchisees in our European markets and in certain other countries are denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Furthermore, franchise royalties from each of TH s, BK s, PLK's and FHS's international franchisees are calculated based on local currency sales; consequently, franchise revenues are still impacted by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Each of their respective revenues and expenses are translated using the average rates during the period in which they are recognized and are impacted by changes in currency exchange rates. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 We have numerous investments in our foreign subsidiaries, the net assets of which are exposed to volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. We have entered into cross-currency rate swaps to hedge a portion of our net investment in such foreign operations against adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. We designated cross-currency rate swaps with a notional value of 5,000 million between Canadian dollar and U.S. dollar and cross-currency rate swaps with a notional value of 2,250 million between the Euro and U.S. dollar, as net investment hedges of a portion of our equity in foreign operations in those currencies. The fair value of the cross-currency rate swaps is calculated each period with changes in the fair value of these instruments reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) AOCI to economically offset the change in the value of the net investment in these designated foreign operations driven by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The net fair value of these derivative instruments was an asset of 44 million as of December 31, 2022. The net unrealized gains, net of tax, related to these derivative instruments included in AOCI totaled 50 million as of December 31, 2022. Such amounts will remain in AOCI until the complete or substantially complete liquidation of our investment in the underlying foreign operations. 
 We use forward currency contracts to manage the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations on U.S. dollar purchases and payments, such as coffee purchases, made by our TH Canadian operations. However, for a variety of reasons, we do not hedge our revenue exposure in other currencies. Therefore, we are exposed to volatility in those other currencies, and this volatility may differ from period to period. As a result, the foreign currency impact on our operating results for one period may not be indicative of future results. 
 During 2022, income from operations would have decreased or increased approximately 190 million if all foreign currencies uniformly weakened or strengthened 10 relative to the U.S. dollar, holding other variables constant, including sales volumes. The effect of a uniform movement of all currencies by 10 is provided to illustrate a hypothetical scenario and related effect on operating income. Actual results will differ as foreign currencies may move in uniform or different directions and in different magnitudes. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to changes in interest rates related to our Term Loan Facilities and Revolving Credit Facility, which bear interest at LIBOR and SOFR plus a spread, subject to a LIBOR and SOFR floor. Generally, interest rate changes could impact the amount of our interest paid and, therefore, our future earnings and cash flows, assuming other factors are held constant. To mitigate the impact of changes in LIBOR on interest expense for a portion of our variable rate debt, we have entered into interest rate swaps. We account for these derivatives as cash flow hedges, and as such, the unrealized changes in market value are recorded in AOCI and reclassified into earnings during the period in which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. At December 31, 2022, we had a series of receive-variable, pay-fixed interest rate swaps to hedge the variability in the interest payments on 4,000 million of our Term Loan Facilities. The total notional value of these interest rate swaps is 4,000 million, of which 3,500 million expire on October 31, 2028 and 500 million expire on September 30, 2026. 
 Based on the portion of our variable rate debt balance in excess of the notional amount of the interest rate swaps and LIBOR and SOFR as of December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 1.00 increase in LIBOR and SOFR would increase our annual interest expense by approximately 24 million. 
 While the discontinuation of LIBOR after June 2023 will impact our Term Loan B facility and our interest rate swap agreements, we do not anticipate the transition to an alternate reference rate will have a material impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 We purchase certain products, which are subject to price volatility that is caused by weather, market conditions and other factors that are not considered predictable or within our control. However, in our TH business, we employ various purchasing and pricing contract techniques, such as setting fixed prices for periods of up to one year with suppliers, in an effort to minimize volatility of certain of these commodities. Given that we purchase a significant amount of green coffee, we typically have purchase commitments fixing the price for a minimum of six to twelve months depending upon prevailing market conditions. We also typically hedge against the risk of foreign exchange on green coffee prices. 
 We occasionally take forward pricing positions through our suppliers to manage commodity prices. As a result, we purchase commodities and other products at market prices, which fluctuate on a daily basis and may differ between different geographic regions, where local regulations may affect the volatility of commodity prices. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 We do not make use of financial instruments to hedge commodity prices. As we make purchases beyond our current commitments, we may be subject to higher commodity prices depending upon prevailing market conditions at such time. Generally, increases and decreases in commodity costs are largely passed through to franchisee owners, resulting in higher or lower revenues and higher or lower costs of sales from our business. These changes may impact percentage margins as many of these products are typically priced based on a fixed-dollar mark-up. We and our franchisees have some ability to increase product pricing to offset a rise in commodity prices, subject to acceptance by franchisees and guests. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 While inflation did not have a material impact on our operations in 2021 or 2020, inflationary pressures in 2022 were significant and may continue going forward. Further significant increases in inflation could affect the global, Canadian and U.S. economies and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If several of the various costs in our business experience inflation at the same time, such as commodity price increases beyond our ability to control and increased labor costs, we and our franchisees may not be able to adjust prices to sufficiently offset the effect of the various cost increases without negatively impacting consumer demand. 
 Disclosures Regarding Partnership Pursuant to Canadian Exemptive Relief 
 We are the sole general partner of Partnership. To address certain disclosure conditions to the exemptive relief that Partnership received from the Canadian securities regulatory authorities, we are providing a summary of certain terms of the Partnership exchangeable units. This summary is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by the complete text of the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, dated December 11, 2014, between the Company, 8997896 Canada Inc. and each person who is admitted as a Limited Partner in accordance with the terms of the agreement (the partnership agreement and the Voting Trust Agreement, dated December 12, 2014, between the Company, Partnership and Computershare Trust Company of Canada (the voting trust agreement ), copies of which are available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and at www.sec.gov. For a description of our common shares, see Exhibit 4.1 to this Annual Report. 
 The Partnership Exchangeable Units 
 The capital of Partnership consists of three classes of units: the Partnership Class A common units, the Partnership preferred units and the Partnership exchangeable units. Our interest, as the sole general partner of Partnership, is represented by Class A common units and preferred units. The interests of the limited partners is represented by the Partnership exchangeable units. 
 Summary of Economic and Voting Rights 
 The Partnership exchangeable units are intended to provide economic rights that are substantially equivalent, and voting rights with respect to us that are equivalent, to the corresponding rights afforded to holders of our common shares. Under the terms of the partnership agreement, the rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions attaching to the Partnership exchangeable units include the following: 
 
 The Partnership exchangeable units are exchangeable at any time, at the option of the holder (the exchange right ), on a one-for-one basis for our common shares (the exchanged shares ), subject to our right as the general partner (subject to the approval of the conflicts committee in certain circumstances) to determine to settle any such exchange for a cash payment in lieu of our common shares. If we elect to make a cash payment in lieu of issuing common shares, the amount of the cash payment will be the weighted average trading price of the common shares on the NYSE for the 20 consecutive trading days ending on the last business day prior to the exchange date (the exchangeable units cash amount ). Written notice of the determination of the form of consideration shall be given to the holder of the Partnership exchangeable units exercising the exchange right no later than ten business days prior to the exchange date. 
 If a dividend or distribution has been declared and is payable in respect of our common shares, Partnership will make a distribution in respect of each Partnership exchangeable unit in an amount equal to the dividend or distribution in respect of a common share. The record date and payment date for distributions on the Partnership exchangeable units will be the same as the relevant record date and payment date for the dividends or distributions on our common shares. 
 If we issue any common shares in the form of a dividend or distribution on our common shares, Partnership will issue to each holder of Partnership exchangeable units, in respect of each exchangeable unit held by such holder, a number of Partnership exchangeable units equal to the number of common shares issued in respect of each common share. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 If we issue or distribute rights, options or warrants or other securities or assets to all or substantially all of the holders of our common shares, Partnership is required to make a corresponding distribution to holders of the Partnership exchangeable units. 
 No subdivision or combination of our outstanding common shares is permitted unless a corresponding subdivision or combination of Partnership exchangeable units is made. 
 We and our board of directors are prohibited from proposing or recommending an offer for our common shares or for the Partnership exchangeable units unless the holders of the Partnership exchangeable units and the holders of common shares are entitled to participate to the same extent and on an equitably equivalent basis. 
 Upon a dissolution and liquidation of Partnership, if Partnership exchangeable units remain outstanding and have not been exchanged for our common shares, then the distribution of the assets of Partnership between holders of our common shares and holders of Partnership exchangeable units will be made on a pro rata basis based on the numbers of common shares and Partnership exchangeable units outstanding. Assets distributable to holders of Partnership exchangeable units will be distributed directly to such holders. Assets distributable in respect of our common shares will be distributed to us. Prior to this pro rata distribution, Partnership is required to pay to us sufficient amounts to fund our expenses or other obligations (to the extent related to our role as the general partner or our business and affairs that are conducted through Partnership or its subsidiaries) to ensure that any property and cash distributed to us in respect of the common shares will be available for distribution to holders of common shares in an amount per share equal to distributions in respect of each Partnership exchangeable unit. The terms of the Partnership exchangeable units do not provide for an automatic exchange of Partnership exchangeable units into our common shares upon a dissolution or liquidation of Partnership or us. 
 Approval of holders of the Partnership exchangeable units is required for an action (such as an amendment to the partnership agreement) that would affect the economic rights of a Partnership exchangeable unit relative to a common share. 
 The holders of Partnership exchangeable units are indirectly entitled to vote in respect of matters on which holders of our common shares are entitled to vote, including in respect of the election of our directors, through a special voting share of the Company. The special voting share is held by a trustee, entitling the trustee to that number of votes on matters on which holders of common shares are entitled to vote equal to the number of Partnership exchangeable units outstanding. The trustee is required to cast such votes in accordance with voting instructions provided by holders of Partnership exchangeable units. The trustee will exercise each vote attached to the special voting share only as directed by the relevant holder of Partnership exchangeable units and, in the absence of instructions from a holder of an exchangeable unit as to voting, will not exercise those votes. Except as otherwise required by the partnership agreement, voting trust agreement or applicable law, the holders of the Partnership exchangeable units are not directly entitled to receive notice of or to attend any meeting of the unitholders of Partnership or to vote at any such meeting. 
 Exercise of Optional Exchange Right 
 In order to exercise the exchange right referred to above, a holder of Partnership exchangeable units must deliver to Partnership s transfer agent a duly executed exchange notice together with such additional documents and instruments as the transfer agent and Partnership may reasonably require. The exchange notice must (i) specify the number of Partnership exchangeable units in respect of which the holder is exercising the exchange right and (ii) state the business day on which the holder desires to have Partnership exchange the subject units, provided that the exchange date must not be less than 15 business days nor more than 30 business days after the date on which the exchange notice is received by Partnership. If no exchange date is specified in an exchange notice, the exchange date will be deemed to be the 15th business day after the date on which the exchange notice is received by Partnership. An exercise of the exchange right may be revoked by the exercising holder by notice in writing given to Partnership before the close of business on the fifth business day immediately preceding the exchange date. On the exchange date, Partnership will deliver or cause the transfer agent to deliver to the relevant holder, as applicable (i) the applicable number of exchanged shares, or (ii) a cheque representing the applicable exchangeable units cash amount, in each case, less any amounts withheld on account of tax. 
 Offers for Units or Shares 
 The partnership agreement contains provisions to the effect that if a take-over bid is made for all of the outstanding Partnership exchangeable units and not less than 90 of the Partnership exchangeable units (other than units of Partnership held at the date of the take-over bid by or on behalf of the offeror or its associates, affiliates or persons acting jointly or in concert with the offeror) are taken up and paid for by the offeror, the offeror will be entitled to acquire the Partnership exchangeable units held by unitholders who did not accept the offer on the terms offered by the offeror. The partnership agreement further provides that for so long as Partnership exchangeable units remain outstanding, (i) we will not propose or 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 recommend a formal bid for our common shares, and no such bid will be effected with the consent or approval of our board of directors, unless holders of Partnership exchangeable units are entitled to participate in the bid to the same extent and on an equitably equivalent basis as the holders of our common shares, and (ii) we will not propose or recommend a formal bid for Partnership exchangeable units, and no such bid will be effected with the consent or approval of our board of directors, unless holders of the Company s common shares are entitled to participate in the bid to the same extent and on an equitably equivalent basis as the holders of Partnership exchangeable units. Canadian securities regulatory authorities may intervene in the public interest (either on application by an interested party or by staff of a Canadian securities regulatory authority) to prevent an offer to holders of our common shares, Preferred Shares or Partnership exchangeable units being made or completed where such offer is abusive of the holders of one of those security classes that are not subject to that offer. 
 Merger, Sale or Other Disposition of Assets 
 As long as any Partnership exchangeable units are outstanding, we cannot consummate a transaction in which all or substantially all of our assets would become the property of any other person or entity. This does not apply to a transaction if such other person or entity becomes bound by the partnership agreement and assumes our obligations, as long as the transaction does not impair in any material respect the rights, duties, powers and authorities of other parties to the partnership agreement. 
 
 Mandatory Exchange 
 Partnership may cause a mandatory exchange of the outstanding Partnership exchangeable units into our common shares in the event that (1) at any time there remain outstanding fewer than 5 of the number of Partnership exchangeable units outstanding as of the effective time of the Merger (other than Partnership exchangeable units held by us and our subsidiaries and as such number of Partnership exchangeable units may be adjusted in accordance with the partnership agreement); (2) any one of the following occurs: (i) any person, firm or corporation acquires directly or indirectly any voting security of the Company and immediately after such acquisition, the acquirer has voting securities representing more than 50 of the total voting power of all the then outstanding voting securities of the Company on a fully diluted basis, (ii) our shareholders shall approve a merger, consolidation, recapitalization or reorganization of the Company, other than any transaction which would result in the holders of outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction having at least a majority of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such transaction, with the voting power of each such continuing holder relative to other continuing holders not being altered substantially in the transaction; or (iii) our shareholders shall approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition of the Company of all or substantially all of our assets, provided that, in each case, we, in our capacity as the general partner of Partnership, determine, in good faith and in our sole discretion, that such transaction involves a bona fide third-party and is not for the primary purpose of causing the exchange of the Partnership exchangeable units in connection with such transaction; or (3) a matter arises in respect of which applicable law provides holders of Partnership exchangeable units with a vote as holders of units of Partnership in order to approve or disapprove, as applicable, any change to, or in the rights of the holders of, the Partnership exchangeable units, where the approval or disapproval, as applicable, of such change would be required to maintain the economic equivalence of the Partnership exchangeable units and our common shares, and the holders of the Partnership exchangeable units fail to take the necessary action at a meeting or other vote of holders of Partnership exchangeable units to approve or disapprove, as applicable, such matter in order to maintain economic equivalence of the Partnership exchangeable units and our common shares. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain information contained in our Annual Report, including information regarding future financial performance and plans, targets, aspirations, expectations, and objectives of management, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and forward-looking information within the meaning of the Canadian securities laws. We refer to all of these as forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are forward-looking in nature and, accordingly, are subject to risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of words such as believe , anticipate , expect , intend , estimate , plan , continue , will , may , could , would , target , potential and other similar expressions and include, without limitation, statements regarding our expectations or beliefs regarding (i) our ability to become one of the most efficient franchised QSR operators in the world; (ii) the benefits of our fully franchised business model; (iii) the domestic and international growth opportunities for the Tim Hortons, Burger King, Popeyes and Firehouse Subs brands, both in existing and new markets; (iv) our ability to accelerate international development through joint venture structures and master franchise and development agreements and the impact on future growth and profitability of our brands; (v) our continued use of joint ventures structures and master franchise and development agreements in connection with our domestic and international expansion and potential deployment of similar arrangements for Firehouse Subs in the future; (vi) the impact of our strategies on the growth of our Tim Hortons, Burger King, Popeyes and Firehouse Subs brands and our profitability; (vii) our commitment to technology and innovation, our continued investment in our technology capabilities and our plans and strategies with respect to digital sales, our information systems and technology offerings and investments; (viii) the correlation between our sales, guest traffic and profitability to consumer discretionary spending and the factors that influence spending; (ix) our ability to drive traffic, expand our customer base and allow restaurants to expand into new dayparts through new product innovation; (x) the benefits accrued from sharing and leveraging best practices among our Tim Hortons, Burger King, Popeyes and Firehouse Subs brands; (xi) the drivers of the long-term success for and competitive position of each of our brands as well as increased sales and profitability of our franchisees; (xii) the impact of our cost management initiatives at each of our brands; (xiii) the continued use of certain franchise incentives, their impact on our financial results and our ability to mitigate such impact; (xiv) the impact of our modern image remodel initiative and our ability to mitigate the negative impact of such initiative on royalty rates through entry into new BK franchise agreements; (xv) the effects and continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results of operations, business, liquidity, prospects and restaurant operations and those of our franchisees, including local conditions and government-imposed limitations and restrictions; (xvi) our digital and marketing initiatives, including the success of our Reclaim the Flame initiative on sales growth and franchisee profitability; (xvii) our future financial obligations, including annual debt service requirements, capital expenditures and dividend payments, our ability to meet such obligations and the source of funds used to satisfy such obligations; (xviii) our future uses of liquidity, including dividend payments and share repurchases; (xix) any future cash flow support to franchisees and the impact of such support on our future cash flow and financial results; (xx) the amount and timing of future FHS Transaction costs and Corporate restructuring and tax advisory fees; (xxi) our exposure to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates and the impact of changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates on the amount of our interest payments, future earnings and cash flows; (xxii) the amount of net cash settlements we expect to pay on our derivative instruments; (xxiii) our tax positions and their compliance with applicable tax laws; (xxiv) certain accounting matters, including the impact of changes in accounting standards; (xxv) certain tax matters, including our estimates with respect to tax matters and their impact on future periods, and any costs associated with contesting tax liabilities; (xxvi) the impact of inflation on our results of operations; (xxvii) our goals with respect to reduction in greenhouse gas emissions; (xxviii) the impact of governmental regulation, both domestically and internationally, on our business and financial and operational results; (xxix) the adequacy of our facilities to meet our current requirements; (xxx) our future financial and operational results; (xxxi) certain litigation matters; (xxxii) our target total dividend for 2023; (xxxiii) our sustainability initiatives and the impact of government sustainability regulation and initiatives; and (xxxiv) the impact of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. 
 
 Our forward-looking statements, included in this Annual Report and elsewhere, represent management s expectations as of the date that they are made. Our forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and analyses made by the Company in light of its experience and its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it believes are appropriate in the circumstances. However, these forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Important factors that could cause actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements include, among other things, risks related to: (1) our substantial indebtedness, which could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations; (2) global economic or other business conditions that may affect the desire or ability of our customers to purchase our products, such as the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, inflationary pressures, high unemployment levels, declines in median income growth, consumer confidence and consumer discretionary spending and changes in consumer perceptions of dietary health and food safety; (3) our relationship with, and the success of, our franchisees and risks related to our fully franchised business model; (4) our franchisees' financial stability and their ability to access and maintain the liquidity necessary to operate their 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 businesses; (5) our supply chain operations; (6) our ownership and leasing of real estate; (7) the effectiveness of our marketing, advertising and digital programs and franchisee support of these programs; (8) significant and rapid fluctuations in interest rates and in the currency exchange markets and the effectiveness of our hedging activity; (9) our ability to successfully implement our domestic and international growth strategy for each of our brands and risks related to our international operations; (10) our reliance on franchisees, including subfranchisees to accelerate restaurant growth; (11) the ability of the counterparties to our credit facilities and derivatives to fulfill their commitments and/or obligations; and (12) changes in applicable tax laws or interpretations thereof, and our ability to accurately interpret and predict the impact of such changes or interpretations on our financial condition and results; (13) evolving legislation and regulations in the area of franchise and labor and employment law; and (14) our ability to address environmental and social sustainability issues. 
 
 We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and our inability to successfully manage any of the above risks may permit our competitors to increase their market share and may decrease our profitability. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 
 Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Finally, our future results will depend upon various other risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those detailed in the section entitled Item 1A - Risk Factors of this Annual Report as well as other materials that we from time to time file with, or furnish to, the SEC or file with Canadian securities regulatory authorities. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements in this section and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Other than as required under securities laws, we do not assume a duty to update these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or circumstances, changes in expectations or otherwise. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 53 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 54 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 61 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 62 

52 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for the preparation, integrity and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements, related notes and other information included in this annual report. The consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and include certain amounts based on management s estimates and assumptions. Other financial information presented in the annual report is derived from the consolidated financial statements. 
 Management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our system of internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 
 Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our assessment and those criteria, management determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included herein. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Restaurant Brands International Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Restaurant Brands International Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Gross unrecognized tax benefits 
 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company records a liability for unrecognized tax benefits associated with uncertain tax positions. The Company recognizes tax benefits from tax positions only if there is more than a 50 likelihood that the tax positions will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the positions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding associated interest and penalties, of million. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

We identified the assessment of gross unrecognized tax benefits resulting from certain tax planning strategies implemented during the year as a critical audit matter. Identifying and determining uncertain tax positions arising from implementing tax planning strategies involved a number of judgments and assumptions, which included complex considerations of tax law. As a result, subjective and complex auditor judgment, including the involvement of tax professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, was required to evaluate the Company s interpretation of tax law and its determination of which tax positions have more than a 50 likelihood of being sustained upon examination. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s gross unrecognized tax benefits process, including controls related to 1) interpreting tax law, 2) identifying significant uncertain tax positions arising from tax planning strategies that were implemented during the year, 3) evaluating the tax consequences of the related strategies, and 4) evaluating which of the Company s tax positions may not be sustained upon examination. In addition, we involved tax professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 
 obtaining an understanding of the Company s tax planning strategies 
 evaluating the Company s interpretation of the relevant tax laws by developing an independent assessment 
 evaluating the Company s identification of uncertain tax positions to assess the tax consequences of these related tax positions 
 performing an independent assessment of the Company s tax positions and comparing our assessment to the Company s assessment. 
 (signed) KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1989. 
 Miami, Florida 
 February 22, 2023 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Restaurant Brands International Inc.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Restaurant Brands International Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 (signed) KPMG LLP 
 Miami, Florida 
 February 22, 2023 

56 

Table of Contents 

 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In millions of U.S. dollars, except share data) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts and notes receivable, net of allowance of and , respectively 
 Inventories, net Prepaids and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of and , respectively 
 Operating lease assets, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Net investment in property leased to franchisees Other assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts and drafts payable Other accrued liabilities Gift card liability Current portion of long-term debt and finance leases Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of current portion Finance leases, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Other liabilities, net Deferred income taxes, net Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) Shareholders equity: Common shares, par value; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total Restaurant Brands International Inc. shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 Approved on behalf of the Board of Directors: 
 By: /s/ J. Patrick Doyle By: /s/ Ali Hedayat J. Patrick Doyle, Executive Chairman Ali Hedayat, Director 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In millions of U.S. dollars, except per share data) 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Sales Franchise and property revenues Advertising revenues and other services Total revenues Operating costs and expenses: Cost of sales Franchise and property expenses Advertising expenses and other services General and administrative expenses (Income) loss from equity method investments Other operating expenses (income), net Total operating costs and expenses Income from operations Interest expense, net Loss on early extinguishment of debt Income before income taxes Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (Note 13) Net income attributable to common shareholders Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding (in millions): Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In millions of U.S. dollars) 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net change in fair value of net investment hedges, net of tax of ), , and 
 ) Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges, net of tax of ), ), and 
 ) Amounts reclassified to earnings of cash flow hedges, net of tax of ), ), and ) 
 Gain (loss) recognized on defined benefit pension plans and other items, net of tax of ), ), and 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income (loss) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common shareholders 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 (In millions of U.S. dollars, except shares) 
 Issued Common Shares Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Noncontrolling Interests Total Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2019 ) Stock option exercises Share-based compensation Issuance of shares Dividends declared on common shares per share) 
 ) ) Dividend equivalents declared on restricted stock units ) Distributions declared by Partnership on partnership exchangeable units per unit) 
 ) ) Repurchase of Partnership exchangeable units ) ) ) ) Exchange of Partnership exchangeable units for RBI common shares ) ) Other ) ) ) Restaurant VIE contributions (distributions) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2020 ) Stock option exercises Share-based compensation Issuance of shares Dividends declared on common shares per share) 
 ) ) Dividend equivalents declared on restricted stock units ) Distributions declared by Partnership on partnership exchangeable units per units) 
 ) ) Repurchase of RBI common shares ) ) ) Exchange of Partnership exchangeable units for RBI common shares ) ) Restaurant VIE contributions (distributions) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) Stock option exercises Share-based compensation Issuance of shares Dividends declared on common shares per share) 
 ) ) Dividend equivalents declared on restricted stock units ) Distributions declared by Partnership on partnership exchangeable units per unit) 
 ) ) Repurchase of RBI common shares ) ) ) Exchange of Partnership exchangeable units for RBI common shares ) ) Restaurant VIE contributions (distributions) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In millions of U.S. dollars) 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Premiums paid and non-cash loss on early extinguishment of debt Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt issuance discount (Income) loss from equity method investments Loss (gain) on remeasurement of foreign denominated transactions ) ) Net (gains) losses on derivatives ) Share-based compensation and non-cash incentive compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Other ) Changes in current assets and liabilities, excluding acquisitions and dispositions: Accounts and notes receivable ) ) Inventories and prepaids and other current assets ) ) Accounts and drafts payable ) Other accrued liabilities and gift card liability Tenant inducements paid to franchisees ) ) ) Other long-term assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Payments for property and equipment ) ) ) Net proceeds from disposal of assets, restaurant closures and refranchisings Net payment for purchase of Firehouse Subs, net of cash acquired ) ) Settlement/sale of derivatives, net Other investing activities, net ) ) ) Net cash used for investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from revolving line of credit and long-term debt Repayments of revolving line of credit, long-term debt and finance leases ) ) ) Payment of financing costs ) ) Payment of dividends on common shares and distributions on Partnership exchangeable units ) ) ) Repurchase of Partnership exchangeable units ) Repurchase of common shares ) ) Proceeds from stock option exercises Proceeds from issuance of common shares (Payments) proceeds from derivatives ) ) Other financing activities, net ) ) ) Net cash used for financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental cash flow disclosures: Interest paid Income taxes paid, net 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Note 1. 
 Tim Hortons restaurants, Burger King restaurants, Popeyes restaurants, and Firehouse restaurants, for a total of restaurants, and operate in more than countries. Approximately of current system-wide restaurants are franchised. 
 All references to or dollars are to the currency of the United States unless otherwise indicated. All references to Canadian dollars or C are to the currency of Canada unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 Note 2. 

62 

Table of Contents 

 and Restaurant VIEs, respectively, and accordingly, have consolidated the results of operations, assets and liabilities, and cash flows of these Restaurant VIEs in our Financial Statements. 
 Assets and liabilities related to consolidated VIEs are not significant to our total consolidated assets and liabilities. Liabilities recognized as a result of consolidating these VIEs do not necessarily represent additional claims on our general assets; rather, they represent claims against the specific assets of the consolidated VIEs. Conversely, assets recognized as a result of consolidating these VIEs do not represent additional assets that could be used to satisfy claims by our creditors as they are not legally included within our general assets. 
 
 million of technology fee revenues from Franchise and property revenues to Advertising revenues and other services and million of technology expenses from General and administrative expenses to Advertising expenses and other services. These reclassifications did not arise as a result of any changes to accounting policies and relate entirely to presentation with no effect on previously reported net income. 
 million in 2022, ) million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 years; (ii) restaurant equipment up to years; (iii) furniture, fixtures and other up to years; and (iv) manufacturing equipment up to years. Leasehold improvements to properties where we are the lessee are amortized over the lesser of the remaining term of the lease or the estimated useful life of the improvement. 
 Major improvements are capitalized, while maintenance and repairs are expensed when incurred. 
 Capitalized Software and Cloud Computing Costs 
 We record capitalized software at historical cost less accumulated amortization, which is recognized using the straight-line method. Amortization expense is based on the estimated useful life of the software, which is primarily up to , once the asset is available for its intended use. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

We completed our impairment tests for goodwill and the Brands as of October 1, 2022, 2021 and 2020 and impairment resulted. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

For disclosures about the fair value measurements of our derivative instruments, see Note 12, Derivative Instruments . 
 Principal carrying amount of our variable term debt and senior notes 
 The determinations of fair values of certain tangible and intangible assets for purposes of the application of the acquisition method of accounting to the acquisition of Firehouse Subs were based on Level 3 inputs. The determination of fair values of our reporting units and the determination of the fair value of the Brands for impairment testing using a quantitative approach during 2022 and 2020 were based upon Level 3 inputs. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

67 

Table of Contents 

 million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

Note 3. 
 million. The consideration was funded through cash on hand and million of incremental borrowings under our Term Loan Facility - See Note 9, Long-Term Debt . 
 Fees and expenses related to the Firehouse Acquisition and related financings totaled million during 2022 and million during 2021, consisting primarily of professional fees and compensation related expenses which are classified as general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Property and equipment Firehouse Subs brand 
 Franchise agreements Operating lease assets Total liabilities ) Total identifiable net assets Goodwill Total consideration Firehouse Subs brand 
 ) Franchise agreements ) Total liabilities Total consideration ) Total decrease in goodwill ) 
 The Firehouse Subs brand has been assigned an indefinite life and, therefore, will not be amortized, but rather tested annually for impairment. Franchise agreements have a weighted average amortization period of years. Goodwill attributable to the Firehouse Acquisition will be deductible and amortized for tax purposes. Goodwill is considered to represent the value associated with the workforce and synergies anticipated to be realized as a combined company. We have allocated goodwill related to the Firehouse Acquisition to our FHS operating segment and to one reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing purposes. In the event that actual results vary from the estimates or assumptions used in the valuation or allocation process, we may be required to record an impairment charge or an increase in depreciation or amortization in future periods, or both. We completed our impairment reviews for goodwill and the Firehouse Subs brand as of October 1, 2022 and no impairment resulted. 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Note 4. 
 Add: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income available to common shareholders and noncontrolling interests - diluted Denominator: Weighted average common shares - basic Exchange of noncontrolling interests for common shares (Note 12) Effect of other dilutive securities Weighted average common shares - diluted Basic earnings per share (a) Diluted earnings per share (a) Anti-dilutive securities outstanding 

Note 5. 
 Buildings and improvements Restaurant equipment Furniture, fixtures, and other Finance leases Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment totaled million for 2022, million for 2021 and million for 2020. 
 Included in our property and equipment, net at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are million and million, respectively, of assets leased under finance leases (mostly buildings and improvements), net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of million and million, respectively. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Note 6. 
 ) ) Favorable leases ) ) Subtotal ) ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Tim Hortons brand 
 Burger King brand 
 Popeyes brand 
 Firehouse Subs brand 
 Subtotal Intangible assets, net Goodwill Tim Hortons segment Burger King segment Popeyes segment Firehouse segment Total 
 Amortization expense on intangible assets totaled million for 2022, million for 2021, and million for 2020. The change in the franchise agreements, brands and goodwill balances during 2022 was due to the impact of foreign currency translation and the impact of final adjustments to the preliminary allocation of consideration to the net tangible and intangible assets acquired in the Firehouse Acquisition. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

Note 7. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included as a component of Other assets, net in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Except for the following equity method investments, no quoted market prices are available for our other equity method investments. The aggregate market value of our equity interest in Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. Carrols based on the quoted market price on December 31, 2022 is approximately million. The aggregate market value of our equity interest in BK Brasil Opera o e Assessoria a Restaurantes S.A. based on the quoted market price on December 31, 2022 is approximately million. The aggregate market value of our equity interest in TH International Limited based on the quoted market price on December 31, 2022 was approximately million. We have evaluated recent declines in the market value of these equity method investments and recognized an impairment of million as a result of a sustained decline in Carrols' share price and market capitalization during 2022. 
 We have equity interests in entities that own or franchise Tim Hortons, Burger King and Popeyes restaurants. 
 
 Advertising revenues Property revenues Franchise fees and other revenue Sales Total 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had million and million, respectively, of accounts receivable, net from our equity method investments which were recorded in accounts and notes receivable, net in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 With respect to our TH business, the most significant equity method investment is our joint venture interest with The Wendy s Company (the TIMWEN Partnership ), which jointly holds real estate underlying Canadian combination restaurants. Distributions received from this joint venture were million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 We recognized rent expense associated with the TIMWEN Partnership of million, million, and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

73 

Table of Contents 

Note 8. 
 Interest payable Accrued compensation and benefits Taxes payable Deferred income Accrued advertising expenses Restructuring and other provisions Current portion of operating lease liabilities Other Other accrued liabilities Non-current: Taxes payable Contract liabilities (see Note 15) Derivatives liabilities Unfavorable leases Accrued pension Deferred income Other Other liabilities, net 
 
 Note 9. 
 Term Loan A First Lien Senior Notes due 2028 
 First Lien Senior Notes due 2029 
 First Lien Senior Notes due 2025 
 Second Lien Senior Notes due 2028 
 Second Lien Senior Notes due 2030 
 TH Facility and other Less: unamortized deferred financing costs and deferred issuance discount ) ) Total debt, net Less: current maturities of debt ) ) Total long-term debt 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 of our subsidiaries (the Borrowers entered into a fifth incremental facility amendment and a sixth amendment (the 2021 Amendment to the credit agreement governing our senior secured term loan A facility (the Term Loan A ), our senior secured term loan B facility (the Term Loan B and together with the Term Loan A the Term Loan Facilities and our million senior secured revolving credit facility (including revolving loans, swingline loans and letters of credit) (the Revolving Credit Facility and together with the Term Loan Facilities, the Credit Facilities ). The 2021 Amendment increased the existing Term Loan A to million and extended the maturity date of the Term Loan A and Revolving Credit Facility to December 13, 2026 (subject to earlier maturity in specified circumstances). The security and guarantees under the Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan A are the same as those under the existing facilities. The proceeds from the increase in the Term Loan A were used with cash on hand to complete the Firehouse Acquisition. In connection with the 2021 Amendment, we capitalized approximately million in debt issuance costs. 
 The 2021 Amendment also amended the interest rate applicable to the Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan A to incorporate SOFR. The interest rate applicable to the Term Loan A and Revolving Credit Facility is, at our option, either (a) a base rate, subject to a floor of , plus an applicable margin varying from to , or (b) Adjusted Term SOFR (Adjusted Term SOFR is calculated as Term SOFR plus a adjustment), subject to a floor of , plus an applicable margin varying between and , in each case, determined by reference to a net first lien leverage-based pricing grid. The commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility is . At December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the Term Loan A was . The principal amount of the Term Loan A amortizes in quarterly installments equal to million beginning March 31, 2023 until September 30, 2024 and thereafter in quarterly installments equal to million until maturity, with the balance payable at maturity. The 2021 Amendment includes amendments to certain negative covenants to provide increased flexibility. The 2021 Amendment made no other material changes to the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
 The maturity date of our Term Loan B is November 19, 2026 and the interest rate applicable to our Term Loan B is, at our option, either (a) a base rate, subject to a floor of , plus an applicable margin of , or (b) a Eurocurrency rate, subject to a floor of , plus an applicable margin of . At December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the Term Loan B was . The principal amount of the Term Loan B amortizes in quarterly installments equal to million until maturity, with the balance payable at maturity. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had amounts outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility. Funds available under the Revolving Credit Facility may be used to repay other debt, finance debt or share repurchases, to fund acquisitions or capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes. We have a million letter of credit sublimit as part of the Revolving Credit Facility, which reduces our borrowing availability thereunder by the cumulative amount of outstanding letters of credit. The interest rate applicable to amounts drawn under each letter of credit is to , depending on our net first lien leverage ratio. As of December 31, 2022, we had million of letters of credit issued against the Revolving Credit Facility, and our borrowing availability was million. 
 Obligations under the Credit Facilities are guaranteed on a senior secured basis, jointly and severally, by the direct parent company of one of the Borrowers and substantially all of its Canadian and U.S. subsidiaries, including The TDL Group Corp., Burger King Company LLC, Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc., FRG, LLC and substantially all of their respective Canadian and U.S. subsidiaries (the Credit Guarantors ). Amounts borrowed under the Credit Facilities are secured on a first priority basis by a perfected security interest in substantially all of the present and future property (subject to certain exceptions) of each Borrower and Credit Guarantor. 
 First Lien Senior Notes due 2028 
 On September 24, 2019, the Borrowers entered into an indenture (the First Lien Senior Notes Indenture in connection with the issuance of million of first lien senior notes due January 15, 2028 (the 2019 Senior Notes ). On July 6, 2021, the Borrowers issued an additional million under the First Lien Senior Notes Indenture (the Additional Notes and together with the 2019 Senior Notes, the First Lien Senior Notes due 2028 ). principal payments are due until maturity and interest is paid semi-annually. The Additional Notes were priced at of their face value. The net proceeds from the offering of the Additional Notes were used to redeem the remaining million principal amount outstanding of first lien senior notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and pay related redemption premiums, fees and expenses. In connection with the issuance of the Additional Notes, we capitalized approximately million in debt issuance costs. In connection with the redemption of the remaining million principal amount outstanding of the first lien senior notes, we recorded a loss on early extinguishment of debt of million that primarily reflects the payment of redemption premiums and the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 First Lien Senior Notes due 2028 are guaranteed on a senior secured basis, jointly and severally, by the Borrowers and substantially all of the Borrower's Canadian and U.S. subsidiaries, including The TDL Group Corp., Burger King Company LLC, Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc., FRG, LLC and substantially all of their respective Canadian and U.S. subsidiaries (the Note Guarantors ). The First Lien Senior Notes due 2028 are first lien senior secured obligations and rank equal in right of payment with all of the existing and future first lien senior debt of the Borrowers and Note Guarantors, including borrowings and guarantees under our Credit Facilities. 
 The First Lien Senior Notes due 2028 may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time at the redemption prices set forth in the First Lien Senior Notes Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, at the date of redemption. The First Lien Senior Notes Indenture also contains optional redemption provisions related to tender offers, change of control and equity offerings, among others. 
 First Lien Senior Notes due 2025 
 On April 7, 2020, the Borrowers entered into an indenture (the First Lien Senior Notes Indenture in connection with the issuance of million of first lien notes due April 15, 2025 (the First Lien Senior Notes due 2025 ). principal payments are due until maturity and interest is paid semi-annually. The net proceeds from the offering of the First Lien Senior Notes due 2025 were used for general corporate purposes. In connection with the issuance of the First Lien Senior Notes due 2025, we capitalized approximately million in debt issuance costs. 
 Obligations under the First Lien Senior Notes due 2025 are guaranteed on a senior secured basis, jointly and severally, by the Note Guarantors. The First Lien Senior Notes due 2025 are first lien senior secured obligations and rank equal in right of payment with all of the existing and future first lien senior debt of the Borrowers and Note Guarantors, including borrowings and guarantees of the Credit Facilities. 
 Our First Lien Senior Notes due 2025 may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time at the redemption prices set forth in the First Lien Senior Notes Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, at the date of redemption. The First Lien Senior Notes Indenture also contains optional redemption provisions related to tender offers, change of control and equity offerings, among others. 
 First Lien Senior Notes due 2029 
 On November 9, 2020, the Borrowers entered into an indenture (the First Lien Senior Notes Indenture in connection with the issuance of million of first lien notes due February 15, 2029 (the First Lien Senior Notes due 2029 ). principal payments are due until maturity and interest is paid semi-annually. The proceeds from the offering of the First Lien Senior Notes due 2029, together with cash on hand, were used to redeem million of first lien senior notes and pay related redemption premiums, fees and expenses. In connection with the issuance of the First Lien Senior Notes due 2029, we capitalized approximately million in debt issuance costs. In connection with the redemption of the first lien senior notes, we recorded a loss on early extinguishment of debt of million that primarily reflects the payment of premiums to redeem the notes and the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 Obligations under the First Lien Senior Notes due 2029 are guaranteed on a senior secured basis, jointly and severally, by the Note Guarantors. The First Lien Senior Notes due 2029 are first lien senior secured obligations and rank equal in right of payment with all of the existing and future first lien senior debt of the Borrowers and Note Guarantors, including borrowings and guarantees of the Credit Facilities. 
 Our First Lien Senior Notes due 2029 may be redeemed in whole or in part, on or after February 15, 2024 at the redemption prices set forth in the First Lien Senior Notes Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, at the date of redemption. The First Lien Senior Notes Indenture also contains optional redemption provisions related to tender offers, change of control and equity offerings, among others. 
 Second Lien Senior Notes due 2028 
 On November 19, 2019, the Borrowers entered into an indenture (the Second Lien Senior Notes Indenture in connection with the issuance of million of second lien senior notes due January 15, 2028 (the Second Lien Senior Notes due 2028 ). principal payments are due until maturity and interest is paid semi-annually. 
 Obligations under the Second Lien Senior Notes due 2028 are guaranteed on a second priority senior secured basis, jointly and severally, by the Note Guarantors. The Second Lien Senior Notes due 2028 are second lien senior secured obligations and rank equal in right of payment with all of the existing and future senior debt of the Borrowers and Note Guarantors, including borrowings and guarantees of the Credit Facilities, and effectively subordinated to all of the existing and future first lien senior debt of the Borrowers and Note Guarantors. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 Second Lien Senior Notes due 2028 may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time at the redemption prices set forth in the Second Lien Senior Notes Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, at the date of redemption. The Second Lien Senior Notes Indenture also contains redemption provisions related to tender offers, change of control and equity offerings, among others. 
 Second Lien Senior Notes due 2030 
 During 2020, the Borrowers entered into an indenture (the Second Lien Senior Notes Indenture in connection with the issuance of million of second lien notes due October 15, 2030 (the Second Lien Senior Notes due 2030 ). principal payments are due until maturity and interest is paid semi-annually. The proceeds from the offering of the Second Lien Senior Notes due 2030 were used to redeem the entire outstanding principal balance of million of second lien senior notes due October 15, 2025 (the Second Lien Senior Notes due 2025 ), pay related redemption premiums, fees and expenses. In connection with the issuance of the Second Lien Senior Notes due 2030, we capitalized approximately million in debt issuance costs. In connection with the full redemption of the Second Lien Senior Notes due 2025, we recorded a loss on early extinguishment of debt of million that primarily reflects the payment of premiums to redeem the notes and the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 Obligations under the Second Lien Senior Notes due 2030 are guaranteed on a second priority senior secured basis, jointly and severally, by the Note Guarantors. The Second Lien Senior Notes due 2030 are second lien senior secured obligations and rank equal in right of payment will all of the existing and future senior debt of the Borrowers and Note Guarantors and effectively subordinated to all of the existing and future first lien senior debt of the Borrowers and Note Guarantors. 
 Our Second Lien Senior Notes due 2030 may be redeemed in whole or in part, on or after October 15, 2025 at the redemption prices set forth in the Second Lien Senior Notes Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, at the date of redemption. The Second Lien Senior Notes Indenture also contains optional redemption provisions related to tender offers, change of control and equity offerings, among others. 
 Restrictions and Covenants 
 Our Credit Facilities, as well as the First Lien Senior Notes Indenture, First Lien Senior Notes Indenture, First Lien Senior Notes Indenture, Second Lien Senior Notes Indenture and Second Lien Senior Notes Indenture (all together the Senior Notes Indentures contain a number of customary affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, limit or restrict our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to: incur additional indebtedness; incur liens; engage in mergers, consolidations, liquidations and dissolutions; sell assets; pay dividends and make other payments in respect of capital stock; make investments, loans and advances; pay or modify the terms of certain indebtedness; and engage in certain transactions with affiliates. In addition, under the Credit Facilities, the Borrowers are not permitted to exceed a first lien senior secured leverage ratio of to 1.00 when, as of the end of any fiscal quarter beginning with the first fiscal quarter of 2020, (1) any amounts are outstanding under the Term Loan A and/or (2) the sum of (i) the amount of letters of credit outstanding exceeding million (other than those that are cash collateralized); (ii) outstanding amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility and (iii) outstanding amounts of swing line loans, exceeds of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 The restrictions under the Credit Facilities and the Senior Notes Indentures have resulted in substantially all of our consolidated assets being restricted. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with applicable financial debt covenants under the Credit Facilities and the Senior Notes Indentures and there were no limitations on our ability to draw on the remaining availability under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 TH Facility 
 of our subsidiaries entered into a non-revolving delayed drawdown term credit facility in a total aggregate principal amount of C million with a maturity date of October 4, 2025 (the TH Facility ). The interest rate applicable to the TH Facility is the Canadian Bankers Acceptance rate plus an applicable margin equal to or the Prime Rate plus an applicable margin equal to , at our option. Obligations under the TH Facility are guaranteed by of our subsidiaries, and amounts borrowed under the TH Facility are secured by certain parcels of real estate. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately C million outstanding under the TH Facility with a weighted average interest rate of . 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 of our subsidiaries entered into a non-revolving delayed drawdown term credit facility in a total aggregate principal amount of million with a maturity date of October 12, 2028 (the RE Facility ). The interest rate applicable to the RE Facility is, at our option, either (i) a base rate, subject to a floor of , plus an applicable margin of or (ii) Adjusted Term SOFR (Adjusted Term SOFR is calculated as Term SOFR plus a margin based on duration), subject to a floor of , plus an applicable margin of . Obligations under the RE Facility are guaranteed by of our subsidiaries, and amounts borrowed under the RE Facility are secured by certain parcels of real estate. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately million outstanding under the RE Facility with a weighted average interest rate of . 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 During 2021 and 2020, we incurred aggregate deferred financing costs of million and million, respectively. We did t incur any significant deferred financing costs during 2022. 
 Loss on Early Extinguishment of Debt 
 During 2021, we recorded an million loss on early extinguishment of debt that primarily reflects the payment of redemption premiums and the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs in connection with the redemption of the remaining million principal amount outstanding of the first lien senior notes. During 2020, we recorded a million loss on early extinguishment of debt that primarily reflects the payment of premiums and the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs in connection with the full redemption of the Second Lien Senior Notes due 2025 and the partial redemption of the first lien senior notes. 
 Maturities 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Interest Expense, net 
 Finance lease obligations Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt issuance discount Interest income ) ) ) Interest expense, net 
 (a) Amount includes million, million and million benefit during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to the quarterly net settlements of our cross-currency rate swaps and amortization of the Excluded Component as defined in Note 12, Derivative Instruments . 
 78 

Table of Contents 

Note 10. 
 restaurant properties to franchisees and non-restaurant properties to third parties under operating leases, direct financing leases and sales-type leases where we are the lessor. Initial lease terms generally range from to years. Most leases to franchisees provide for fixed monthly payments and many provide for future rent escalations and renewal options. Certain leases also include provisions for variable rent, determined as a percentage of sales, generally when annual sales exceed specific levels. Lessees typically bear the cost of maintenance, insurance and property taxes. 
 We lease land, buildings, equipment, office space and warehouse space from third parties. Land and building leases generally have an initial term of to years, while land-only lease terms can extend longer, and most leases provide for fixed monthly payments. Many of these leases provide for future rent escalations and renewal options. Certain leases also include provisions for variable rent payments, determined as a percentage of sales, generally when annual sales exceed specified levels. Most leases also obligate us to pay, as lessee, variable lease cost related to maintenance, insurance and property taxes. 
 Company as Lessor 
 Buildings and improvements Restaurant equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment leased, net 
 Contingent rents (a) Estimated unguaranteed residual value Unearned income ) ) Current portion included within accounts receivable ) ) Net investment in property leased to franchisees 
 (a) Amounts represent estimated contingent rents recorded in connection with the acquisition method of accounting. 

79 

Table of Contents 

 Variable lease payments Amortization of favorable and unfavorable income lease contracts, net Subtotal - lease income from operating leases Earned income on direct financing and sales-type leases Total property revenues 
 
 Company as Lessee 
 Operating lease variable lease cost Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease cost (income) ) ) ) 
 years years Finance leases years years Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Supplemental noncash information on lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease obligations Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease obligations 

80 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum receipts / payments Less amount representing interest ) ) Present value of minimum lease payments Current portion of lease obligations ) ) Long-term portion of lease obligations 
 million due in the future under non-cancelable subleases. 

Note 11. 
 Foreign Income before income taxes U.S. Federal ) U.S. state, net of federal income tax benefit Other Foreign ) Deferred: Canadian ) U.S. Federal ) ) ) U.S. state, net of federal income tax benefit ) ) ) Other Foreign ) ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Costs and taxes related to foreign operations Foreign exchange gain (loss) Foreign tax rate differential ) ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) Change in accrual for tax uncertainties ) ) Intercompany financing ) ) Impact of Tax Act ) Swiss Tax Reform ) Benefit from stock option exercises ) ) ) Litigation settlements and reserves Other Effective income tax rate ) 
 In December 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act that significantly revised the U.S. tax code. During 2020, various guidance was issued by the U.S. tax authorities relating to the Tax Act and, after review of such guidance, we recorded a favorable adjustment to our deferred tax assets of million related to a tax attribute carryforward, which decreased our 2020 effective tax rate by . 
 In a referendum held on May 19, 2019, Swiss voters adopted the Federal Act on Tax Reform and AVS Financing TRAF ), under which certain long-standing preferential cantonal tax regimes were abolished effective January 1, 2020, which the canton of Zug formally adopted in November 2019. Company subsidiaries in the canton of Zug were subjected to TRAF and therefore the TRAF impacted our consolidated results of operations during 2020. In 2020, a deferred tax asset was recorded due to an election made under TRAF by one of our Swiss subsidiaries. The amounts impacting income tax expense for the effects of the changes from the TRAF was approximately million in 2020, which decreased our 2020 effective tax rate by approximately . 
 Companies subject to the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income provision (GILTI) have the option to account for the GILTI tax as a period cost if and when incurred, or to recognize deferred taxes for outside basis temporary differences expected to reverse as GILTI. We have elected to account for GILTI as a period cost.) Cash flow hedge in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Net investment hedge in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Foreign Currency Translation in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Pension liability in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total ) 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) Change in effective U.S. state income tax rate Change in effective foreign income tax rate ) Total ) ) ) 
 Accrued employee benefits Leases Operating lease liabilities Liabilities not currently deductible for tax Tax loss and credit carryforwards Derivatives Other ) Total gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Less deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment, principally due to differences in depreciation Intangible assets Leases Operating lease assets Statutory impairment Derivatives Outside basis difference Total gross deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax liability 
 The valuation allowance had a net decrease of million during 2022 primarily due to the change in estimates related to derivatives and the utilization of foreign tax credits and capital losses. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 Change in estimates recorded to deferred income tax expense ) Changes in losses and credits ) (Reductions) additions related to other comprehensive income ) ) Ending balance 
 
 2036-2042 Canadian capital loss carryforwards Indefinite Canadian tax credits 2023-2041 U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards 2023-2042 U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards Indefinite U.S. capital loss carryforwards 2040 U.S. foreign tax credits 2023-2031 Other foreign net operating loss carryforwards Indefinite Other foreign net operating loss carryforwards 2023-2038 Other foreign capital loss carryforward Indefinite Total 
 We are generally permanently reinvested on any potential outside basis differences except for unremitted earnings and profits and thus do not record a deferred tax liability for such outside basis differences. To the extent of unremitted earning and profits, we generally review various factors including, but not limited to, forecasts and budgets of financial needs of cash for working capital, liquidity and expected cash requirements to fund our various obligations and record deferred taxes to the extent we expect to distribute. 
 We had million and million of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, which if recognized, would favorably affect the effective income tax rate. 
 
 Additions for tax positions related to the current year ) Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Additions for settlement Reductions due to statute expiration ) ) Ending balance 
 Although the timing of the resolution, settlement, and closure of any audits is highly uncertain, it is reasonably possible that the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits could significantly change in the next 12 months. During the twelve months beginning January 1, 2023, it is reasonably possible we will reduce unrecognized tax benefits by up to approximately million due to the expiration of statutes of limitations, anticipated closure of various tax matters currently under examination, and settlements with tax authorities all being possibly impacted in multiple jurisdictions. 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Potential interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions in various jurisdictions recognized was million during 2022, million during 2021 and million during 2020. To the extent interest and penalties are not assessed with respect to uncertain tax positions, amounts accrued will be reduced and reflected as a reduction of the overall income tax provision. 
 We file income tax returns with Canada and its provinces and territories. Generally, we are subject to routine examinations by the Canada Revenue Agency CRA ). The CRA is conducting examinations of the 2016 through 2018 taxation years. Additionally, income tax returns filed with various provincial jurisdictions are generally open to examination for periods up to subsequent to the filing and assessment of the respective return. 
 We also file income tax returns, including returns for our subsidiaries, with U.S. federal, U.S. state, and other foreign jurisdictions. We are subject to routine examination by taxing authorities in the U.S. jurisdictions, as well as other foreign tax jurisdictions. Taxable years of such U.S. companies are closed through 2018 for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We have various U.S. state and other foreign income tax returns in the process of examination. From time to time, these audits result in proposed assessments where the ultimate resolution may result in owing additional taxes. We believe that our tax positions comply with applicable tax law and that we have adequately provided for these matters. 
 
 Note 12. 
 million to hedge the variability in the interest payments on a portion of our Term Loan Facilities, including any subsequent refinancing or replacement of the Term Loan Facilities, beginning August 31, 2021 through the termination date of October 31, 2028. Additionally, at December 31, 2022, we also had outstanding receive-variable, pay-fixed interest rate swaps with a total notional value of million to hedge the variability in the interest payments on a portion of our Term Loan Facilities effective September 30, 2019 through the termination date of September 30, 2026. At inception, all of these interest rate swaps were designated as cash flow hedges for hedge accounting. The unrealized changes in market value are recorded in AOCI, net of tax, and reclassified into interest expense during the period in which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. The net amount of pre-tax gains in connection with these net unrealized gains in AOCI as of December 31, 2022 that we expect to be reclassified into interest expense within the next 12 months is million. 
 Cross-Currency Rate Swaps 
 To protect the value of our investments in our foreign operations against adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates, we hedge a portion of our net investment in one or more of our foreign subsidiaries by using cross-currency rate swaps. At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding cross-currency rate swap contracts between the Canadian dollar and U.S. dollar and the Euro and U.S. dollar that have been designated as net investment hedges of a portion of our equity in foreign operations in those currencies. The component of the gains and losses on our net investment in these designated foreign operations driven by changes in foreign exchange rates are economically partly offset by movements in the fair value of our cross-currency swap contracts. The fair value of the swaps is calculated each period with changes in fair value reported in AOCI, net of tax. Such amounts will remain in AOCI until the complete or substantially complete liquidation of our investment in the underlying foreign operations. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding cross-currency rate swaps that we entered into during 2022 to partially hedge the net investment in our Canadian subsidiaries. At inception, these cross-currency rate swaps were designated as a hedge and are accounted for as net investment hedges. These swaps are contracts in which we receive quarterly fixed-rate interest payments on the U.S. dollar notional amount of million through the maturity date of September 30, 2028. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 million for hedge accounting. As a result of these de-designations, changes in fair value of these un-designated hedges were recognized in earnings. Concurrently with these de-designations and to offset the changes in fair value recognized in earnings, we entered into off-setting cross-currency rate swaps, with a total notional amount of million, that were not designated as a hedge for hedge accounting and as such changes in fair value were recognized in earnings. The balances in AOCI associated with the de-designated cross-currency rate swaps will remain in AOCI and will only be reclassified into earnings if and when the net investment in our Canadian subsidiaries is sold or substantially sold. The entire notional amount of the de-designated cross-currency rate swaps and the off-setting cross-currency rate swaps were cash settled during 2022 for approximately million in net proceeds and included within operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding cross-currency rate swaps in which we pay quarterly fixed-rate interest payments on the Euro notional amount of million and receive quarterly fixed-rate interest payments on the U.S. dollar notional amount of million. At inception, these cross-currency rate swaps were designated as a hedge and are accounted for as a net investment hedge. During 2018, we extended the term of the swaps from March 31, 2021 to the maturity date of February 17, 2024. The extension of the term resulted in a re-designation of the hedge and the swaps continue to be accounted for as a net investment hedge. Additionally, at December 31, 2022, we also had outstanding cross-currency rate swaps in which we receive quarterly fixed-rate interest payments on the U.S. dollar notional value of million, entered during 2018, and million, entered during 2019, through the maturity date of February 17, 2024 and million, entered during 2021, through the maturity date of October 31, 2028. At inception, these cross-currency rate swaps were designated as a hedge and are accounted for as a net investment hedge. 
 The fixed to fixed cross-currency rate swaps hedging Canadian dollar and Euro net investments utilized the forward method of effectiveness assessment prior to March 15, 2018. On March 15, 2018, we de-designated and subsequently re-designated the outstanding fixed to fixed cross-currency rate swaps to prospectively use the spot method of hedge effectiveness assessment. Additionally, as a result of adopting new hedge accounting guidance during 2018, we elected to exclude the interest component (the "Excluded Component") from the accounting hedge without affecting net investment hedge accounting and elected to amortize the Excluded Component over the life of the derivative instrument. The amortization of the Excluded Component is recognized in Interest expense, net in the consolidated statement of operations. The change in fair value that is not related to the Excluded Component is recorded in AOCI and will be reclassified to earnings when the foreign subsidiaries are sold or substantially liquidated. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Contracts 
 We use foreign exchange derivative instruments to manage the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations on U.S. dollar purchases and payments, such as coffee purchases made by our Canadian Tim Hortons operations. At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding forward currency contracts to manage this risk in which we sell Canadian dollars and buy U.S. dollars with a notional value of million with maturities to February 2024. We have designated these instruments as cash flow hedges, and as such, the unrealized changes in market value of effective hedges are recorded in AOCI and are reclassified into earnings during the period in which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. 
 Credit Risk 
 By entering into derivative contracts, we are exposed to counterparty credit risk. Counterparty credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. When the fair value of a derivative contract is in an asset position, the counterparty has a liability to us, which creates credit risk for us. We attempt to minimize this risk by selecting counterparties with investment grade credit ratings and regularly monitoring our market position with each counterparty. 
 Credit-Risk Related Contingent Features 
 Our derivative instruments do not contain any credit-risk related contingent features. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 ) Forward-currency contracts ) Derivatives designated as net investment hedges Cross-currency rate swaps ) 
 (1) We did not exclude any components from the cash flow hedge relationships presented in this table. 
 Location of Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Earnings Gain or (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Earnings 2022 2021 2020 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges Interest rate swaps Interest expense, net ) ) ) Forward-currency contracts Cost of sales ) Location of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Earnings Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Earnings (Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 2022 2021 2020 Derivatives designated as net investment hedges Cross-currency rate swaps Interest expense, net 
 Other assets, net Foreign currency Prepaids and other current assets Derivatives designated as net investment hedges Foreign currency Other assets, net Total assets at fair value Liabilities: Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges Interest rate Other liabilities, net Derivatives designated as net investment hedges Foreign currency Other liabilities, net Total liabilities at fair value 

87 

Table of Contents 

 Note 13. 
 and in Partnership common equity through the ownership of and Partnership exchangeable units as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Pursuant to the terms of the partnership agreement, each holder of a Partnership exchangeable unit is entitled to distributions from Partnership in an amount equal to any dividends or distributions that we declare and pay with respect to our common shares. Additionally, each holder of a Partnership exchangeable unit is entitled to vote in respect of matters on which holders of RBI common shares are entitled to vote through our special voting share. A holder of a Partnership exchangeable unit may require Partnership to exchange all or any portion of such holder s Partnership exchangeable units for our common shares at a ratio of common share for each Partnership exchangeable unit, subject to our right as the general partner of Partnership, in our sole discretion, to deliver a cash payment in lieu of our common shares. If we elect to make a cash payment in lieu of issuing common shares, the amount of the payment will be the weighted average trading price of the common shares on the New York Stock Exchange for the consecutive trading days ending on the last business day prior to the exchange date. 
 During 2022, Partnership exchanged Partnership exchangeable units, pursuant to exchange notices received. In accordance with the terms of the partnership agreement, Partnership satisfied the exchange notices by exchanging Partnership exchangeable units for the same number of newly issued RBI common shares. During 2021, Partnership exchanged Partnership exchangeable units, pursuant to exchange notices received. In accordance with the terms of the partnership agreement, Partnership satisfied the exchange notices by exchanging Partnership exchangeable units for the same number of newly issued RBI common shares. During 2020, Partnership exchanged Partnership exchangeable units, pursuant to exchange notices received. In accordance with the terms of the partnership agreement, Partnership satisfied the exchange notices by repurchasing Partnership exchangeable units for approximately million in cash and exchanging Partnership exchangeable units for the same number of newly issued RBI common shares. The exchanges represented increases in our ownership interest in Partnership and were accounted for as equity transactions, with gain or loss recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. Pursuant to the terms of the partnership agreement, upon the exchange of Partnership exchangeable units, each such Partnership exchangeable unit was cancelled concurrently with the exchange. 
 Share Repurchase 
 On July 28, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program that allows us to purchase up to million of our common shares until August 10, 2023. During 2022, we repurchased and cancelled common shares for million and during 2021 we repurchased and cancelled common shares for million and as of December 31, 2022 had million remaining under the authorization. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Net change in fair value of derivatives, net of tax ) ) Amounts reclassified to earnings of cash flow hedges, net of tax Pension and post-retirement benefit plans, net of tax ) ) Amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Balances at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net change in fair value of derivatives, net of tax Amounts reclassified to earnings of cash flow hedges, net of tax Pension and post-retirement benefit plans, net of tax Amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Net change in fair value of derivatives, net of tax Amounts reclassified to earnings of cash flow hedges, net of tax Pension and post-retirement benefit plans, net of tax Amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 

Note 14. 
 . The Omnibus Plan permits the grant of several types of awards with respect to our common shares, including stock options, time-vested RSUs, and performance-based RSUs, which may include Company, S P 500 Index and/or individual performance based-vesting conditions. Under the terms of the Omnibus Plan, RSUs are generally entitled to dividend equivalents, which are not distributed unless the related awards vest. Upon vesting, the amount of the dividend equivalent, which is distributed in additional RSUs, except in the case of RSUs awarded to non-management members of our board of directors, is equal to the equivalent of the aggregate dividends declared on common shares during the period from the date of grant of the award compounded until the date the shares underlying the award are delivered. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation cost related to share-based compensation arrangements was million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 per year on December 31 st over from the grant date and performance-based RSUs generally cliff vest from the grant date (the starting date for the applicable vesting period is referred to as the Anniversary Date ). Time-vested RSUs and performance-based RSUs awarded prior to 2021 generally cliff vest from the original grant date. 
 During 2022, the Company granted performance-based RSUs that cliff vest from the original grant date based on achievement of performance metrics with a multiplier that can increase or decrease the amount vested based on the achievement of contractually defined relative total shareholder return targets with respect to the S P 500 Index. Performance-based RSUs granted in 2021 cliff vest from the original grant date based solely on defined relative total shareholder return targets with respect to the S P 500 Index. The respective fair value of these performance-based RSU awards was based on a Monte Carlo Simulation valuation model and these market condition awards are expensed over the vesting period regardless of the value that the award recipients ultimately receive. 
 For grants of time-vested RSUs beginning in 2021, if the employee is terminated for any reason prior to any vesting date, the employee will forfeit all of the RSUs that are unvested at the time of termination. For grants of performance-based RSUs beginning in 2021, if the employee is terminated within the first of the Anniversary Date, of the performance-based RSUs will be forfeited. If we terminate the employment of a performance-based RSU holder without cause at least after the grant date, or if the employee retires, the employee will become vested in of the performance-based RSUs that are earned based on the performance criteria. 
 For grants prior to 2021, if the employee is terminated for any reason within the first of the Anniversary Date, of the time-vested RSUs granted will be forfeited. If we terminate the employment of a time-vested RSU holder without cause after the Anniversary Date, or if the employee retires, the employee will become vested in the number of time-vested RSUs as if the time-vested RSUs vested for each anniversary after the grant date. Also, for grants prior to 2021, if the employee is terminated for any reason within the first of the Anniversary Date, of the performance-based RSUs granted will be forfeited. If we terminate the employment of a performance-based RSU holder without cause between three and after the Anniversary Date, or if the employee retires, the employee will become vested in of the performance-based RSUs. 
 An alternate ratable vesting schedule applies to the extent the participant ends employment by reason of death or disability. 
 Chairman Awards 
 In connection with the appointment of the Executive Chairman in November 2022, the Company made one-time grants of options, RSUs and performance-based RSUs with specific terms and conditions. The Company granted options with an exercise price equal to the closing price of RBI common shares on the trading day preceding the date of grant that cliff vest from the date of grant and expire after . The Company granted RSUs that vest ratably over on the anniversary of the grant date. Lastly, the Company granted performance-based RSUs that cliff vest five and a half years from the date of grant and may be earned from for threshold performance to for maximum performance, based on meeting performance targets tied to the appreciation of the price of RBI common shares, with none of the award being earned if the threshold is not met. The respective fair value of these performance-based RSU awards was based on a Monte Carlo Simulation valuation model and these market condition awards are expensed over the vesting period regardless of the value that the award recipient ultimately receives. 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested and settled ) ) Dividend equivalents granted Forfeited ) ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of time-vested RSUs granted was and during 2021 and 2020, respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair value of performance-based RSUs granted was and during 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total fair value, determined as of the date of vesting, of RSUs vested and converted to common shares of the Company during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Stock Options 
 Stock option awards are granted with an exercise price or market value equal to the closing price of our common shares on the trading day preceding the date of grant. We satisfy stock option exercises through the issuance of authorized but previously unissued common shares. Stock option grants generally cliff vest years from the original grant date, provided the employee is continuously employed by us or one of our affiliates, and the stock options expire years following the grant date. Additionally, if we terminate the employment of a stock option holder without cause prior to the vesting date, or if the employee retires or becomes disabled, the employee will become vested in the number of stock options as if the stock options vested on each anniversary of the grant date. If the employee dies, the employee will become vested in the number of stock options as if the stock options vested on the first anniversary of the grant date, on the second anniversary of the grant date and on the third anniversary of the grant date. If an employee is terminated with cause or resigns before vesting, all stock options are forfeited. If there is an event such as a return of capital or dividend that is determined to be dilutive, the exercise price of the awards will be adjusted accordingly. 
 significant stock option awards granted in 2021. 
 2022 2020 Risk-free interest rate Expected term (in years) Expected volatility Expected dividend yield 
 The risk-free interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury or Canadian Sovereign bond yield with a remaining term equal to the expected option life assumed at the date of grant. The expected term was calculated based on the analysis of a vesting period coupled with our expectations of exercise activity. Expected volatility was based on the historical and implied equity volatility of the Company. The expected dividend yield is based on the annual dividend yield at the time of grant. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 Vested or expected to vest at December 31, 2022 
 
 (a) The intrinsic value represents the amount by which the fair value of our stock exceeds the option exercise price at December 31, 2022. 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value per stock option granted was , , and during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was million during 2022, million during 2021, and million during 2020. 

Note 15. 
 
 Effect of business combination Recognized during period and included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the year ) Increase, excluding amounts recognized as revenue during the period Impact of foreign currency translation ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Disaggregation of Total Revenues 
 Royalties Property revenues Franchise fees and other revenue Advertising revenues and other services Total revenues 
 2021 TH BK PLK FHS Total Sales Royalties Property revenues Franchise fees and other revenue Advertising revenues and other services Total revenues 
 2020 TH BK PLK FHS Total Sales Royalties Property revenues Franchise fees and other revenue Advertising revenues and other services Total revenues 

93 

Table of Contents 

 Note 16. 
 Litigation settlements and reserves, net Net losses (gains) on foreign exchange ) ) Other, net ) Other operating expenses (income), net 
 Net losses (gains) on disposal of assets, restaurant closures, and refranchisings represent sales of properties and other costs related to restaurant closures and refranchisings. Gains and losses recognized in the current period may reflect certain costs related to closures and refranchisings that occurred in previous periods. 
 Litigation settlements and reserves, net primarily reflects accruals and payments made and proceeds received in connection with litigation and arbitration matters and other business disputes. 
 In early 2022, we entered into negotiations to resolve business disputes that arose during 2021 with counterparties to the master franchise agreements for Burger King and Popeyes in China. Based on these discussions, we paid approximately million in 2022, of which million and million was recorded as Litigation settlements and reserves, net in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The majority of this amount related to Popeyes, resolved our disputes, and allowed us to move forward in the market with a new master franchisee. Additionally, pursuant to this agreement we and our partners have made equity contributions to the Burger King business in China. 

Note 17. 
 million in irrevocable standby letters of credit outstanding, which were issued primarily to certain insurance carriers to guarantee payments of deductibles for various insurance programs, such as health and commercial liability insurance. Of these letters of credit outstanding, million are secured by the collateral under our Revolving Credit Facility and the remainder are secured by cash collateral. As of December 31, 2022, amounts had been drawn on any of these irrevocable standby letters of credit. 
 Purchase Commitments 
 We have arrangements for information technology and telecommunication services with an aggregate contractual obligation of million over the next , some of which have early termination fees. We also enter into commitments to purchase advertising. As of December 31, 2022, these commitments totaled million and run through 2025. 
 Litigation 
 From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business relating to matters including, but not limited to, disputes with franchisees, suppliers, employees and customers, as well as disputes over our intellectual property. 
 On October 5, 2018, a class action complaint was filed against Burger King Worldwide, Inc. BKW and Burger King Company, successor in interest, BKC in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida by Jarvis Arrington, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated. On October 18, 2018, a second class action complaint was filed against RBI, BKW and BKC in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida by Monique Michel, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated. On October 31, 2018, a third class action complaint was filed against BKC and BKW in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida by Geneva Blanchard and Tiffany Miller, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated. On November 2, 2018, a fourth class action complaint was filed against RBI, BKW and BKC in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida by Sandra Munster, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated. These complaints have been consolidated and allege that the defendants violated Section 1 of the Sherman Act by incorporating an employee no-solicitation and no-hiring clause in the standard form franchise agreement all Burger King franchisees are required to sign. Each plaintiff seeks 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 separate purported class action complaints relating to per- and polyfluoroalkyl PFAS in packaging. Hussain vs. BKC was filed on April 13, 2022 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, and Cooper v. BKC was filed on April 14, 2022 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida. Both complaints alleged that certain food products sold by BKC are not safe for human consumption due to the packaging containing allegedly unsafe PFAS and that consumers were misled by the labelling, marketing and packaging claims asserted by BKC regarding the safety and sustainability of the packaging and sought compensatory, statutory and punitive damages, injunctive relief, corrective action, and attorneys fees. Hussain voluntarily dismissed the case on August 22, 2022. In June 2022, Cooper voluntarily dismissed the case and then refiled their complaint in state court only on behalf of Florida consumers. We filed a motion to dismiss on October 17, 2022. The plaintiff dismissed the case with prejudice in November 2022 and these matters are closed. 

Note 18. 
 brands. Under the Tim Hortons brand, we operate in the donut/coffee/tea category of the quick service segment of the restaurant industry. Under the Burger King brand, we operate in the fast food hamburger restaurant category of the quick service segment of the restaurant industry. Under the Popeyes brand, we operate in the chicken category of the quick service segment of the restaurant industry. Under the Firehouse Subs brand, we operate in the specialty subs category of the quick service segment of the restaurant industry. Our business generates revenue from the following sources: (i) sales, consisting primarily of supply chain sales, which represent sales of products, supplies and restaurant equipment to franchisees, as well as sales to retailers and sales at restaurants owned by us Company restaurants (ii) franchise revenues, consisting primarily of royalties based on a percentage of sales reported by franchise restaurants and franchise fees paid by franchisees; (iii) property revenues from properties we lease or sublease to franchisees; and (iv) advertising revenues and other 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 brands, including the information regularly reviewed by our Chief Executive Officer, who is our Chief Operating Decision Maker. Therefore, we have operating segments: (1) TH, which includes all operations of our Tim Hortons brand, (2) BK, which includes all operations of our Burger King brand, (3) PLK, which includes all operations of our Popeyes brand, and (4) FHS, which includes all operations of our Firehouse Subs brand. Our operating segments represent our reportable segments. FHS revenues and segment income for the period from the acquisition date of December 15, 2021 through December 26, 2021 (the fiscal year end for FHS) are included in our consolidated statement of operations for 2021. 
 BK PLK FHS Total Revenues by country (a): Canada United States Other Total 
 BK PLK FHS Total) ) ) BK PLK Total 
 BK PLK FHS Total 
 (a) or more of our total revenues in each period presented. 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 BK PLK FHS Unallocated Total By country: Canada United States Other Total 
 Long-lived assets include property and equipment, net, finance and operating lease right of use assets, net and net investment in property leased to franchisees. Only Canada and the United States represented or more of our total long-lived assets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Our measure of segment income is Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA represents earnings (net income or loss) before interest expense, net, loss on early extinguishment of debt, income tax (benefit) expense, and depreciation and amortization, adjusted to exclude (i) the non-cash impact of share-based compensation and non-cash incentive compensation expense, (ii) (income) loss from equity method investments, net of cash distributions received from equity method investments, (iii) other operating expenses (income), net and, (iv) income/expenses from non-recurring projects and non-operating activities. For the periods referenced, income/expenses from non-recurring projects and non-operating activities included (i) non-recurring fees and expense incurred in connection with the Firehouse Acquisition consisting of professional fees, compensation-related expenses and integration costs FHS Transaction costs and (ii) non-operating costs from professional advisory and consulting services associated with certain transformational corporate restructuring initiatives that rationalize our structure and optimize cash movements, including services related to significant tax reform legislation, regulations and related restructuring initiatives Corporate restructuring and tax advisory fees ). 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 BK PLK FHS Adjusted EBITDA Share-based compensation and non-cash incentive compensation expense FHS Transaction costs Corporate restructuring and tax advisory fees Impact of equity method investments (a) Other operating expenses (income), net EBITDA Depreciation and amortization Income from operations Interest expense, net Loss on early extinguishment of debt Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net income 
 (a) Represents (i) (income) loss from equity method investments and (ii) cash distributions received from our equity method investments. Cash distributions received from our equity method investments are included in segment income. 

Note 19. 
 per common share to common shareholders of record on December 21, 2022. On such date, Partnership also made a distribution in respect of each Partnership exchangeable unit in the amount of per exchangeable unit to holders of record on December 21, 2022. 
 On February 14, 2023, we announced that the board of directors had declared a cash dividend of per common share for the first quarter of 2023. The dividend will be paid on April 5, 2023 to common shareholders of record on March 22, 2023. Partnership will also make a distribution in respect of each Partnership exchangeable unit in the amount of per Partnership exchangeable unit, and the record date and payment date for distributions on Partnership exchangeable units are the same as the record date and payment date set forth above. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15e under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date. 
 Changes in Internal Controls 
 We have integrated Firehouse Subs into our overall internal control over financial reporting processes. 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Except as described above, the Company s management, including the CEO and CFO, confirm that there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and the report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers 
 (e) 
 Pursuant to RBI s Bonus Swap Program, RBI provides eligible employees, including its named executive officers, or NEOs, the ability to invest 25 or 50 of their net cash bonus into RBI common shares Investment Shares and leverage the investment through the issuance of matching restricted share units RSUs ). The matching RSUs vest ratably over four years on December 31 of each year, beginning the year of grant. All of the unvested matching RSUs will be forfeited if an NEO s service (including service on the Board of Directors of RBI) is terminated for any reason (other than death or disability) prior to the date of vesting. If an NEO transfers any Investment Shares before the vesting date, he or she will forfeit 100 of the unvested matching RSUs. All of RBI s eligible NEOs elected to participate in the 2022 Bonus Swap Program at the 50 level. On January 27, 2023, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the Compensation Committee approved the 2023 bonus swap program on substantially the same terms as the 2022 bonus swap program, except the matching RSUs will vest on December 15 of each year, beginning the year of grant. 
 On January 27, 2023, the Compensation Committee approved the 2023 Annual Bonus Program. For 2023 annual incentive, each of the NEOs will have 25 of the target based on achievement of individual metrics which may be earned from 0 up to 100 and 75 of the target based on a mix of comparable sales achievement, net restaurant growth NRG achievement, and on organic Adjusted EBITDA achievement, each of which may be earned from a threshold of 50 to a maximum of 200 ; with the weighting based on the applicable business unit. For corporate roles, the weighting is 15 NRG achievement, 20 comparable sales achievement and 40 organic adjusted EBITDA achievement. Overall, any annual incentive payout will require (1) achievement of the threshold amount of Adjusted EBITDA, (2) that individual achievement must also be earned at no less than 20 and (3) that certain general and administrative expense targets must be met. 
 On February 13, 2023, in addition to the grant of awards to Mr. Kobza as previously disclosed, the Compensation Committee approved performance based RSUs PSUs discretionary awards to Messrs. Dunnigan, Shear and Curtis, which consist of the following PSUs at target based on the closing price on February 21, 2023: 2,500,000 PSUs for Mr. Dunnigan, 5,000,000 PSUs for Mr. Shear and 3,000,000 PSUs for Mr. Curtis. The performance measure for purposes of determining the number of PSUs earned by each of Messrs. Dunnigan, Shear and Curtis is the relative total shareholder return of RBI shares on the NYSE compared to the S P 500 for the period from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2025. The Compensation Committee established a target performance 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 level at the 50th percentile, a performance threshold at or above which 50 of target is earned and below which no shares are earned at the 25th percentile, and a maximum performance level at the 85th percentile at or above which 150 of the target is earned. Amounts earned between threshold and target or target and maximum will be based on linear interpolation. Once earned, the PSUs will cliff vest on February 22, 2026. In addition, if an executive s service to RBI is terminated (other than due to death or disability) prior to February 22, 2025, he or she will forfeit the entire award. A copy of the form of the Performance Award Agreement between RBI and each of the NEOs is filed herewith as Exhibit 10.36(g). This summary is qualified in its entirety to the full text of the form of award agreement. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 
 Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. We refer to this proxy statement as the Definitive Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item, other than the information regarding our equity plans set forth below required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K, will be contained in the Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information regarding equity awards outstanding under our compensation plans as of December 31, 2022 was as follows (amounts in thousands, except per share data): 
 (a) (b) (c) Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted-Average 
 Exercise Price of 
 Outstanding 
 Options, Warrants 
 and Rights (1) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 17,484 58.00 3,714 Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Security Holders Total 17,484 58.00 3,714 
 (1) The weighted average exercise price does not take into account the common shares issuable upon outstanding RSUs vesting, which have no exercise price. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) All Financial Statements 
 Consolidated financial statements filed as part of this report are listed under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 No schedules are required because either the required information is not present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report. Exhibit Number Description Incorporated by Reference 3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 10-K of Registrant filed on March 2, 2015. 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated By-Law 1 of the Registrant. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on December 12, 2014. 
 4.1 
 Description of Share Capital 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 10-K of Registrant filed on February 21, 2020. 
 4.2 
 Registration Rights Agreement between Burger King Worldwide, Inc. and 3G Special Situations Fund II, L.P. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Form S-8 of Burger King Worldwide, Inc. (File No. 333-182232). 
 4.3 
 Registration Rights Agreement between Burger King Worldwide Inc., Pershing Square, L.P., Pershing Square II, L.P., Pershing Square International, Ltd. and William Ackman. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Form S-8 of Burger King Worldwide, Inc. (File No. 333-182232). 
 4.13 
 Indenture, dated as of September 24, 2019, by and among 1011778 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, as issuer, New Red Finance, Inc., as co-issuer, the guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and as collateral agent. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on September 24, 2019. 
 4.13(a) 
 Form of 3.875 First Lien Senior Secured Note due 2028 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.13). 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.13(a) to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on September 24, 2019. 
 4.13(b) 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 6, 2021, by and among 1011778 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, as issuer, New Red Finance, Inc., as co-issuer, the guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.19 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on July 7, 2021. 
 4.14 
 Indenture, dated as of November 19, 2019, by and among 1011778 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, as issuer, New Red Finance, Inc., as co-issuer, the guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and as collateral agent. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on November 20, 2019. 
 
 4.14(a) 
 Form of 4.375 Second Lien Senior Secured Note due 2028 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.14). 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.14(a) to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on November 20, 2019. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 4.15 
 Indenture, dated as of April 7, 2020, by and among 1011778 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, as issuer, New Red Finance, Inc., as co-issuer, the guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and as collateral agent. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on April 7, 2020. 
 4.15(a) 
 Form of 5.750 First Lien Senior Secured Note due 2025 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.15). 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15(a) to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on April 7, 2020. 
 4.16 
 Indenture, dated as of October 5, 2020, by and among 1011778 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, as issuer, New Red Finance, Inc., as co-issuer, the guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on October 13, 2020. 
 4.16(a) 
 Form of 4.000 Second Lien Senior Secured Notes due 2030 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.16) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16(a) to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on October 13, 2020. 
 4.17 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2020, by and among 1011778 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, as issuer, New Red Finance, Inc., as co-issuer, the guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.18 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on November 2, 2020. 
 4.18 
 Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2020, by and among 1011778 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, as issuer, New Red Finance, Inc., as co-issuer, the guarantors from time to time party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.18 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on November 9, 2020. 
 4.18(a) 
 Form of 3.500 First Lien Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.18) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.18(a) to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on November 9, 2020. 
 9.1 
 Voting Trust Agreement, dated December 12, 2014, between Restaurant Brands International Inc., Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership, and Computershare Trust Company of Canada. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on December 12, 2014. 
 10.1 
 Burger King Savings Plan, including all amendments thereto. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Form S-8 of Burger King Holdings, Inc. (File No. 333-144592). 
 10.2(a) 
 2011 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended effective December 12, 2014. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Form S-8 of Registrant (File No. 333-200997). 
 10.4(a) 
 Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended effective December 12, 2014. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Form S-8 of Registrant (File No. 333-200997). 
 10.4(b) 
 Form of Option Award Agreement under the Burger King Worldwide, Inc. 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Form 10-K of Burger King Worldwide, Inc. filed on February 22, 2013. 
 10.4(c) 
 Form of Matching Option Award Agreement under the Burger King Worldwide, Inc. 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Form 10-K of Burger King Worldwide, Inc. filed on February 22, 2013. 
 10.4(d) 
 Form of Amendment to Option Award Agreement under the Burger King Worldwide Holdings, Inc. 2011 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Form 10-Q of Burger King Worldwide, Inc. filed on April 26, 2013. 
 10.4(e) 
 Form of Option Award Agreement under the Burger King Worldwide, Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Form 10-Q of Burger King Worldwide, Inc. filed on July 31, 2013. 
 10.4(f) 
 Form of Board Member Option Award Agreement under the Burger King Worldwide, Inc. Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Form 10-Q of Burger King Worldwide, Inc. filed on July 31, 2013. 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 10.4(g) 
 Form of Option Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Form 10-Q of Burger King Worldwide, Inc. filed on October 28, 2013. 
 10.4(h) 
 Form of Board Member Option Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Form 10-Q of Burger King Worldwide, Inc. filed on October 28, 2013. 
 10.4(i) 
 Form of Board Member Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Form 10-K of Burger King Worldwide, Inc. filed on February 21, 2014. 
 10.4(j) 
 Form of Matching Option Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Form 10-K of Burger King Worldwide, Inc. filed on February 21, 2014. 
 10.5 
 Burger King Form of Director Indemnification Agreement. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K of Burger King Worldwide, Inc. filed on June 25, 2012. 
 10.7 
 Burger King Corporation U.S. Severance Pay Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference Exhibit 10.31 to the Form 10-Q of Burger King Worldwide, Inc. filed on October 28, 2013. 
 10.10(a) 
 Credit Agreement, dated October 27, 2014, among 1011778 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, as the Parent Borrower, New Red Finance, Inc., as the Subsidiary Borrower, 1013421 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, as Holdings, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, the Lenders Party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Syndication Agent, the Parties listed thereto as Co-Documentation Agents, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, and Wells Fargo Securities LLC, as Joint Lead Arrangers, and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Wells Fargo Securities LLC, and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith, Incorporated, as Joint Book Runners (the Credit Agreement ). 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Form S-4 of Registrant (File No. 333-198769). 
 10.10(b) 
 Guaranty, dated December 12, 2014, among 1013421 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, as Guarantor, Certain Subsidiaries defined therein, as Guarantors, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on December 12, 2014. 
 10.10(c) 
 Amendment No. 1, dated May 22, 2015, to the Credit Agreement. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on May 26, 2015. 
 10.10(d) 
 Amendment No. 2, dated February 17, 2017, to the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10(d) to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on October 26, 2017. 
 
 10.10(e) 
 Incremental Facility Amendment, dated as of March 27, 2017, to the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10(e) to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on October 26, 2017. 
 
 10.10(f) 
 Incremental Facility Amendment No. 2, dated as of May 17, 2017, to the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on May 17, 2017. 
 
 10.10(g) 
 Incremental Facility Amendment No. 3, dated as of October 13, 2017, to the Credit Agreement. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on October 16, 2017. 
 
 10.10(h) 
 Amendment No. 3, dated October 2, 2018, to the Credit Agreement. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10(h) to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on October 24, 2018. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 

 10.10(i) 
 Incremental Facility Amendment No. 4, dated as of September 6, 2019, to the Credit Agreement, dated October 27, 2014, by and among 1011778 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, as parent borrower, New Red Finance, Inc., as subsidiary borrower, 1013421 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, the other guarantors party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent and swing line lender, and the other lenders party thereto. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on September 9, 2019. 
 
 10.10(j) 
 Amendment No. 4, dated as of November 19, 2019, to the Credit Agreement, dated October 27, 2014, by and among 1011778 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, as parent borrower, New Red Finance, Inc., as subsidiary borrower, 1013421 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, the other guarantors party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent and swing line lender, and the other lenders party thereto. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on November 20, 2019. 
 
 10.10(k) 
 Amendment No. 5, dated as of April 2, 2020, to the Credit Agreement, dated October 27, 2014, by and among 1011778 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, as parent borrower, New Red Finance, Inc., as subsidiary borrower, 1013421 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, the other guarantors party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent and swing line lender, and the other lenders party thereto. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.71 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on April 3, 2020. 
 10.10(l) 
 Incremental Facility Amendment No. 5 and Amendment No. 6, dated as of December 13, 2021, to the Credit Agreement, dated October 27, 2014 (as amended), by and among 1011778 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, as parent borrower, New Red Finance, Inc., as subsidiary borrower, 1013421 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company, the other guarantors party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent and swing line lender, and the other lenders party thereto. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.80 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on December 15, 2021. 
 10.11(a) 
 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Form S-8 of Registrant (File No. 333-200997). 
 10.11(b) 
 Form of Option Award Agreement under the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11(b) to the Form 10-K of Registrant filed on March 2, 2015. 
 10.11(c) 
 Form of Base Matching Option Award Agreement under the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11(c) to the Form 10-K of Registrant filed on March 2, 2015. 
 10.11(d) 
 Form of Additional Matching Option Award Agreement under the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11(d) to the Form 10-K of Registrant filed on March 2, 2015. 
 10.11(e) 
 Form of Board Member Option Award Agreement under the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11(e) to the Form 10-K of Registrant filed on March 2, 2015. 
 10.11(f) 
 Form of Board Member Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11(f) to the Form 10-K of Registrant filed on March 2, 2015. 
 10.12 
 Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, dated December 11, 2014, between Restaurant Brands International Inc., 8997896 Canada Inc. and each person who is admitted as a Limited Partner in accordance with the terms of the agreement. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on December 12, 2014. 
 10.13 
 Restaurant Brands International Inc. Form of Director Indemnification Agreement. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Form 10-K of Registrant filed on March 2, 2015. 
 10.17(a) 
 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended effective December 12, 2014. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Form S-8 of Registrant (File No. 333-200997). 

104 

Table of Contents 

 10.17(b) 
 Tim Hortons Inc. Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (2012 Award). 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to the Form 10-Q of Tim Hortons Inc. filed on August 9, 2012. 
 10.17(c) 
 Tim Hortons Inc. Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (2013 Award). 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to the Form 10-Q of Tim Hortons Inc. filed on May 8, 2013. 
 10.17(d) 
 Tim Hortons Inc. Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (2014 Award). 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(c) to the Form 10-Q of Tim Hortons Inc. filed on August 6, 2014. 
 10.22 
 Employment and Post-Covenants Agreement dated as of February 3, 2015 between Restaurant Brands International Inc. and Joshua Kobza. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on May 5, 2015. 
 10.23 
 Employment and Post-Covenants Agreement dated as of February 3, 2015 between Burger King Corporation and Joshua Kobza. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on May 5, 2015. 
 10.24 
 Employment and Post-Covenants Agreement dated as of February 3, 2015 between The TDL Group Corp. and Joshua Kobza. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on May 5, 2015. 
 10.32 
 Form of Non-Compete, Non-Solicitation and Confidentiality Agreement. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Form 10-K of Registrant filed on February 23, 2021. 
 10.33 
 Restaurant Brands International Inc. 2015 Employee Share Purchase Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Form S-8 of Registrant filed on September 1, 2015. 
 10.35(a) 
 Form of Base Matching Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35(a) to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 29, 2016. 
 10.35(b) 
 Form of Additional Matching Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35(b) to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 29, 2016. 
 10.35(c) 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement under the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35(c) to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 29, 2016. 
 10.35(d) 
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35(d) to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 29, 2016. 
 10.36 
 Restaurant Brands International Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 Filed herewith 
 10.36(a) 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement (TH) under the Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Plan 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.73 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on May 1, 2020. 
 10.36(b) 
 Form Matching Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Plan 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36(b) to the Form 10-K of Registrant filed on February 23, 2021. 
 10.36(c) 
 Form Amended Performance Unit Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Plan 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36(c) to the Form 10-K of Registrant filed on February 23, 2021. 
 10.36(d) 
 Form Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Plan 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36(d) to the Form 10-K of Registrant filed on February 23, 2021. 
 10.36(e) 
 Form Performance Awards Agreement (TSR) under the Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Plan 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36(e) to the Form 10-K of Registrant filed on February 23, 2021. 
 10.36(f) 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement (Performance Measure and TSR) under the Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36(f) to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on May 3, 2021. 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

 10.36(g) 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement (Relative TSR) under the Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Plan. 
 Filed herewith. 
 10.36(h) 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement (Kobza 2023) under the Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Plan. 
 Filed herewith. 
 10.36(i) 
 Form Matching Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2023) under the Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Plan 
 Filed herewith. 
 10.36(j) 
 Form Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2023) under the Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Plan 
 Filed herewith. 
 10.37 
 Form of Restaurant Brands International Inc. Board Member Stock Option Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on October 24, 2016. 
 10.38 
 Restaurant Brands International Inc. U.S. Severance Pay Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Form 10-K of Registrant filed on February 17, 2017. 
 10.40 
 Amendment No. 1 to Restaurant Brands International Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 26, 2017. 
 
 10.41 
 Form of Base Matching Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 26, 2017. 
 
 10.42 
 Form of Additional Matching Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 26, 2017. 
 
 10.49(a) 
 Employment and Post-Employment Covenants Agreement dated as of February 9, 2015 by and between The TDL Group Corp. and Jill Granat. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.49(a) to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed April 24, 2018. 
 10.49(b) 
 Employment and Post-Employment Covenants Agreement dated as of February 9, 2015 by and between Restaurant Brands International Inc. and Jill Granat. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.49(b) to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed April 24, 2018. 
 10.49(c) 
 Employment and Post-Employment Covenants Agreement dated as of February 9, 2015 by and between Burger King Corporation and Jill Granat. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.49(c) to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed April 24, 2018. 
 10.50 
 Employment and Post-Employment Covenants Agreement dated as of January 22, 2018 by and between The TDL Group Corp. and Matthew Dunnigan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 29, 2019. 
 
 10.51 
 Employment and Post-Employment Covenants Agreement dated as of January 22, 2018 by and between Restaurant Brands International Inc. and Matthew Dunnigan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 29, 2019. 
 10.52 
 Employment and Post-Employment Covenants Agreement dated as of January 22, 2018 by and between Restaurant Brands International U.S. Services LLC and Matthew Dunnigan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 29, 2019. 
 
 10.53 
 Employment and Post-Employment Covenants Agreement dated as of January 23, 2019 by and between The TDL Group Corp. and Jose E. Cil. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 29, 2019. 
 
 10.54 
 Employment and Post-Employment Covenants Agreement dated as of January 23, 2019 by and between Restaurant Brands International Inc. and Jose E. Cil. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 29, 2019. 
 10.55 
 Employment and Post-Employment Covenants Agreement dated as of January 23, 2019 by and between Burger King Corporation and Jose E. Cil. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 29, 2019. 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 10.59 
 Amendment dated January 23, 2019 to Employment and Post-Covenants Agreement dated as of February 9, 2015 between Restaurant Brands International Inc. and Joshua Kobza. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 29, 2019. 
 10.60 
 Amendment dated January 23, 2019 to Employment and Post-Covenants Agreement dated as of February 9, 2015 between Burger King Corporation and Joshua Kobza. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 29, 2019. 
 10.61 
 Amendment dated January 23, 2019 to Employment and Post-Covenants Agreement dated as of February 9, 2015 between The TDL Group Corp. and Joshua Kobza. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 29, 2019. 
 10.62 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement under Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 29, 2019. 
 10.63 
 Amended and Restated Performance Award Agreement dated as of May 17, 2019 by and between Restaurant Brands International Inc. and Daniel Schwartz. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on August 2, 2019. 
 10.64 
 Form of Amended and Restated Base Matching Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement dated as of May 17, 2019 by and between Restaurant Brands International Inc. and Daniel Schwartz. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on August 2, 2019. 
 10.65 
 Form of Amended and Restated Additional Matching Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement dated as of May 17, 2019 by and between Restaurant Brands International Inc. and Daniel Schwartz. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on August 2, 2019. 
 10.77 
 Offer Letter dated February 26, 2021 between The TDL Group Corp. and Axel Schwan. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.77 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 30, 2021. 
 10.78 
 Tax Equalization Agreement dated December 21, 2020 between Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. and Sami Siddiqui. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.78 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on April 30, 2021. 
 10.80 
 Offer Letter dated December 8, 2020 among Burger King Europe GmbH, PLK Europe GmbH, and Tim Hortons Restaurants International GmbH and David Shear. 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.80 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on May 3, 2022. 
 10.81 
 Tax Equalization Agreement dated April 30, 2021 between Burger King Europe GmbH and David Shear. 
 Incorporated here by reference to Exhibit 10.81 to the Form 10-Q of Registrant filed on May 3, 2022. 
 10.82 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated November 15, 2022, between Restaurant Brands International Inc. and Lodgepole 231 LLC 
 Incorporated here by reference to Exhibit 10.82 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on November 16, 2022. 
 10.83 
 Offer Letter, dated November 15, 2022, between J. Patrick Doyle and Restaurant Brands International US Services LLC 
 Incorporated here by reference to Exhibit 10.83 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on November 16, 2022. 
 10.84 
 Form of Option Award Agreement for J. Patrick Doyle. 
 Incorporated here by reference to Exhibit 10.84 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on November 16, 2022. 
 10.85 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for J. Patrick Doyle 
 Incorporated here by reference to Exhibit 10.85 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on November 16, 2022. 
 10.86 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement 
 Incorporated here by reference to Exhibit 10.86 to the Form 8-K of Registrant filed on November 16, 2022. 
 10.87(a) 
 Agreement dated February 13, 2023 terminating Employment Agreements between Jose E. Cil and each of Restaurant Brands International Inc. and The TDL Group Corp. 
 Filed herewith. 
 10.87(b) 
 Amendment dated February 13, 2023 to Employment Agreement between Burger King Company LLC and Jose E. Cil 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 10.87(c) 
 Separation Agreement dated February 13, 2023 between Burger King Company LLC and Jose E. Cil. 
 Filed herewith. 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 Filed herewith. 
 23.1 
 Consent of KPMG LLP. 
 Filed herewith. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed herewith. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Filed herewith. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc. pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc. pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document Filed herewith. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. Filed herewith. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. Filed herewith. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. Filed herewith. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. Filed herewith. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. Filed herewith. 104 Cover Page Interactive File Formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Certain instruments relating to long-term borrowings, constituting less than 10 percent of the total assets of the Registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, are not filed as exhibits herewith pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish copies of such instruments to the SEC upon request. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Restaurant Brands International Inc. By: /s/ Jos E. Cil Name: Jos E. Cil Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: February 22, 2023 
 108 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Jos E. Cil Chief Executive Officer February 22, 2023 Jos E. Cil (principal executive officer) /s/ Matthew Dunnigan Chief Financial Officer February 22, 2023 Matthew Dunnigan (principal financial officer) /s/ Jacqueline Friesner Controller and Chief Accounting Officer February 22, 2023 Jacqueline Friesner (principal accounting officer) /s/ J. Patrick Doyle Executive Chairman February 22, 2023 J. Patrick Doyle /s/ Alexandre Behring Director February 22, 2023 Alexandre Behring /s/ Joao M. Castro-Neves Director February 22, 2023 Joao M. Castro-Neves /s/ Maximilien de Limburg Stirum Director February 22, 2023 Maximilien de Limburg Stirum /s/ Paul J. Fribourg Director February 22, 2023 Paul J. Fribourg /s/ Ali Hedayat Director February 22, 2023 Ali Hedayat /s/ Golnar Khosrowshahi Director February 22, 2023 Golnar Khosrowshahi /s/ Marc Lemann Director February 22, 2023 Marc Lemann /s/ Jason Melbourne Director February 22, 2023 Jason Melbourne /s/ Cristina Farjallat Director February 22, 2023 Cristina Farjallat /s/ Daniel Schwartz Director February 22, 2023 Daniel Schwartz /s/ Thecla Sweeney Director February 22, 2023 Thecla Sweeney 
 109 

<EX-10.36>
 2
 exhibit1036-2023amendedand.htm
 EX-10.36

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.36 

 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 2014 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Amended and Restated June 9, 2016 
 Further Amended June 7, 2018 
 Further Amended February 1, 2023 
 Section 1. Purpose. The purpose of the Restaurant Brands International Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan is to attract, retain and reward those employees, directors and other individuals who are expected to contribute significantly to the success of the Company and its Affiliates, to incentivize such individuals to perform at the highest level, to strengthen the mutuality of interests between such individuals and the Company s stockholders and, in general, to further the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. 
 Section 2. Definitions. As used in the Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below 
 Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Reference to a specific section of the Act or regulation thereunder shall include such section or regulation, any valid regulation or interpretation promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such section or regulation. 
 Affiliate shall mean (i) any entity that, directly or indirectly, controls (as well as is controlled by or under common or joint control with) the Company or (ii) any entity in which the Company has a significant equity interest, in either case as determined by the Committee provided that, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Shares subject to any Options or SAR that are granted to a service provider of an Affiliate constitutes service recipient stock for purposes of Section 409A of the Code or otherwise does not subject the Award to the excise tax under Section 409A of the Code. 
 Award shall mean any Option, Stock Appreciation Right, award of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Deferred Stock, annual or long-term Performance Award, Other Stock-Based Award or Cash-Based Award granted under the Plan, which may be denominated or settled in Shares, cash, equity interests in any entity with respect to which the Company holds, directly or indirectly, a controlling interest, whether such entity is a corporation, partnership or other entity, or in such other forms as provided for herein. All Awards shall be granted by an Award Agreement. 
 Award Agreement shall mean the agreement (whether in written or electronic form) or other instrument or document evidencing any Award granted under the Plan, which may, but need not, be executed or acknowledged by a Participant. 
 Beneficiary shall mean a person or persons entitled to receive payments or other benefits or exercise rights that are available under the Plan in the event of the Participant s death. If no such person is named by a Participant, such individual s Beneficiary shall be the individual s estate. 
 Blackout Period means a period when the Participant is prohibited from trading in the Company s securities pursuant to securities regulatory requirements or the Company s insider trading policy or other applicable policy or requirement of the Company. 
 Board shall mean the board of directors of the Company. 
 Cash-Based Award means an Award granted pursuant to Section 11 of the Plan and payable in cash at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of 
 (i) any person (as defined in Section 13(d) of the Act) (other than the Company, its Affiliates or an employee benefit plan or trust maintained by the Company or its affiliates, or any company owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of Shares of the Company) becoming the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities (excluding any 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

 person who becomes such a beneficial owner (x) in connection with a transaction described in clause (A) of paragraph (ii) below or (y) in connection with a distribution to them in their capacity as a member or partner (whether general or limited partners) in 3G Special Situations Fund II, L.P., a limited partnership formed under the laws of the Cayman Islands 3G )) 
 (ii) the consummation of (A) a merger or consolidation of the Company or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or any parent thereof) more than 20 of the combined voting power or the total fair market value of the securities of the Company or such surviving entity or any parent thereof outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation provided, however, that a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no person (other than those covered by the exceptions in paragraph (i) of this definition) acquires more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities shall not constitute a Change in Control of the Company or 
 (iii) a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company or the consummation of any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company other than such liquidation, sale or disposition to a person or persons who beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 20 of the combined voting power of the outstanding voting securities of the Company at the time of the sale. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Award that is characterized as nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, an event shall not be considered to be a Change in Control under the Plan for purposes of payment of such Award unless such event is also a change in ownership, a change in effective control or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
 Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Any reference to any section of the Code shall also be a reference to any successor provision and any treasury regulation promulgated thereunder. 
 Committee shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board or such other committee as may be designated by the Board. If the Board does not designate the Committee, references herein to the Committee shall refer to the Board. 
 Company shall mean Restaurant Brands International Inc. 
 Consultant means a person or corporation engaged by the Company to provide services for an initial, renewable or extended period of 12 months or more. 
 Covered Employee means an individual who is (i) a covered employee within the meaning of Section 162(m)(3) of the Code, or any successor provision thereto and (ii) any individual who is designated by the Committee, in its discretion, at the time of any Award or at any subsequent time, as reasonably expected to be a covered employee with respect to the taxable year of the Company in which any applicable Award will be paid. 
 Deferred Stock shall mean a right to receive Shares or other Awards or a combination thereof at the end of a specified deferral period, granted under Section 9. 
 Dividend Equivalent means a right, granted to a Participant under the plan, to receive cash, shares, other Awards or other property equal in value to dividends paid with respect to Shares. 
 Effective Date shall mean the Closing Date as defined in the Arrangement Agreement dated August 26, 2014 among the Company, Burger King Worldwide, Inc. and Tim Hortons Inc. 
 Fair Market Value means, for purposes of the Plan, unless otherwise required by any applicable provision of the Code, any regulations issued thereunder or other applicable law, as of any date and except as provided below, the last sales price reported for the Shares on the applicable date (i) as reported on the TSX, in the case of a Canadian Participant or (ii) the NYSE in the case of a U.S. Participant or other Participant who is not a Canadian Participant or (iii) if the Shares are not traded, listed or otherwise reported or quoted, the Committee shall determine in good faith the Fair Market Value in whatever manner it considers appropriate taking into account the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and any other applicable law. For purposes of the grant of any Award, the applicable date shall be the trading day immediately prior to the date on which the 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

 Award is granted. For purposes of the exercise of any Award, the applicable date shall be the date a notice of exercise is received by the Committee or its designee, as applicable, or, if not a day on which the applicable market is open, the next day that it is open. 
 Incentive Stock Option shall mean an option representing the right to purchase Shares from the Company, granted under and in accordance with the terms of Section 6, that is intended to be and is designated as an Incentive Stock Option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 
 NYSE means the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option shall mean an option representing the right to purchase Shares from the Company, granted under and in accordance with the terms of Section 6, that is not an Incentive Stock Option. 
 Option shall mean an Incentive Stock Option or a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 
 Other Stock-Based Award means an Award granted pursuant to Section 11 of the Plan. 
 Participant shall mean the recipient of an Award granted under the Plan. 
 Performance Award means an Award granted pursuant to Section 10 of the Plan. 
 Performance Goals means goals established by the Committee as contingencies for Awards to vest and or become exercisable or distributable based on one or more of the performance goals set forth in Exhibit A hereto. 
 Performance Period means the period established by the Committee at the time any Performance Award is granted or at any time thereafter during which any Performance Goals specified by the Committee with respect to such Award are measured or must be satisfied. 
 Plan shall mean the Restaurant Brands International Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as the same may be amended from time to time. 
 Prior Plan Award shall mean a grant of a restricted stock unit, an option or other stock based award granted under a Prior Plan. 
 Prior Plans shall mean the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, the Company s 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, the Company s 2011 Omnibus Incentive Plan, and the Company s Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Incentive Plan, each as amended effective as of the Effective Date. 
 Restricted Stock shall mean any Share granted under Section 8. 
 Restricted Stock Unit shall mean a contractual right granted under Section 8 that is denominated in Shares. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents a right to receive one Share or at the sole discretion of the Committee, the cash value of one Share upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement. 
 Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 under Section 16(b) of the Act as then in effect or any successor provision. 
 SAR or Stock Appreciation Right shall mean any right granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 7 to receive, upon exercise by the Participant, the excess of (i) the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date of exercise over (ii) the grant price of the right on the date of grant, or if granted in connection with an outstanding Option on the date of grant of the related Option, as specified by the Committee in its sole discretion, which, except in the case of Substitute Awards or in connection with an adjustment provided in Section 5(c), shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of one Share on such date of grant of the right or the related Option, as the case may be. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Reference to a specific section of the Securities Act or regulation thereunder shall include such section or regulation, any valid regulation or interpretation promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such section or regulation. 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

 Service shall mean the active performance of services for the Company or an Affiliate by a person who is an employee or director of the Company or an Affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Award that is characterized as nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, an event shall not be considered to be a termination of Service under the Plan for purposes of payment of such Award unless such event is also a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
 Shares shall mean shares of the common stock of the Company. 
 Subsidiary shall mean any corporation of which stock representing at least 50 of the ordinary voting power is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company. 
 Substitute Awards shall mean Awards granted in assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding awards previously granted by a company acquired by the Company or with which the Company combines. 
 Transfer means (a) when used as a noun, any direct or indirect transfer, sale, assignment, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance or other disposition (including the issuance of equity in any entity), whether for value or no value and whether voluntary or involuntary (including by operation of law), and (b) when used as a verb, to directly or indirectly transfer, sell, assign, pledge, encumber, charge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of (including the issuance of equity in any entity) whether for value or for no value and whether voluntarily or involuntarily (including by operation of law). Transferred and Transferable shall have a correlative meaning. 
 TSX means the Toronto Stock Exchange. 
 Section 3. Eligibility. 
 (a) Any employee, director, Consultant or other advisor of, or any other individual who provides services to, the Company or any Affiliate, shall be eligible to be selected to receive an Award under the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, only eligible employees of the Company, its subsidiaries and its parent (as determined in accordance with Section 422(b) of the Code) are eligible to be granted Incentive Stock Options under the Plan. Eligibility for the grant of Awards and actual participation in the Plan shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 (b) An individual who has agreed to accept employment by the Company or an Affiliate shall be deemed to be eligible for Awards hereunder as of the date of such acceptance provided that vesting and exercise of Awards granted to such individual are conditioned upon such individual actually becoming an employee of the Company or an Affiliate. 
 (c) Holders of Options and other types of Awards granted by a company acquired by the Company or with which the Company combines are eligible for grant of Substitute Awards hereunder. 
 Section 4. Administration. 
 (a) The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee shall be appointed by the Board and shall consist of not less than two directors. To the extent required by applicable law, rule or regulation, it is intended that each member of the Committee shall qualify both as a non-employee director under Rule 16b-3 and an outside director under Section 162(m) of the Code. If it is later determined that one or more members of the Committee do not so qualify, actions taken by the Committee prior to such determination shall be valid despite such failure to qualify. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of the Committee who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the Committee. The Committee may delegate to one or more officers of the Company the authority to grant Awards except that such delegation shall not be applicable to any Award for a person then covered by Section 16 of the Act or a Covered Employee. The Committee may issue rules and regulations for administration of the Plan. It shall meet at such times and places as it may determine. 
 (b) Subject to Section 15, the Committee shall have the authority to adopt, alter and repeal such administrative rules, guidelines and practices governing the Plan and perform all acts, including the delegation of its responsibilities (to the extent permitted by applicable law and applicable stock exchange rules), as it shall, from time to time, deem advisable to construe and interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan and any Award issued under the Plan (and any agreements relating thereto) and to otherwise supervise the administration of the Plan. The Committee may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or in any agreement relating thereto in the manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary to effectuate the purpose and intent of the Plan. The Committee may adopt special guidelines and provisions for persons who are residing in or employed in, or subject to, the taxes of, any domestic or foreign jurisdictions to comply with applicable tax 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

 and securities laws of such domestic or foreign jurisdictions. To the extent applicable, the Plan is intended to comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 16b-3, and with respect to Awards granted pursuant to a written binding contract in effect on November 2, 2017 that are intended to qualify for the exception for performance-based compensation, the applicable provisions of Section 162(m) of the Code, and the Plan shall be limited, construed and interpreted in a manner so as to comply therewith. 
 (c) Subject to the terms of the Plan and applicable law and the rules of the TSX and in addition to those authorities provided in Section 4(c), the Committee (or its delegate) shall have full power and authority to (i) designate Participants (ii) determine the type or types of Awards (including Substitute Awards) to be granted to each Participant under the Plan (iii) determine the number of Shares to be covered by (or with respect to which payments, rights, or other matters are to be calculated in connection with) Awards (iv) determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder (including, but not limited to, the exercise or purchase price (if any), any restriction or limitation, any vesting schedule or acceleration thereof, or any forfeiture restrictions or waiver thereof, regarding any Award and the Shares relating thereto, based on such factors, if any, as the Committee shall determine, in its sole discretion) (v) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances Awards may be settled or exercised in cash, Shares, other securities, or other Awards, or canceled, forfeited or suspended, and the method or methods by which Awards may be settled, exercised, canceled, forfeited or suspended (vi) determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances cash, Shares, other securities, other Awards, and other amounts payable with respect to an Award under the Plan shall be deferred either automatically or at the election of the holder thereof or of the Committee, taking into consideration the requirements of Section 409A of the Code (vii) determine whether to require a Participant, as a condition of the granting of any Award, to not sell or otherwise dispose of shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Award for a period of time as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion, following the date of the acquisition of such Award (viii) to determine whether an Option is an Incentive Stock Option or Non-Qualified Option (ix) to modify, extend or renew an Award, provided, however, that such action does not subject the Award to Section 409A of the Code without the consent of the Participant and provided that such extension of the Award does not benefit an Insider (as defined in Section 21 of the Plan) interpret and administer the Plan and any instrument or agreement relating to, or Award made under, the Plan establish, amend, suspend or waive such rules and regulations and appoint such agents as it shall deem appropriate for the proper administration of the Plan (xii) solely to the extent permitted by applicable law and the rules of the TSX, to determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances to provide loans (which may be on a recourse basis and shall bear interest at the rate the Committee shall provide) to Participants in order to exercise Options or acquire Shares under the Plan (ix) to permit accelerated vesting or lapse of restrictions of any Award at any time and (x) make any other determination and take any other action that the Committee deems necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan. 
 (d) All decisions of the Committee shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all parties, including the Company, the shareholders and the Participants. 
 Section 5. Shares Available for Awards Per Person Limitations. 
 (a) Subject to adjustment as provided below, the maximum number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan is equal to (i) 30,000,000, plus (ii) any Shares subject to Prior Plan Awards which, on or after the Effective Date, cease for any reason to be subject to such Prior Plan Awards other than by reason of exercise or settlement of the Prior Plan Awards to the extent they are exercised for or settled in Shares reserved under a Prior Plan or settled pursuant to the exercise of a stock appreciation right issued in tandem with the Prior Plan Award. The maximum possible number of Shares subject to Prior Plan Awards that could be made available for purposes of the Plan is 18,769,078. Therefore, the maximum number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan is 48,769,078. The maximum number of these reserved Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options may be granted under the Plan shall be 15,000,000 Shares. With respect to Stock Appreciation Rights settled in Shares, upon settlement, only the number of Shares delivered to a Participant (based on the difference between the Fair Market Value of the Shares subject to such Stock Appreciation Right on the date such Stock Appreciation Right is exercised and the exercise price of each Stock Appreciation Right on the date such Stock Appreciation Right was awarded) shall count against the aggregate and individual share limitations set forth under this Section 5. If any Option, Stock Appreciation Right or Other Stock-Based Awards granted under the Plan expires, terminates or is canceled for any reason without having been exercised in full, the number of Shares underlying any unexercised Award shall again be available for the purpose of Awards under the Plan. If any shares of Restricted Stock, Performance Awards or Other Stock-Based Awards denominated in Shares awarded under the Plan to a Participant are forfeited for any reason, the number of forfeited shares of Restricted Stock, Performance Awards or Other Stock-Based Awards denominated in Shares shall again be available for purposes of Awards under the Plan. Any Award under the Plan settled in cash shall not be counted against the foregoing maximum share limitations. 
 (b) Any Shares delivered pursuant to an Award may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued Shares or Shares acquired by the Company. 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

 (c) To the extent required by Section 162(m) of the Code for Awards granted under the Plan pursuant to a written binding contract in effect on November 2, 2017, to qualify as performance-based compensation, the following individual Participant limitations shall apply 
 (i) The maximum number of Shares subject to any Award of Options, or Stock Appreciation Rights, shares of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Other Stock-Based Awards for which the grant of such Award or the lapse of the relevant restriction period is subject to the attainment of Performance Goals in accordance with Section 10 which may be granted under the Plan during any fiscal year of the Company to any Participant shall be 2,000,000 Shares per type of Award (which shall be subject to any further increase or decrease pursuant to Section 5(d)) provided that the maximum number of Shares for all types of Awards granted to any Participant does not exceed 2,000,000 Shares (which shall be subject to any further increase or decrease pursuant to Section 5(d)) during any fiscal year of the Company. If a Stock Appreciation Right is granted in tandem with an Option, it shall apply against the Participant s individual share limitations for both Stock Appreciation Rights and Options. 
 (ii) There are no annual individual share limitations applicable to Participants on Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Other Stock-Based Awards for which the grant, vesting or payment (as applicable) of any such Award is not subject to the attainment of Performance Goals. 
 (iii) The maximum number of Shares subject to any Performance Award which may be granted under the Plan during any fiscal year of the Company to any Participant shall be 2,000,000 Shares (which shall be subject to any further increase or decrease pursuant to Section 5(d)) with respect to any fiscal year of the Company. 
 (iv) The maximum value of a cash payment made under a Performance Award which may be granted under the Plan with respect to any fiscal year of the Company to any Participant shall be 10,000,000. 
 (v) The individual Participant limitations set forth in this Section 5(c) (other than Section 5(c)(iii)) shall be cumulative that is, to the extent that Shares for which Awards are permitted to be granted to a Participant during a fiscal year are not covered by an Award to such Participant in a fiscal year, the number of Shares available for Awards to such Participant shall automatically increase in the subsequent fiscal years during the term of the Plan until used. 
 (d) Changes 
 (i) The existence of the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder shall not affect in any way the right or power of the Board or the shareholders of the Company to make or authorize (a) any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Company s capital structure or its business, (b) any merger or consolidation of the Company or any Affiliate, (c) any issuance of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or affecting the Shares (d) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company or any Affiliate, (e) any sale or transfer of all or part of the assets or business of the Company or any Affiliate or (f) any other corporate act or proceeding. 
 (ii) Subject to the provisions of Section 5(d)(iv), if there shall occur any such change in the capital structure of the Company by reason of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, extraordinary dividend, subdivision, combination or reclassification of shares that may be issued under the Plan, any recapitalization, any merger, any consolidation, any spin off, any reorganization or any partial or complete liquidation, or any other corporate transaction or event having an effect similar to any of the foregoing (a Corporate Event ), then (i) the aggregate number and or kind of shares that thereafter may be issued under the Plan, (ii) the number and or kind of shares or other property (including cash) to be issued upon exercise of an outstanding Award granted under the Plan, and or (iii) the purchase price thereof, shall be appropriately adjusted. In addition, subject to Section 5(d)(iv), if there shall occur any change in the capital structure or the business of the Company that is not a Corporate Event (an Other Extraordinary Event ), including by reason of any ordinary dividend (whether cash or stock), any conversion, any adjustment, any issuance of any class of securities convertible or exercisable into, or exercisable for, any class of stock, or any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Company s assets or business, then the Committee, in its sole discretion, may adjust any Award and make such other adjustments to the Plan. Any adjustment pursuant to this Section 5(d) shall be consistent with the applicable Corporate Event or the applicable Other Extraordinary Event, as the case may be, and in such manner as the Committee may, in its sole discretion, deem appropriate and equitable to prevent substantial dilution or enlargement of the rights granted to, or available for, Participants under the Plan. Any such adjustment determined by the Committee shall be final, binding and conclusive on the Company and all Participants and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and permitted assigns. Except as expressly provided in this Section 5(d) or in the applicable Award Agreement, a Participant shall have no rights by reason of any Corporate Event or any Other Extraordinary Event. 
 (iii) Fractional shares of Shares resulting from any adjustment in Awards pursuant to Section 5(d)(i) or Section 5(d)(ii) shall be aggregated until, and eliminated at, the time of exercise by rounding-down for fractions less than one-half and rounding-up for fractions equal to or greater than one-half. No cash settlements shall be made with respect to fractional shares eliminated by rounding. Notice of any adjustment shall 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

 be given by the Committee to each Participant whose Award has been adjusted and such adjustment (whether or not such notice is given) shall be effective and binding for all purposes of the Plan. 
 (iv) In the event of a merger or consolidation of the Company or in the event of any transaction that results in the acquisition of substantially all of the Company s outstanding Shares by a single person or entity or by a group of persons and or entities acting in concert, or in the event of the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Company s assets (all of the foregoing being referred to as an Acquisition Event ), then the Committee may, in its sole discretion, terminate all outstanding and unexercised Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, or any Other Stock-Based Award that provides for a Participant elected exercise, effective as of the date of the Acquisition Event, by (i) cashing-out such Awards upon the date of consummation of the Acquisition Event, or (ii) delivering notice of termination to each Participant at least 5 days prior to the date of consummation of the Acquisition Event, in which case during the period from the date on which such notice of termination is delivered to the consummation of the Acquisition Event, each such Participant shall have the right to exercise in full all of such Participant s Awards that are then outstanding (without regard to any limitations on exercisability otherwise contained in the Award Agreements), but any such exercise shall be contingent on the occurrence of the Acquisition Event, and, provided that, if the Acquisition Event does not take place within a specified period after giving such notice for any reason whatsoever, the notice and exercise pursuant thereto shall be null and void. If an Acquisition Event occurs but the Committee does not terminate the outstanding Awards pursuant to this Section 5(d)(iv), then the provisions of Section 5(d)(ii) and Section 13 shall apply. 
 (e) Shares underlying Substitute Awards and Shares underlying awards that can only be settled in cash shall not reduce the number of Shares remaining available for issuance under the Plan. 
 (f) Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, if authorized but previously unissued Shares are issued under the Plan, such shares shall not be issued for a consideration that is less than as permitted under applicable law and the rules of the TSX. 
 (g) The maximum number of Shares subject to any Award which may be granted under the Plan during any fiscal year of the Company to any director shall be 1,000,000 Shares (which shall be subject to any further increase or decrease pursuant to Section 5(d)). 
 Section 6. Options. 
 The Committee is hereby authorized to grant Options to Participants with the following terms and conditions and with such additional terms and conditions, in either case not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall determine 
 (a) The purchase price per Share under an Option shall be determined by the Committee provided, however, that, except in the case of Substitute Awards, such purchase price shall not be less than the 100 (or 110 in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a person owning stock possessing more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company, its subsidiaries or its parent, determined in accordance with Section 422(b)(6) of the Code) of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant of such Option. 
 (b) The term of each Option shall be fixed by the Committee but shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the term of an Option (other than an Incentive Stock Option) held by any Participant not subject to Section 409A of the Code would otherwise expire during, or within ten business days of the expiration of a Blackout Period applicable to such Participant, then the term of such Option shall be extended to the close of business on the tenth business day following the expiration of the Blackout Period. 
 (c) The Committee shall determine the time or times at which an Option may be exercised in whole or in part. 
 (d) To the extent vested and exercisable, Options may be exercised in whole or in part at any time during the Option term, by giving written notice of exercise to the Company specifying the number of Shares to be purchased. Such notice shall be accompanied by payment in full of the purchase price as follows (i) in cash or by check, bank draft or money order payable to the order of the Company (ii) solely to the extent permitted by applicable law, if the Shares are traded on a national securities exchange, and the Committee authorizes, through a procedure whereby the Participant delivers irrevocable instructions to a broker reasonably acceptable to the Committee to deliver promptly to the Company an amount equal to the purchase price or (iii) on such other terms and conditions as may be acceptable to the Committee (including, without limitation, having the Company withhold Shares issuable upon exercise of the Option, or by payment in full or in part in the form of Shares owned by the Participant, based on the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the payment date as determined by the Committee). No Shares shall be issued until payment therefor, as provided herein, has been made or provided for. 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

 (e) The terms of any Incentive Stock Option granted under the Plan shall comply in all respects with the provisions of Section 422 of the Code, or any successor provision thereto, and any regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the time of grant) of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by a Participant Employee during any calendar year under the Plan and or any other stock option plan of the Company, any subsidiary or any parent exceeds 100,000, such Options shall be treated as Non-Qualified Options. Should any provision of the Plan not be necessary in order for the Options to qualify as Incentive Stock Options, or should any additional provisions be required, the Committee may amend the Plan accordingly, without the necessity of obtaining the approval of the stockholders of the Company, subject to the rules of the TSX. Should any provision of the Plan not be necessary in order for the Options to qualify as Incentive Stock Options, or should any additional provisions be required, the Committee may amend the Plan accordingly, without the necessity of obtaining the approval of the stockholders of the Company, subject to the rules of the TSX. To the extent that any such Option does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option (whether because of its provisions or the time or manner of its exercise or otherwise), such Option or the portion thereof which does not so qualify shall constitute a separate Non-Qualified Stock Option. 
 Section 7. Stock Appreciation Rights. 
 (a) The Committee is hereby authorized to grant Stock Appreciation Rights SARs to Participants with terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan. 
 (b) SARs may be granted hereunder to Participants either alone freestanding or in addition to other Awards granted under the Plan tandem and may, but need not, relate to a specific Options granted under Section 6. 
 (c) Any tandem SAR related to an Option may be granted at the same time such Option is granted to the Participant. In the case of any tandem SAR related to any Option, the SAR or applicable portion thereof shall not be exercisable until the related Option or applicable portion thereof is exercisable and shall terminate and no longer be exercisable upon the termination or exercise of the related Option, except that a SAR granted with respect to less than the full number of Shares covered by a related Option shall not be reduced until the exercise or termination of the related Option exceeds the number of Shares not covered by the SAR. Any Option related to any tandem SAR shall no longer be exercisable to the extent the related SAR has been exercised. 
 (d) A freestanding SAR shall not have a term of greater than 10 years or, unless it is a Substitute Award, an exercise price less than 100 of Fair Market Value of the Share on the date of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the term of a SAR held by any Participant not subject to Section 409A of the Code would otherwise expire during, or within ten business days of the expiration of a Blackout Period applicable to such Participant, then the term of such SAR shall be extended to the close of business on the tenth business day following the expiration of the Blackout Period. 
 Section 8. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units. 
 (a) The Committee is hereby authorized to grant Awards of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units to Participants. 
 (b) Shares of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such restrictions as the Committee may impose (including, without limitation, any limitation on the right to vote a Share of Restricted Stock or the right to receive any dividend or dividend equivalent or other right), which restrictions may lapse separately or in combination at such time or times, in such installments or otherwise, as the Committee may deem appropriate. 
 (c) Any share of Restricted Stock granted under the Plan may be evidenced in such manner as the Committee may deem appropriate including, without limitation, book-entry registration or issuance of a stock certificate or certificates. In the event any stock certificate is issued in respect of shares of Restricted Stock granted under the Plan, such certificate shall be registered in the name of the Participant and shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock. If stock certificates are issued in respect of shares of Restricted Stock, the Committee may require that any stock certificates evidencing such Shares be held in custody by the Company until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed, and that, as a condition of any grant of Restricted Stock, the Participant shall have delivered a duly signed stock power or other instruments of assignment (including a power of attorney), each endorsed in blank with a guarantee of signature if deemed necessary or appropriate by the Company, which would permit transfer to the Company of all or a portion of the shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award in the event that such Award is forfeited in whole or part. 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

 (d) The Committee may in its discretion, when it finds that a waiver would be in the best interests of the Company, waive in whole or in part any or all restrictions with respect to Shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units and with respect to Restricted Stock Units at the sole discretion of the Committee, deviating from the vesting conditions set out in the applicable Award Agreement. 
 (e) The Committee, in its discretion, may award Dividend Equivalents in the form of additional Awards of Restricted Stock Units. The entitlements on such Dividend Equivalents will not be available until the vesting of the underlying Award of Restricted Stock Units. 
 (f) If the Committee intends that an Award under this Section 8 shall constitute or give rise to qualified performance based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, such Award may be structured in accordance with the requirements of Section 10, including without limitation, the Performance Goals and the Award limitation set forth therein, and any such Award shall be considered a Performance Award for purposes of the Plan. 
 Section 9. Deferred Stock. The Committee is authorized to grant Deferred Stock to Participants, subject to the following terms and conditions 
 (a) Deferred Stock shall be settled upon expiration of the deferral period specified for an Award of Deferred Stock by the Committee (or, if permitted by the Committee, as elected by the Participant). In addition, Deferred Stock shall be subject to such restrictions on transferability, risk of forfeiture and other restrictions, if any, as the Committee may impose, which restrictions may lapse at the expiration of the deferral period or at earlier specified times (including based on achievement of performance goals and or future service requirements), separately or in combination, in installments or otherwise, and under such other circumstances as the Committee may determine at the date of grant or thereafter. Deferred Stock may be satisfied by delivery of Shares, other Awards, or a combination thereof, as determined by the Committee at the date of grant or thereafter. 
 (b) The Committee, in its discretion, may award Dividend Equivalents with respect to Awards of Deferred Stock. The entitlements on such Dividend Equivalents will not be available until the expiration of the deferral period for the Award of Deferred Stock. 
 Section 10. Performance Awards. 
 (a) The Committee may grant a Performance Award to a Participant payable upon the attainment of specific Performance Goals. The Committee may grant Performance Awards that are intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, as well as Performance Awards that are not intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code. Performance Awards only may qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code to the extent granted pursuant to a written binding contract in effect on November 2, 2017. If the Performance Award is payable in shares of Restricted Stock, such shares shall be transferable to the Participant only upon attainment of the relevant Performance Goal in accordance with Section 8. If the Performance Award is payable in cash, it may be paid upon the attainment of the relevant Performance Goals either in cash or in shares of Restricted Stock (based on the then current Fair Market Value of such shares), as determined by the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion. Each Performance Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement in such form that is not inconsistent with the Plan and that the Committee may from time to time approve. With respect to Performance Awards that are intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee shall condition the right to payment of any Performance Award upon the attainment of objective Performance Goals established pursuant to Section 10(b)(iii). 
 (b) Terms and Conditions. Performance Awards awarded pursuant to this Section 10 shall be subject to the following terms and conditions 
 (i) Earning of Performance Award . At the expiration of the applicable Performance Period, the Committee shall determine the extent to which the Performance Goals established pursuant to Section 10(b) are achieved and the percentage of each Performance Award that has been earned. 
 (ii) Non-Transferability . Subject to the applicable provisions of the Award Agreement and the Plan, Performance Awards may not be Transferred during the Performance Period. 
 (iii) Objective Performance Goals, Formulae or Standards . With respect to Performance Awards that are intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee shall establish the objective Performance Goals for the earning of Performance Awards based on a Performance Period applicable to each Participant or class of Participants in writing prior to the beginning of the applicable Performance Period or at such later date as permitted under Section 162(m) of the Code and while the outcome of the Performance Goals are substantially uncertain. Such Performance Goals may incorporate, if and only to the extent permitted under Section 162(m) of the Code, provisions for disregarding (or adjusting for) the 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

 impact of any of the following that the Committee determines to be appropriate (i) corporate transactions (including, without limitation, dispositions and acquisitions) and other similar type events or circumstances, (ii) restructurings, discontinued operations, extraordinary items or events, and other unusual or non-recurring charges as described in Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 30 and or management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations appearing or incorporated by reference in the Company s Form 10-K for the applicable year (iii) an event either not directly related to the operations of the Company or any of its Affiliates or not within the reasonable control of the Company s management, (iv) a change in tax law or accounting standards required by generally accepted accounting principles, or (v) such other exclusions or adjustments as the Committee specifies at the time the Award is granted. To the extent that any such provision would create impermissible discretion under Section 162(m) of the Code or otherwise violate Section 162(m) of the Code, such provision shall be of no force or effect, with respect to Performance Awards that are intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code. 
 (c) Dividends. The Committee may, in its discretion, award Dividend Equivalents with respect to Performance Awards. Except as otherwise specified in a Performance Award Agreement, the entitlements on such Dividend Equivalents shall be subject to the same vesting conditions and shall be settled at the same times that apply with respect to the underlying Performance Award. 
 (d) Payment . Following the Committee s determination in accordance with Section 10(b)(i) the Company shall settle Performance Awards, in such form (including, without limitation, in Shares or in cash) as determined by the Committee, in an amount equal to such Participant s earned Performance Awards. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, award an amount less than the earned Performance Awards and or subject the payment of all or part of any Performance Award to additional vesting, forfeiture and deferral conditions as it deems appropriate. 
 (e) Termination . Subject to the applicable provisions of the Award Agreement and the Plan, upon a Participant s termination of Service for any reason during the Performance Period for a given Performance Award, the Performance Award in question will vest or be forfeited in accordance with the terms and conditions established by the Committee at grant. 
 (f) Accelerated Vesting . Based on service, performance and or such other factors or criteria, if any, as the Committee may determine, the Committee may, at or after grant, accelerate the vesting of all or any part of any Performance Award. 
 Section 11. Other Stock-Based and Cash Based Awards. 
 (a) The Committee is authorized, subject to limitations under applicable law and the rules of the TSX, to grant to Participants such other Awards that may be denominated or payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, or related to, Shares or factors that may influence the value of Shares, including, without limitation, convertible or exchangeable debt securities, other rights convertible or exchangeable into Shares, purchase rights for Shares, Awards with value and payment contingent upon performance of the Company or business units thereof, Shares awarded purely as a bonus and not subject to restrictions or conditions, equity interests in any entity with respect to which the Company holds, directly or indirectly, a controlling interest, whether such entity is a corporation, partnership or other entity, or any other factors designated by the Committee. The Committee shall determine the terms and conditions of such Awards. Shares delivered pursuant to an Award in the nature of a purchase right granted under this Section 11 shall be purchased for such consideration, paid for at such times, by such methods, and in such forms, including, without limitation, cash, Shares, other Awards, notes, or other property, as the Committee shall determine. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee in an Award Agreement, the recipient of an Award under this Section 11 shall not be entitled to receive, currently or on a deferred basis, dividends or Dividend Equivalents in respect of the number of Shares covered by the Award. In all cases, such dividends or Dividend Equivalents would not become payable until the expiration of any applicable performance period. An Other Stock-Based Award that is in the form of a grant of an equity interest in any entity with respect to which the Company holds, directly or indirectly, a controlling interest, may be granted in exchange for, replacement of, or substitution for an Award previously granted under the Plan (or any predecessor plan) or Substitute Award provided, that, if such Award or Substitute Award is a stock option or a stock appreciation right, then the Other Stock-Based Award granted in exchange, replacement, or substitution thereof, may not have the economic effect of reducing the exercise price or term of such Award or Substitute Award. 
 (b) The Committee may from time to time grant Cash-Based Awards to Participants in such amounts, on such terms and conditions, and for such consideration, including no consideration or such minimum consideration as may be required by applicable law, as it shall determine in its sole discretion. Cash-Based Awards may be granted subject to the satisfaction of vesting conditions or may be awarded purely as a bonus and not subject to restrictions or conditions, and if subject to vesting conditions, the Committee may accelerate the 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

 vesting of such Awards at any time in its sole discretion. The grant of a Cash-Based Award shall not require a segregation of any of the Company s assets for satisfaction of the Company s payment obligation thereunder. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, when an Award with an exercise price is granted under the Plan and the exercise of the Award by the Participant may result in the issuance of Shares to the Participant, the exercise price (taking into account any conversion, exchange or other substitutions) of the Award may not be less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant of the Award. 
 Section 12. Effect of Termination of Service on Awards. The Committee may provide, by rule or regulation or in any Award Agreement, or may determine in any individual case, the circumstances in which Awards shall be exercised, vested, paid or forfeited in the event a Participant ceases to provide Service to the Company or any Affiliate prior to the end of a performance period or exercise or settlement of such Award. 
 Section 13. Change in Control Provisions. In the event of a Change in Control, and except as otherwise provided by the Committee in an Award Agreement, a Participant s unvested Award shall be treated in accordance with one of the following methods as determined by the Committee 
 (a) Awards, whether or not then vested, shall be continued, assumed, have new rights substituted therefor or be treated in accordance with Section 5(d) hereof, as determined by the Committee, and restrictions to which shares of Restricted Stock or any other Award granted prior to the Change in Control are subject shall not lapse upon a Change in Control and the Restricted Stock or other Award shall, where appropriate in the sole discretion of the Committee, receive the same distribution as other Shares on such terms as determined by the Committee provided that the Committee may decide to award additional Restricted Stock or other Awards in lieu of any cash distribution. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, for purposes of Incentive Stock Options, any assumed or substituted Option shall comply with the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.424-1 (and any amendment thereto). 
 (b) The Committee, in its sole discretion, may provide for the purchase of any Awards by the Company or an Affiliate for an amount of cash (either on a current basis or, to the extent such right does not subject the Award to the excise tax under Section 409A of the Code, a deferred basis) equal to the excess of the Change in Control Price (as defined below) of the Shares covered by such Awards, over the aggregate exercise price of such Awards. For purposes of this Section 13(b), Change in Control Price shall mean the highest price per Share paid in any transaction related to a Change in Control of the Company. 
 (c) If and to the extent that the approach chosen by the Committee results in an acceleration or potential acceleration of the exercisability, vesting or settlement of any Award, the Committee may impose such conditions upon the exercise, vesting and or settlement of the Award (including without limitation a requirement that some or all of the proceeds from the accelerated portion of the Award be held in escrow and or remain subject to risks of forfeiture or other conditions) as it shall determine provided that those risks of forfeiture or other conditions are not in the good faith judgment of the Committee more restrictive than those under the original terms of the Award Agreement and do not result in any violation of Section 409A of the Code. The Committee shall give written notice of any proposed transaction referred to in this Section 13(c) at a reasonable period of time prior to the closing date for such transaction (which notice may be given either before or after the approval of such transaction), in order that Participants may have a reasonable period of time prior to the closing date of such transaction within which to exercise any Awards that are then exercisable (including any Awards that may become exercisable upon the closing date of such transaction). A Participant may condition his or her exercise of any Awards upon the consummation of the transaction. 
 Section 14. General Provisions Applicable to Awards. 
 (a) Awards may be granted for no cash consideration or for such minimal cash consideration as may be required by applicable law. 
 (b) Awards may, in the discretion of the Committee, be granted either alone or in addition to or in tandem with any other Award or any award granted under any other plan of the Company. Awards granted in addition to or in tandem with other Awards, or in addition to or in tandem with awards granted under any other plan of the Company, may be granted either at the same time as or at a different time from the grant of such other Awards or awards. 
 (c) Subject to the terms of the Plan, payments or transfers to be made by the Company upon the grant, exercise or payment of an Award may be made in the form of cash, Shares, other securities or other Awards, or any combination thereof, as determined by the Committee in its discretion, and may be made in a single payment or transfer, in installments, or on a deferred basis, in each case in accordance with rules and procedures established by the Committee and in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. Such rules and procedures may include, without limitation, provisions for the payment or crediting of reasonable interest (or no 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

 interest) on installment or deferred payments or the grant or crediting of dividend equivalents in respect of installment or deferred payments. 
 (d) Except as may be permitted by the Committee or as specifically provided in an Award Agreement, (i) no Award or other benefit payable under the Plan shall, except as otherwise specifically provided by law or permitted by the Committee, be Transferable in any manner other than by will or the law of descent, and any attempt to Transfer any such benefit shall be void, and any such benefit shall not in any manner be liable for or subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements or torts of any person who shall be entitled to such benefit, nor shall it be subject to attachment or legal process for or against such person, and (ii) each Award, and each right under any Award, shall be exercisable during the Participant s lifetime only by the Participant or, if permissible under applicable law, by the Participant s guardian or legal representative. The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to any Award which has been fully exercised, earned or paid, as the case may be, and shall not preclude forfeiture of an Award in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 (e) A Participant may designate a Beneficiary or change a previous beneficiary designation at such times prescribed by the Committee by using forms and following procedures approved or accepted by the Committee for that purpose. If no Beneficiary designated by the Participant is eligible to receive payments or other benefits or exercise rights that are available under the Plan at the Participant s death, the Beneficiary shall be the Participant s estate. 
 (f) All certificates for Shares and or Shares or other securities delivered under the Plan pursuant to any Award or the exercise thereof shall be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the Plan or the rules, regulations, and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock exchange upon which such Shares or other securities are then listed, and any applicable Federal or state securities laws, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put on any such certificates to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. 
 (g) The Committee may impose restrictions on any Award with respect to non-competition, confidentiality and other restrictive covenants, as it deems necessary in its sole discretion and or for the clawing back of any rights or benefits under any Awards as a result of any breaches of any of the foregoing covenants and or for any reasons specified in the Award Agreement or in any employment or other agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, and or for clawing back any rights or benefits under any Awards to the extent provided under any Company policies (including without limitation any policies adopted or amended to comply with applicable securities or other laws or stock exchange requirements, whether those policies were adopted or amended before or after the date on which the Award was granted). 
 
 (h) Any Award granted pursuant to the Plan on or after January 1, 2017 will be subject to mandatory repayment or forfeiture, as applicable, by the Participant to the Company to the extent the Participant is, or in the future becomes, subject to (1) any Company clawback or recoupment policy adopted by the Board or the Committee, or (2) any law, rule or regulation which imposes mandatory recoupment, under the circumstances set forth in any such law, rule or regulation. 
 In addition, the Committee may reserve the right in an Award Agreement to cause a forfeiture of the gain realized by a Participant with respect to an award on account of actions taken by, or failed to be taken by, such Participant in violation or breach of, or in conflict with, any employment agreement, non-competition agreement, agreement prohibiting solicitation of employees or clients of the Company or any affiliate, confidentiality obligation with respect to the Company or any affiliate, Company policy or procedure (including the Company s Code of Business Ethics and Conduct for Non-Restaurant Employees, Code of Ethics for Executive Officers and Insider Trading Policy), other agreement, or any other obligation of such Participant to the Company or any affiliate. The Committee may annul an outstanding Award if the Participant is terminated for Cause as defined in any applicable Award Agreement or as defined in any other agreement between the Company or such affiliate and such Participant, as applicable. 
 Section 15. Amendments and Termination. 
 (a) The Board may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or terminate the Plan and any outstanding Awards granted hereunder, in whole or in part, at any time without notice to or approval by the shareholders of the Company, for any purpose whatsoever, provided that all material amendments to the Plan shall require the prior approval of the shareholders of the Company and must comply with the rules of the TSX. Examples of the types of amendments that are not material that the Board is entitled to make without shareholder approval include, without limitation, the following 
 (i) ensuring continuing compliance with applicable law, the rules of the TSX or other applicable stock exchange rules and regulations or accounting or tax rules and regulations 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

 (ii) amendments of a housekeeping nature, which include amendments to correct any defect, supply any omission, or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award Agreement in the manner and to the extent it shall deem desirable to carry the Plan into effect 
 (iii) changing the vesting provision of the Plan or any Award (subject to the limitations for Awards subject to Section 10(b)) 
 (iv) waiving any conditions or rights under any Award (subject to the limitations for Awards subject to Section 10(b)) 
 (v) changing the termination provisions of any Award that does not entail an extension beyond the original expiration date thereof 
 (vi) adding a cashless exercise feature payable in securities, where such feature provides for a full deduction of the number of underlying securities from the Plan reserve, and any amendment to a cashless exercise provision 
 (vii) adding a form of financial assistance and any amendment to a financial assistance provision which is adopted 
 (viii) changing the process by which a Participant who wishes to exercise his or her Award can do so, including the required form of payment for the Shares being purchased, the form of written notice of exercise provided to the Company and the place where such payments and notices must be delivered and 
 (ix) delegating any or all of the powers of the Committee to administer the Plan to officers of the Company. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, no amendment to the Plan requiring the approval of the shareholders of the Company under any applicable securities laws or requirements shall become effective until such approval is obtained. In addition to the foregoing, the approval of the holders of a majority of the Shares present and voting in person or by proxy at a meeting of shareholders shall be required for 
 (i) an increase in the maximum number of Shares that may be made the subject of Awards under the Plan 
 (ii) any adjustment (other than in connection with a stock dividend, recapitalization or other transaction where an adjustment is permitted or required under Section 5(d)(i) or Section 5(d)(ii)) or amendment that reduces or would have the effect of reducing the exercise price of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right previously granted under the Plan, whether through amendment, cancellation or replacement grants, or other means (provided that, in such a case, insiders of the Company who benefit from such amendment are not eligible to vote their Shares in respect of the approval) 
 (iii) an increase in the limits on Awards that may be granted to any Participant under Section 5(c) and Section 5(g) 
 (iv) an extension of the term of an outstanding Option or Stock Appreciation Right beyond the expiry date thereof 
 (v) permitting Options granted under the Plan to be Transferrable other than for normal estate settlement purposes and 
 (vi) any amendment to the plan amendment provisions set forth in this Section 15 which is not an amendment within the nature of Section 15(a)(i) or Section 15(a)(ii), unless the change results from application of Section 5(d)(i) or Section 5(d)(ii). 
 Furthermore, except as otherwise permitted under the Plan, no change to an outstanding Award that will adversely impair the rights of a Participant may be made without the consent of the Participant except to the extent that such change is required to comply with applicable law, stock exchange rules and regulations or accounting or tax rules and regulations. 
 Section 16. Miscellaneous. 
 (a) The Plan is intended to constitute an unfunded plan for incentive and deferred compensation. With respect to any payment as to which a Participant has a fixed and vested interest but which are not yet made to a Participant by the Company, nothing contained herein shall give any such Participant any right that is greater than those of a general unsecured creditor of the Company. 
 (b) No employee, Participant or other person shall have any claim to be granted any Award under the Plan, and there is no obligation for uniformity of treatment of employees, Participants, or holders or beneficiaries of Awards under the Plan. The terms and conditions of Awards need not be the same with respect to 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

 each recipient. Any Award granted under the Plan shall be a one-time Award which does not constitute a promise of future grants. The Company, in its sole discretion, maintains the right to make available future grants hereunder. 
 (c) The Company shall have the right to deduct from any payment to be made pursuant to the Plan, or to otherwise require, prior to the issuance or delivery of Shares or the payment of any cash hereunder, payment by the Participant of, any federal, state or local taxes required by law to be withheld. Upon the vesting of Restricted Stock (or other Award that is taxable upon vesting), or upon making an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, a Participant shall pay all required withholding to the Company. Any statutorily required withholding obligation with regard to any Participant may be satisfied, subject to the consent of the Committee, by reducing the number of Shares otherwise deliverable or by delivering Shares already owned. Any fraction of a Share required to satisfy such tax obligations shall be disregarded and the amount due shall be paid instead in cash by the Participant. 
 (d) Nothing contained in the Plan shall prevent the Company from adopting or continuing in effect other or additional compensation arrangements, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases. 
 (e) The grant of an Award shall not be construed as giving a Participant the right to be retained in the employ of, or to continue to provide services to, the Company or any Affiliate. Further, the Company or the applicable Affiliate may at any time dismiss a Participant, free from any liability, or any claim under the Plan, unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan or in any Award Agreement or in any other agreement binding the parties. The receipt of any Award under the Plan is not intended to confer any rights on the receiving Participant except as set forth in such Award. 
 (f) If any provision of the Plan or any Award is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, or as to any person or Award, or would disqualify the Plan or any Award under any law deemed applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable laws, or if it cannot be so construed or deemed amended without, in the determination of the Committee, materially altering the intent of the Plan or the Award, such provision shall be stricken as to such jurisdiction, person or Award, and the remainder of the Plan and any such Award shall remain in full force and effect. 
 (g) Neither the Plan nor any Award shall create or be construed to create a trust or separate fund of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between the Company and a Participant or any other person. To the extent that any person acquires a right to receive payments from the Company pursuant to an Award, such right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company. 
 (h) No fractional Shares shall be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Award, and the Committee shall determine whether cash or other securities shall be paid or transferred in lieu of any fractional Shares, or whether such fractional Shares or any rights thereto shall be canceled, terminated or otherwise eliminated. 
 (i) No Award or other benefit payable under the Plan shall, except as otherwise specifically provided by law or permitted by the Committee, be Transferable in any manner, and any attempt to Transfer any such benefit shall be void, and any such benefit shall not in any manner be liable for or subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities, engagements or torts of any person who shall be entitled to such benefit, nor shall it be subject to attachment or legal process for or against such person. 
 (j) Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, as long as the Shares are listed on a national securities exchange including the TSX or system sponsored by a national securities association, the issuance of Shares pursuant to an Award shall be conditioned upon such shares being listed on such exchange or system. The Company shall have no obligation to issue such Shares unless and until such Shares are so listed, and the right to exercise any Option or other Award with respect to such Shares shall be suspended until such listing has been effected. If at any time counsel to the Company shall be of the opinion that any sale or delivery of Shares pursuant to an Option or other Award is or may in the circumstances be unlawful or result in the imposition of excise taxes on the Company under the statutes, rules or regulations of any applicable jurisdiction, the Company shall have no obligation to make such sale or delivery, or to make any application or to effect or to maintain any qualification or registration under the Securities Act or otherwise, with respect to Shares or Awards, and the right to exercise any Option or other Award shall be suspended until, in the opinion of said counsel, such sale or delivery shall be lawful or will not result in the imposition of excise taxes on the Company. A Participant shall be required to supply the Company with certificates, representations and information that the Company requests and otherwise cooperate with the Company in obtaining any listing, registration, qualification, exemption, consent or approval the Company deems necessary or appropriate. 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

 (k) No Award granted or paid out under the Plan shall be deemed compensation for purposes of computing benefits under any retirement plan of the Company or its Affiliates nor affect any benefit under any other benefit plan now or subsequently in effect under which the availability or amount of benefits is related to the level of compensation. The provisions of Awards need not be the same with respect to each Participant, and such Awards to individual Participants need not be the same in subsequent years. 
 (l) All elections and transactions under the Plan by persons subject to Section 16 of the Act involving Shares are intended to comply with any applicable exemptive condition under Rule 16b-3. The Committee may establish and adopt written administrative guidelines, designed to facilitate compliance with Section 16(b) of the Act, as it may deem necessary or proper for the administration and operation of the Plan and the transaction of business thereunder. 
 (m) The Plan shall be binding on all successors and permitted assigns of a Participant, including, without limitation, the estate of such Participant and the executor, administrator or trustee of such estate. Any benefit payable to or for the benefit of a minor, an incompetent person or other person incapable of receipt thereof shall be deemed paid when paid to such person s guardian or to the party providing or reasonably appearing to provide for the care of such person, and such payment shall fully discharge the Committee, the Board, the Company, its Affiliates and their employees, agents and representatives with respect thereto. 
 Section 17. Effective Date of the Plan. The Plan shall be effective as of the Effective Date, which is the date of adoption by the Board, subject to the approval of the Plan by the shareholders of the Company in accordance with the requirements of the laws of the Province of Ontario. 
 Section 18. Term of the Plan. No Award shall be granted under the Plan after ten years from the Effective Date. However, unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan or in an applicable Award Agreement, any Award theretofore granted may extend beyond such date, and the authority of the Committee to amend, alter, adjust, suspend, discontinue, or terminate any such Award, or to waive any conditions or rights under any such Award, and the authority of the Board to amend the Plan, shall extend beyond such date. 
 Section 19. Section 409A of the Code. 
 (a) The Plan is intended to comply with the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and shall be limited, construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. To the extent that any Award is subject to Section 409A of the Code, it shall be paid in a manner that will comply with Section 409A of the Code, including proposed, temporary or final regulations or any other guidance issued by the Secretary of the Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service with respect thereto. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any provision in the Plan that is inconsistent with Section 409A of the Code shall be deemed to be amended to comply with Section 409A of the Code and to the extent such provision cannot be amended to comply therewith, such provision shall be null and void. The Company shall have no liability to a Participant, or any other party, if an Award that is intended to be exempt from, or compliant with, Section 409A of the Code is not so exempt or compliant or for any action taken by the Committee or the Company and, in the event that any amount or benefit under the Plan becomes subject to penalties under Section 409A of the Code, responsibility for payment of such penalties shall rest solely with the affected Participants and not with the Company. Notwithstanding any contrary provision in the Plan or Award Agreement, any payment(s) of nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) that are otherwise required to be made under the Plan to a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A of the Code) as a result of such employee s separation from service (other than a payment that is not subject to Section 409A of the Code) shall be delayed for the first six (6) months following such separation from service (or, if earlier, the date of death of the specified employee) and shall instead be paid (in a manner set forth in the Award Agreement) upon expiration of such delay period. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company does not make any representation to any Participant or Beneficiary as to the tax consequences of any Awards made pursuant to this Plan, and the Company shall have no liability or other obligation to indemnify or hold harmless the Participant or any Beneficiary for any tax, additional tax, interest or penalties that the Participant or any Beneficiary may incur as a result of the grant, vesting, exercise or settlement of an Award under this Plan. 
 Section 20. Governing Law Waiver of Jury Trial. This Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable in the Province of Ontario. Any suit, action or proceeding with respect to the Plan or any Award Agreement, or any judgment entered by any court of competent jurisdiction in respect of any thereof, shall be resolved only in the courts of the Province of Ontario. In that context, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company and each Participant shall irrevocably and unconditionally (a) submit in any proceeding relating to the Plan or any Award Agreement, or for the recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof (a Proceeding ), to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario, and agree that all claims in respect of any such Proceeding shall be heard and determined in such Ontario court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

 court, (b) consent that any such Proceeding may and shall be brought in such courts and waives any objection that the Company and each Participant may now or thereafter have to the venue or jurisdiction of any such Proceeding in any such court or that such Proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agree not to plead or claim the same, (c) waive all right to trial by jury in any Proceeding (whether based on contract, tort or otherwise) arising out of or relating to the Plan or any Award Agreement, (d) agree that service of process in any such Proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy of such process by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to such party, in the case of a Participant, at the Participant s address shown in the books and records of the Company or, in the case of the Company, at the Company s principal offices, attention General Counsel, and (e) agree that nothing in the Plan shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by the laws of the Province of Ontario. 
 Section 21. TSX Requirements. 
 The number of Shares issuable to Insiders, at any time, under all Security Based Compensation Arrangements of the Company, may not exceed 10 of the Company s issued and outstanding Shares and the number of Shares issued to Insiders within any one-year period, under all Security Based Compensation Arrangements of the Company, may not exceed 10 of the Company s issued and outstanding Shares. For the purpose of this Section 21, Insider shall mean, (i) every director or senior officer of the Company (ii) every director or senior officer of a company that is itself an insider or subsidiary of the Company (iii) any person or company who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, voting securities of the Company or who exercises control or direction over voting securities of the Company or a combination of both carrying more than 10 of the voting rights attached to all voting securities of the Company for the time being outstanding other than voting securities held by the person or company as underwriter in the course of a distribution (iv) any associate or affiliate of the Insider and (v) the Company where it has purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired any of its securities, for so long as it holds any of its securities, and Security Based Compensation Arrangement shall mean any (i) any stock option plans for the benefit of employees, insiders, service providers or any one of such groups (ii) individual stock options granted to employees, service providers or insiders if not granted pursuant to a plan previously approved by the Company s securityholders (iii) share purchase plans where the Company provides financial assistance or where the Company matches the whole or a portion of the securities being purchased (iv) stock appreciation rights involving issuances of securities from treasury (v) any other compensation or incentive mechanism involving the issuance or potential issuances of securities of the Company and (vi) security purchases from treasury by an employee, insider or service provider which is financially assisted by the Company by any means whatsoever. 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

 EXHIBIT A 
 PERFORMANCE GOALS 
 To the extent permitted under Section 162(m) of the Code, performance goals established for purposes of Awards granted pursuant to a written binding contract in effect on November 2, 2017 intended to be performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, shall be based on the attainment of certain target levels of, or a specified increase or decrease (as applicable) in one or more of the following performance goals, which may include performance relative to the Company s peers or those of the Company s Affiliates or to the industry or industries in which the Company and or its affiliates operates 
 earnings per share 
 net earnings 
 operating income 
 gross income 
 net income (before or after taxes) 
 cash flow (including free cash flow, operating cash flow and cash flow return on investment) 
 gross profit 
 profit before taxes 
 operating profit 
 gross profit return on investment 
 gross margin return on investment 
 gross margin 
 operating margin 
 working capital 
 earnings before interest and taxes 
 earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization 
 net income before depreciation and amortization, interest expense, net, loss on early extinguishment of debt, and income tax expense, and excluding the impact of share-based compensation, other operating income (expense), net, and any other identified costs associated with non-recurring projects 
 earnings ratios 
 return on equity 
 return on assets 
 return on capital 
 return on invested capital 
 net revenues 
 gross revenues 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

 revenue growth 
 annual recurring revenues 
 recurring revenues 
 license revenues 
 sales or market share 
 total shareholder return 
 economic value added 
 customers or customer growth 
 number of restaurants or restaurant growth 
 restaurant traffic 
 inventory turnover 
 receivable turnover 
 financial return ratios 
 customer satisfaction surveys 
 productivity 
 specified objectives with regard to limiting the level of increase in all or a portion of the Company s bank debt or that of any of its Affiliates or other long-term or short-term public or private debt or other similar financial obligations of the Company or any of its Affiliates, which may be calculated net of cash balances and or other offsets and adjustments as may be established by the Committee in its sole discretion 
 the fair market value of a Share 
 Share price (including, but not limited to, growth in Share price) 
 the growth in the value of an investment in the Share assuming the reinvestment of dividends 
 reduction in operating and or other expenses 
 Restaurant cleanliness and or other operational, safety and or quality metrics measured by the Company or any of its Affiliates 
 Restaurant image or remodeling or 
 Product innovation or menu. 
 With respect to Awards that are intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code and all Awards granted after November 2, 2017, to the extent permitted under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, also exclude, or adjust to reflect, the impact of an event or occurrence, or of any item, reflected in Section 10(b)(iii) of the Plan that the Committee determines should be appropriately excluded or adjusted. 
 Performance goals may also be based upon individual participant performance goals, as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. In addition, Awards that are not intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code may be based on the performance goals set forth herein or on such other performance goals as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 

EXHIBIT 10.36 

 In addition, such performance goals may be based upon the attainment of specified levels of Company (or subsidiary, other Affiliate, division, other operational unit, administrative department or product category of the Company or any of its Affiliates) performance under one or more of the measures described above relative to the performance of other corporations. With respect to Awards that are intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, to the extent permitted under Section 162(m) of the Code, but only to the extent permitted under Section 162(m) of the Code (including, without limitation, compliance with any requirements for stockholder approval), the Committee may also 
 (a) designate additional business criteria on which the performance goals may be based or 
 (b) adjust, modify or amend the aforementioned business criteria. 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-10.36(G)>
 3
 exhibit1036g-psuawardagree.htm
 EX-10.36(G)

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2014 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Unless defined in this Performance Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ), capitalized terms will have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Restaurant Brands International Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ). 
 Pursuant to the terms and conditions of Sections 8 and 10 of the Plan, you have been granted a Performance Award (the Award on the following terms and subject to the provisions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Performance Award Restricted Stock Units (the Performance Units with respect to Shares if the Performance Target for the Performance Period is achieved, 50 of that number of Shares if the Threshold Performance level is achieved and up to 150 of that number of shares is at least the Maximum level is achieved, 
 Grant Date February 22, 2023 
 By accepting this Award of Performance Units and agreeing to this Award Agreement, you and the Company agree that this Award of Performance Units is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the terms and conditions set forth in the attached Exhibit A, and the additional terms and conditions for employees outside the U.S. set forth in Exhibits B and C. Exhibits A, B, and C constitute part of this Award Agreement. 
 PARTICIPANT RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 ____________________________ 
 
 By ______________________________ 
 Name Name Jill Granat Title General Counsel 

A-1 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 EXHIBIT A 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PERFORMANCE AWARD 
 Definitions 
 For purposes of this Award Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 Cause means (i) a material breach by you of any of your obligations under any written employment agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliates, (ii) a material violation by you of any of the policies, procedures, rules and regulations of the Company or any of its Affiliates applicable to employees or other service providers generally or to employees or other service providers at your payband (iii) the failure by you to reasonably and substantially perform your duties to the Company or its Affiliates (other than as a result of physical or mental illness or injury) (iv) your willful misconduct or gross negligence that has caused or is reasonably expected to result in material injury to the business, reputation or prospects of the Company or any of its Affiliates (v) your fraud or misappropriation of funds or (vi) the commission by you of a felony or other serious crime involving moral turpitude provided that if you are a party to an employment agreement at the time of termination of your Service and such employment agreement contains a different definition of cause (or any derivation thereof), the definition in such employment agreement will control for purposes of this Award Agreement. 
 If you are terminated Without Cause and, within the twelve (12) month period subsequent to such termination of your Service, the Company determines that your Service could have been terminated for Cause, subject to anything to the contrary that may be contained in your employment agreement at the time of termination of your Service, your Service will, at the election of the Company, be deemed to have been terminated for Cause, effective as of the date the events giving rise to Cause occurred. 
 Closing Stock Price means the closing quotation on the New York Stock Exchange for the applicable date (or an applicable substitute exchange system determined by the Committee if the Company s common shares are no longer traded on the NYSE). 
 Disability means (i) a physical or mental condition entitling you to benefits under the long-term disability policy of the company covering you or (ii) in the absence of any such policy, a physical or mental condition rendering you unable to perform your duties for the Company or any Affiliate for a period of six (6) consecutive months or longer provided that if you are a party to an employment agreement at the time of termination of your Service and such employment agreement contains a different definition of disability (or any derivation thereof), the definition in such employment agreement will control for purposes of this Award Agreement. 
 Earned Performance Units has the meaning set forth in the Section below entitled Determination of Number of Earned Performance Units . 
 Percentage Earned has the meaning set forth on Schedule 1 hereto. 
 Performance Period means the period set forth in Schedule 1 unless earlier terminated due to an Acquisition Event. 
 
 A-2 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 Performance Target means the TSR Percentile that results in a Percentage Earned of 100 TSR as stated on Schedule 1. 
 Performance Units means the restricted stock units granted pursuant to this Award. 
 Retirement means a termination of Service by you on or after the later of (i) your 55 th birthday and (ii) your completion of five years of Service with the Company and or one of its Affiliates. 
 Target Units means the number of Performance Units with respect to the number of Shares reflected in this Agreement that you could receive if the Performance Target level is achieved for the Performance Period. The number of Target Units is set forth on the cover page of this Award Agreement. 
 TSR means the appreciation of the per share common stock price of the respective entity for the Performance Period including the impact of dividends paid on one share of the common stock of such entity during the Performance Period, assuming reinvestment of such dividends in such stock (based on the Closing Stock Price of such stock on the ex-dividend date). The appreciation shall be calculated based on (i) the sum of (A) the ending price (equaling the average VWAP for the last month of the Performance Period) plus (B) reinvested dividend amounts, divided by (ii) the initial price (equaling the Closing Stock Price on the trading day immediately prior to the first day of the Performance Period) and then subtracting the number one as follows 
 Average last month price + reinvested dividends 1 Initial price 
 TSR Percentile Ranking means the percentage that is determined by dividing (a) the number of entities in the Standard & Poor s 500 Index (the S&P 500 at the beginning of the Performance Period that had a TSR for the Performance Period less than the Company s TSR for the Performance Period, by (b) the total number of entities in the S&P 500 at the beginning of the Performance Period provided, however, (i) any entity that is not trading during the last month of the Performance Period due to being acquired or going private shall be excluded from the calculation and (ii) any entity that is not trading during the last month of the Performance Period due to bankruptcy, insolvency, delisting from the applicable exchange or, at the discretion of the Committee, the acquisition of the entity as the result of financial distress, will be deemed to have a TSR at the bottom of the TSR Percentile Ranking calculation. 
 Vesting Date means February 22, 2026 or such earlier vesting date as may be provided in this Award Agreement. 
 VWAP means the volume weighted average price on the New York Stock Exchange (or such other applicable exchange) for the applicable date. 
 Without Cause means a termination of your Service by your employer (the Employer other than any such termination by your Employer for Cause or due to your death or Disability provided that if you are a party to an employment agreement at the time of termination of your Service and such employment agreement contains a different definition of without cause (or any derivation thereof), the definition in such employment agreement will control for purposes of this Award Agreement. 

A-3 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 Vesting . 
 The Earned Performance Units will vest on the Vesting Date and will settle in accordance with the section below entitled, Settlement of Earned Performance Units , subject to the Percentage Earned being not less than 50 and subject to your continued Service through the Vesting Date and to the Sections below entitled Determination of Number of Earned Performance Units and Termination below. 
 No Payment for Shares . 
 No payment is required for Performance Units or any Shares that you may receive under this Award. 
 Nature of Award . 
 
 This Award represents the opportunity to receive the number of Shares equal to the Earned Performance Units earned as provided for below under Determination of Number of Earned Performance Units, subject to the section above entitled Vesting and to the sections below entitled Settlement of Earned Performance Units and Termination . 
 
 Determination of Number of Earned Performance Units . 
 
 The number of Performance Units earned at the end of the Performance Period, if any, (the Earned Performance Units will be based on the Percentage Earned, as set forth on Schedule 1. 
 
 Settlement of Earned Performance Units . 
 The Company shall deliver to you that number of Shares, or at the discretion of the Committee, the cash value equal to the aggregate number of Earned Performance Units for the Performance Period, if any, as determined in accordance with the section entitled Determination of Number of Earned Performance Units above, on or as soon as practicable (but no later than 60 days) after the Vesting Date, subject to the section entitled Termination below. For the avoidance of doubt, if you are subject to taxation in Canada on employment income, all payments shall be made no later than December 31 st of the third year following the year in which services were rendered giving rise to the Performance Units. Performance Units may be settled in Shares or cash at the discretion of the Committee and you will have no rights of a shareholder with respect to the Shares until such Shares have been delivered to you. 
 Adjustment for Certain Events . 
 If and to the extent that it would not cause a violation of Section 409A of the Code or other applicable law, if any Corporate Event described in Section 5(d)(ii) of the Plan shall occur, the Committee shall make an adjustment as described in such Section 5(d)(ii) in such manner as the Committee may, in its sole discretion, deem appropriate and equitable to prevent substantial dilution or enlargement of the rights provided under this Award. 
 
 A-4 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 Acquisition Event 
 In the event of an Acquisition Event, the Committee shall determine the Performance Level achieved in accordance with Schedule 1 except that the Performance Period shall be deemed to have ended on the last day prior to the Acquisition Event. 
 Termination . 
 Upon termination of your Service (other than as set forth below) prior to the Vesting Date, you will forfeit all of your Performance Units (including your Earned Performance Units) without any consideration due to you. For the purposes of the Plan and this Award Agreement, your Service will not be deemed to be terminated in the event that you transfer employment from the Company to any Affiliate or from an Affiliate to the Company or another Affiliate, as the case may be. 
 If your Service terminates on or after February 22, 2025 but prior to the Vesting Date Without Cause or by reason of your Retirement, you shall be vested on the Vesting Date in the number of Earned Performance Units, as determined in accordance with the section entitled Number of Earned Performance Units above, as if the Earned Performance Units subject to this Award vested 67 on February 22, 2025, and you shall be entitled to receive a number of Shares, or at the discretion of the Committee the cash value equal to the number of vested Earned Performance Units in accordance with the section entitled Settlement of Performance Units . For example, if the number of Earned Performance Units (expressed as a percentage of Target Units) is 100 , and your Service terminates Without Cause or by reason of your Retirement on March 31, 2025, you would be entitled to receive 67 of the Target Units (or at the discretion of the Committee the cash value thereof) in settlement of your Earned Performance Units. For the avoidance of doubt, if your Service terminates prior to February 22, 2025 Without Cause or by reason of your Retirement, you will forfeit all of your Performance Units (including your Earned Performance Units) without any consideration due for you. 
 If your Service terminates prior to the Vesting Date by reason of death or Disability, you shall be vested in the number of Earned Performance Units, as if the Earned Performance Units subject to this Award vested 1 3 on each of February 22, 2024, February 22, 2025, and February 22, 2026, respectively, and you shall be entitled to receive a number of Shares, or at the discretion of the Committee the cash value equal to the number of vested Earned Performance Units in accordance with the section entitled Settlement of Earned Performance Units . Notwithstanding the foregoing, if your Service terminates on or before the last day of the Performance Period by reason of your death or Disability, then for purposes of determining the number of Shares (or at the discretion of the Committee the cash value) to be delivered to your Beneficiary or you, your Earned Performance Units shall be equal to the Target Units, based on the applicable vesting percentage in the preceding sentence. 
 In all other circumstances, your Service terminates on the day you receive written notice of termination or provide notice of resignation. For greater clarity, the date of termination of your Service will not be extended by any period of notice of termination of employment, payment in lieu of notice or severance mandated under local law, whether statutory, contractual or at common law e.g. , active employment would not include a period of garden leave or similar period pursuant to local law) regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of laws in the jurisdiction where you are rendering Service or the terms of your employment agreement, if any. The Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine the date of termination of your Service for purposes of this Award. 
 
 A-5 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 In the event that there is a conflict between the terms of this Award Agreement regarding the effect of a termination of your Service on this Award and the terms of any employment agreement, the terms of your employment agreement will govern. 
 Subject to any terms and conditions that the Committee may impose in accordance with Section 13 of the Plan, in the event that a Change in Control occurs and, within twelve (12) months following the date of such Change in Control, your Service is terminated by the Company Without Cause, your Earned Performance Units shall vest in full upon such termination. In such event, the number of your Earned Performance Units, and thus the number of Shares that you would be entitled to receive, shall be calculated in accordance with the sections entitled Determination of Number of Earned Performance Units , and Settlement of Earned Performance Units provided, however, that if the Change in Control occurs prior to the expiration of the Performance Period, then for purposes of determining the number of Shares (or at the discretion of the Committee the cash value) to be delivered to you by reason of your termination, your Earned Performance Units shall be equal to the Target Units. In the event that there is a conflict between the terms of this Award Agreement regarding the effect of a Change in Control on this Award and the terms of any Employment Agreement, the terms of this Award Agreement will govern. 
 In the event that any Earned Performance Units (or any Performance Units that are deemed to be Earned Performance Units) become vested pursuant to the foregoing provisions upon termination of your Service by reason of your death or Disability, settlement of such Earned Performance Units or deemed Earned Performance Units shall be made on or as soon as practicable (but no later than 60 days) after the date of such termination of your Service provided, however, that in the event of any such termination for a reason of your death, settlement shall be no later than 2 1 2 months after the last day of the year in which your death occurs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if your Performance Units constitute nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) that is subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and you are a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A of the Code), then if and to the extent required to comply with Section 409A of the Code, settlement shall be delayed for the first 6 months following your separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A), or if earlier the date of your death, and instead shall be made upon expiration of such delay period. 
 Taxes . 
 Regardless of any action the Company or your Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax, social security or insurance, government sponsored pension plan, unemployment insurance, fringe benefits tax, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including the grant, vesting or settlement of Performance Units, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends or Dividend Equivalents and (ii) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of this Award to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 If you are a U.S. taxpayer and you are or become eligible for Retirement prior to date on which your Award is settled, the value of your Award will be subject to FICA and Medicare taxes in the U.S. upon the earlier of (1) the last day of the Performance Period for which you have Earned Performance Units or (2) the date on which you first 
 
 A-6 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 become eligible for Retirement, rather than when the Units are settled. The Company may elect, however, pursuant to a rule of administrative convenience, to delay the date on which the FICA and Medicare taxes for Participants eligible for Retirement are determined and withheld until any later date that is within the same calendar year. 
 Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all withholding and payment on account obligations of the Company and or the Employer. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items legally payable by you from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company and or the Employer. Alternatively, or in addition, if permissible under local law, the Company may in its sole and absolute discretion (1) sell or arrange for the sale of Shares that you acquire to meet the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent), and or (2) withhold the amount of Shares necessary to satisfy the Tax-Related Items. 
 The Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering statutory withholding rates or other withholding rates, including maximum rates applicable in your jurisdiction. In the event of over-withholding, you may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the equivalent in Shares, or if not refunded, you may be able to seek a refund from the applicable tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, you may be required to pay additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authorities or to the Company and or Employer. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Performance Unit, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to deliver the Shares if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described in this section. 
 Dividend Equivalents . 
 During the Performance Period, you shall be credited with additional Performance Units (based on the Target Units) with respect to the number of Shares having a Fair Market Value as of the applicable dividend payment date equal to the value of any dividends or other distributions that would have been distributed to you if each of the Shares represented by a Performance Unit instead was an issued and outstanding Share owned by you Dividend Equivalents ). After the expiration of the Performance Period, the Target Units and the relevant accrued number of Dividend Equivalents shall be collectively adjusted based on the Percentage Earned and rounded to six decimal places. Thereafter, for the remainder of the term of this Award Agreement, you shall be credited with Dividend Equivalents based on the number of Earned Performance Units. The additional Performance Units credited to you as Dividend Equivalents shall be subject to the same terms and conditions under this Award Agreement as the Performance Units to which they relate, and shall vest and be earned and settled (rounded down to the nearest whole number) in the same manner and at the same times as Performance Units to which they relate, as determined by the Committee. Each Dividend Equivalent shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 A-7 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 No Guarantee of Continued Service . 
 You acknowledge and agree that the vesting of this Award on the Vesting Date is earned only by performing continuing Service (not through the act of being hired or being granted this Award). You further acknowledge and agree that this Award Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the Vesting Date shall not be construed as giving you the right to be retained in the employ of, or to continue to provide services to, the Company or any Affiliate. Further, the Company or the applicable Affiliate may at any time dismiss you, free from any liability, or any claim under the Plan, unless otherwise expressly provided in any other agreement binding you, the Company or the applicable Affiliate. The receipt of this Award is not intended to confer any rights on you except as set forth in this Award Agreement. 
 Termination for Cause Restrictive Covenants . 
 In consideration for the grant of this Award and for other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is acknowledged by you, you agree as follows 
 Upon (i) a termination of your Service for Cause, (ii) a retroactive termination of your Service for Cause as permitted herein or under your employment agreement, or (iii) a violation of any post-termination restrictive covenant (including, without limitation, non-disclosure, non-competition and or non-solicitation) contained in your employment agreement, or any separation or termination or similar agreement you may enter into with the Company or one of its Affiliates in connection with termination of your Service, any Award you hold shall be immediately forfeited and the Company may require that you repay (with interest or appreciation (if any), as applicable, determined up to the date payment is made), and you shall promptly repay to the Company, the Fair Market Value (in cash or in Shares) of any Shares received upon the settlement of Performance Units during the period beginning on the date that is one year before the date of your termination and ending on the first anniversary of the date of your termination. The Fair Market Value of any such Shares shall be determined as of the date on which the Performance Units were settled. 
 Company s Right of Offset . 
 If you become entitled to a distribution of benefits under this Award, and if at such time you have any outstanding debt, obligation, or other liability representing an amount owing to the Company or any of its Affiliates, then the Company or its Affiliates, upon a determination by the Committee, and to the extent permitted by applicable law and not causing a violation of Section 409A of the Code, may offset such amount so owing against the amount of benefits otherwise distributable. Such determination shall be made by the Committee. 
 Acknowledgment of Nature of Award . 
 In accepting the grant of this Award, you acknowledge that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, and it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, as provided in the Plan 
 (b) the grant of this Award is voluntary, occasional and discretionary and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future awards of Performance Units, or 
 
 A-8 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 benefits in lieu of Performance Units even if Performance Units have been awarded in the past, whether or not repeatedly 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) your participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 (e) this Award and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculation of any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments 
 (f) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (g) if you receive Shares, the value of such Shares acquired upon settlement may increase or decrease in value and 
 (h) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages arises from termination of this Award, and no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from any diminution in value of the Performance Units or Shares received upon settlement of Performance Units resulting from termination of your Service and you irrevocably release the Company, the Employer and their respective Affiliates from any such claim that may arise. 
 Securities Laws . 
 By accepting this Award, you acknowledge that Canadian or other applicable securities laws, including, without limitation, U.S. securities laws, and or the Company s policies regarding trading in its securities may limit or restrict your right to buy or sell Shares, including, without limitation, sales of Shares acquired in connection with this Award. You agree to comply with all Canadian and any other applicable securities law requirements, including, without limitation, any U.S. securities law requirements, and Company policies, as such laws and policies are amended from time to time. 
 Data Privacy Notice and Consent. 
 You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Award Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and its other Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 You understand that the Company, the Employer and or other Affiliates may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance or social security number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Performance Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 
 A-9 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 You understand that Data will be transferred to Solium Capital or such other third party assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in Canada, the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipient s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that, if you reside in the European Economic Area, you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that, if you reside in the European Economic Area, you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. You understand that refusal or withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or Service with the Employer will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Performance Units or other awards or administer or maintain such awards. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 Upon request of the Company or the Employer, you agree to provide a separate executed data privacy consent form (or any other agreements or consents that may be required by the Company and or the Employer) that the Company and or the Employer may deem necessary to obtain from you for the purpose of administering your participation in the Plan in compliance with the data privacy laws in your country, either now or in the future. You understand and agree that you will not be able to participate in the Plan if you fail to provide any such consent or agreement requested by the Company and or the Employer. 
 Limits on Transferability Beneficiaries . 
 This Award shall not be pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered or subject to any lien, obligation or liability to any party, or Transferred, otherwise than by your will or the laws of descent and distribution or to a Beneficiary upon your death, except that this Award may be Transferred to one or more Beneficiaries or other Transferees during your lifetime with the consent of the Committee. A Beneficiary, Transferee, or other person claiming any rights under this Award Agreement shall be subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, except as otherwise determined by the Committee, and to any additional terms and conditions deemed necessary or appropriate by the Committee. 
 No Transfer to any executor or administrator of your estate or to any Beneficiary by will or the laws of descent and distribution of any rights in respect of this Award shall be effective to bind the Company unless the Committee shall have been furnished with (i) written notice thereof and with a copy of the will and or such evidence as the Committee may deem necessary to establish the validity of the Transfer and (ii) the written agreement of the Transferee to comply with all the terms and conditions applicable to this Award and any Shares received upon settlement of Performance Units that are or would have been applicable to you. 
 
 A-10 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 Section 409A Compliance . 
 Neither the Plan nor this Award Agreement is intended to provide for a deferral of compensation that would subject the Performance Units to taxation prior to the issuance of Shares as a result of Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, or this Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Award Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without your consent, to comply with Section 409A of the Code or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A of the Code prior to the actual payment of Shares pursuant to this Award. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company does not make any representation to you that the Performance Units awarded pursuant to this Agreement are exempt from, or satisfy, the requirements of Section 409A, and the Company shall have no liability or other obligation to indemnify or hold harmless you or any Beneficiary for any tax, additional tax, interest or penalties that you or any Beneficiary may incur in the event that any provision of this Agreement, or any amendment or modification thereof or any other action taken with respect thereto, is deemed to violate any of the requirements of Section 409A. 
 Entire Agreement Governing Law Jurisdiction Waiver of Jury Trial . 
 The Plan, this Award Agreement and, to the extent applicable, your employment agreement or any separation agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings, representations and agreements (whether oral or written) of the Company and you with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Award Agreement may not be modified in a manner that adversely affects your rights heretofore granted under the Plan, except with your consent or to comply with applicable law or to the extent permitted under other provisions of the Plan. This Award Agreement is governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, without regard to its principles of conflict of laws. 
 ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST THE PARTIES RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS AWARD OR THE AWARD AGREEMENT MAY BE BROUGHT EXCLUSIVELY IN THE COURTS OF THE PROVINCE OF ONTARIO, AND YOU IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. ANY ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS TO ENFORCE A JUDGMENT ISSUED BY ONE OF THE FOREGOING COURTS MAY BE ENFORCED IN ANY JURISDICTION. 
 TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW THAT CANNOT BE WAIVED, YOU HEREBY WAIVE, AND COVENANT THAT YOU WILL NOT ASSERT (WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE), ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY FORUM IN RESPECT OF ANY ISSUE, CLAIM OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THIS AWARD AGREEMENT OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE. 
 By signing this Award Agreement, you acknowledge the receipt of a copy of the Plan and represent that you understand the terms and conditions of the Plan, and hereby accept this Award subject to all provisions in this Award Agreement and in the Plan. You hereby agree to accept as final, conclusive and binding all decisions or 
 
 A-11 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Award Agreement. 
 Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . 
 The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to this Award or future awards that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 Agreement Severable . 
 In the event that any provision in this Award Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Award Agreement. 
 Language . 
 You acknowledge that you are proficient in the English language or have consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language, so as to allow you to understand the content of this Award Agreement and other Plan-related materials. If you have received this Award Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 Non-U.S. Terms and Conditions . 
 Notwithstanding any provision in this Award Agreement, if you work and or reside outside the U.S., this Award shall be subject to the additional terms and conditions set forth in Exhibits B and C, as applicable. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries or between countries included in Exhibits B or C, the additional terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Exhibits B and C constitute part of this Award Agreement. 
 
 Waiver . 
 You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Award Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Award Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Participant. 

A-12 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 Schedule 1 

Performance Period means the period beginning on January 1, 2023 and ending December 31, 2025. 
 
 The number of Performance Units that become Earned Units is determined based on the level of achievement during the Performance Period based on the TSR Percentile Ranking. 
 
 The Percentage Earned is determined as follows 
 
 Performance Level Percentage Earned 
 of Target) 
 85 th Percentile or more 
 150 50 th Percentile 
 100 25 th Percentile 
 50 25 th Percentile 
 0 
 
 Percentage Earned between listed Performance Levels will be based on linear interpolation to determine the Percentage Earned. 

A-13 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 EXHIBIT B 
 
 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2014 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
 PERFORMANCE AWARD AGREEMENT FOR PARTICIPANTS OUTSIDE THE U.S. 
 
 Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Exhibit B have the meanings set forth in the Restaurant Brands International Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan and or the Performance Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ). 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 This Exhibit B includes additional terms and conditions that govern this Award granted to you under the Plan if you reside and or work outside the U.S. and or in one of the countries listed below. If you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently residing and or working, transfer employment and or residency after this Award is granted or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Committee shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall apply to you. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 This Exhibit B also includes information regarding securities, exchange controls, tax and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of January 2023. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Exhibit B as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time you vest in this Award or sell Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of a particular result. Accordingly, you should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your situation. 
 
 Finally, if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently residing and or working, transfer employment and or residency after this Award is granted or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you. 

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PARTICIPANTS OUTSIDE THE U.S. 
 
 The following terms and conditions apply if you reside and or work outside of the U.S. and supplement the entire Award Agreement generally 

A-14 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 Entire Agreement . 
 
 The following provisions replace the first sentence of the Entire Agreement section of Exhibit A 
 
 The Plan and the Award Agreement, including this Exhibit B , constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings, representations and agreements (whether oral or written) of the Company and you with respect to the subject matter hereof. In no event will any aspect of this Award be determined in accordance with your employment agreement (or other Service contract). 
 
 Retirement . 
 
 Notwithstanding the favorable treatment that is potentially available upon a termination due to Retirement (as set forth in the Termination section of the Award Agreement), if the Company receives an opinion of counsel that there has been a legal judgment and or legal development in your jurisdiction that would likely result in this favorable treatment upon termination due to Retirement being deemed unlawful and or discriminatory, then the favorable Retirement treatment will not apply at the time your Service terminates and the Award will be forfeited if your Service ends before the Vesting Date for any reason other than as set forth in the Termination section of the Award Agreement. 
 
 Taxes . 
 
 The following provisions supplement the Taxes section of Exhibit A 
 
 You acknowledge that your liability for Tax-Related Items may exceed the amount withheld by the Company and or the Employer, if any. 
 
 If you have become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 
 Limits on Transferability Beneficiaries . 
 
 The following provision supplements the Limits on Transferability Beneficiaries section of Exhibit A 
 
 This Award may not be Transferred to a designated Beneficiary and may only be Transferred upon your death to your legal heirs in accordance with applicable laws of descent and distribution. In no case may this Award be Transferred to another individual during your lifetime. 
 
 Acknowledgement of Nature of Award . 
 
 The following provisions supplement the Acknowledgment of Nature of Award section of Exhibit A 
 
 You acknowledge the following with respect to this Award 
 
 (a) The Award and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 

A-15 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 (b) In no event should this Award or any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any other Affiliate 
 
 (c) Neither the Company, the Employer nor any other Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar or Canadian Dollar, as applicable, that may affect the value of this Award or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the settlement of this Award or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement 
 
 (d) Unless otherwise agreed with the Company, this Award and any Shares acquired upon the settlement of this Award, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service you may provide as a director of any Affiliate and 
 
 (e) Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, this Award and the benefits under the Plan evidenced by the Award Agreement do not create any entitlement to have this Award or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares. 
 
 No Advice Regarding Award . 
 
 The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. You should consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . 
 
 You acknowledge that, depending on your country or the designated broker s country, or the countr(ies) in which the Shares are listed, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or attempt to sell or otherwise dispose of the Shares, rights to Shares e.g. , this Award) or rights linked to the value of Shares, during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws or regulations in applicable jurisdictions, including the U.S. and your country). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before possessing inside information. Furthermore, you may be prohibited from (i) disclosing insider information to any third party, including fellow employees (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them to otherwise buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and you should speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 Exchange Control, Foreign Asset Account and or Tax Reporting . 
 
 Depending on the country to which laws you are subject, you may have certain foreign asset and or tax reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold the Shares acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends paid on the Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage 
 
 A-16 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 or bank account outside your country. You may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of participating in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to be compliant with such regulations, and you should speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 Imposition of Other Requirements . 
 
 The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on this Award and on any Shares acquired upon settlement of this Award, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 

A-17 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND NOTIFICATIONS FOR PARTICIPANTS OUTSIDE THE U.S. AND CANADA 
 
 BRAZIL 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgment . 
 The following provision supplements the Acknowledgment of Nature of Awards section of Exhibit A 
 In accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that (i) you are making an investment decision, (ii) the Shares will be issued to you only if the vesting conditions are met and any necessary services are rendered by you over the vesting period, and (iii) the value of the underlying Shares is not fixed and may increase or decrease in value over the vesting period without compensation to you. 
 Compliance with Law . 
 
 In accepting this Award, you agree to comply with applicable Brazilian laws, and to report and pay all Tax-Related Items associated with the vesting of this Award or the subsequent sale of Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Exchange Control Information . 
 If you are a resident or domiciled in Brazil, you will be required to submit an annual declaration of assets and rights held outside of Brazil to the Central Bank of Brazil if the aggregate value of such assets and rights is equal to or greater than USD 1,000,000. Quarterly reporting is required if such amount exceeds USD 100,000,000. Assets and rights that must be reported include Shares acquired under the Plan and may include the Award. 
 Tax on Financial Transactions (IOF) . 
 
 Payments to foreign countries and repatriation of funds into Brazil, and the conversion between BRL and USD associated with such fund transfers, may be subject to the Tax on Financial Transactions. It is your responsibility to comply with any applicable Tax on Financial Transactions arising from participation in the Plan. You should consult with your personal tax advisor for additional details. 
 
 MEXICO 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 Acknowledgement of the Award Agreement. 
 In accepting the Award, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan, have reviewed the Plan and the Award Agreement in their entirety and fully understand and accept all provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreement. You further acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the terms and conditions of the 
 
 A-18 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 Acknowledgment of Nature of Awards section of Exhibit A , in which the following is clearly described and established 
 a) That your participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right. 
 b) That the Plan and your participation in the Plan is offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis. 
 c) That your participation in the Plan is voluntary. 
 d) That the Company and Affiliates are not responsible for any decrease in the value of the Shares granted under the Plan. 
 Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgement . 
 By participating in the Plan, you expressly recognize that the Company, Restaurant Brands International, Inc., with registered offices at 130 King Street West, Suite 300, M5X 1E1, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan and that your participation in the Plan and acquisition of Shares do not constitute an employment relationship between you and the Company, since you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis. Based on the foregoing, you expressly recognize that the Plan and any benefits you may derive from participation in the Plan do not establish any rights between you and the Employer or any other Affiliate, and do not form part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by the Employer, and any modification of the Plan or its termination will not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the your employment. 
 You further understand that participation in the Plan is as a result of a unilateral and discretionary decision of the Company. Therefore, the Company reserves the absolute right to amend and or discontinue the your participation at any time without any liability to you. 
 Finally, you hereby declare that you do not reserve any action or right to bring any claim against the Company for any compensation or damages regarding any provision of the Plan or the benefits derived under the Plan, and you therefore grant a full and broad release to the Company, any Affiliate, its shareholders, officers, agents or legal representatives with respect to any claim that may arise. 
 Spanish Translation 
 Reconocimiento de la Pol tica . 
 Derivado de mi aceptaci n, reconozco que he recibido una copia del Plan, he revisado el mismo y el Convenio en su totalidad y comprendo y estoy de acuerdo con los todas las disposiciones tanto del Plan como del Convenio. Asimismo, reconozco que he le do y espec fica y expresamente manifiesto mi conformidad con los t rminos y condiciones del Reconocimiento de la secci n Naturaleza del Otorgamiento del Anexo A en el cual se establece claramente que 
 a) Mi participaci n en el Plan de ninguna manera constituye un derecho adquirido. 
 b) Que el Plan y mi participaci n en el mismo es una oferta por parte de la Compa a de forma completamente discrecional. 
 
 A-19 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 c) Que mi participaci n en el Plan es voluntaria. 
 d) Que la Compa a y sus Afiliados no son responsables de cualquier p rdida en el valor de las Acciones otorgadas mediante el Plan. 
 Pol tica de Legislaci n Laboral y Acuse de Recibo . 
 Al participar en el Plan, Ud. expresamente reconoce que la Compa a, Restaurant Brands International, Inc., con oficinas registradas en 130 King Street West, Suite 300, M5X 1E1, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, nicamente es responsable de la administraci n del Plan y que la participaci n suyo en el Plan y la adquisici n de Acciones no constituye una relaci n de trabajo entre Ud. y la Compa a, por causa que Ud. est participando en el Plan en una base enteramente comercial. Con base en lo anterior, Ud. expresamente reconoce que el Plan y cualquier prestaci n que pueda recibir de la participaci n en el Plan no establece derecho alguno entre Ud. y el Patr n, o cualquier otro Afiliado, y no forma parte de las condiciones de trabajo y o prestaciones provistas por el Patr n, y que cualquier modificaci n al Plan o la terminaci n del mismo no constituir n un cambio o deterioro de las condiciones de su trabajo. 
 A su vez, Ud. comprende que la participaci n en el Plan se da como resultado de una decisi n unilateral y discrecional de la Compa a. Por lo que la Compa a se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar y o discontinuar su participaci n en cualquier momento y sin ninguna responsabilidad hacia Ud. 
 Finalmente, Ud. en este acto declara que no se reserva ninguna acci n o derecho para intentar reclamaci n alguna en contra de la Compa a por cualquier compensaci n o da os relacionada con cualquier provisi n del Plan o de los beneficios derivados del mismo, por lo que Ud. otorga el m s amplio y completo finiquito a la Compa a, sus Afiliados, sus accionistas, directivos, agentes o representantes legales en relaci n a cualquier reclamaci n que pueda presentarse. 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 The Performance Units and the Shares offered under the Plan have not been registered with the National Register of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. In addition, the Plan, the Award Agreement and any other document relating to the Performance Units may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. These materials are addressed to you only because of your existing relationship with the Company or an Affiliate and these materials should not be reproduced or copied in any form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities but rather constitutes a private placement of securities addressed specifically to individuals who are present employees of an Affiliate in Mexico made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law, and any rights under such offering shall not be assigned or transferred. 
 
 A-20 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 SINGAPORE 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 Sale of Shares . 
 
 Any sale or offer of Shares shall be made pursuant to one or more exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chap. 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ), or pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 
 The grant of this Award is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the SFA and is not made with a view to this Award or underlying Shares being subsequently offered for sale to any other party. The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
 
 Director Notification Requirement . 
 
 If you are a director, associate director or shadow director of the Company s Singapore Affiliate, you are subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Singapore Affiliate in writing when you receive an interest e.g. , this Award, Shares) in the Company or Affiliate. In addition, you must notify the Singapore Affiliate when you sell Shares (including when you sell Shares issued upon settlement of this Award). These notifications must be made within two business days of acquiring or disposing of any interest in the Company or any Affiliate. In addition, a notification of your interests in the Company or Affiliate must be made within two business days of becoming a director. 
 
 SWITZERLAND 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the offer of this Award (i) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates, or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved by or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 of FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority e.g. , the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority). 
 
 URUGUAY 
 TERMS & CONDITIONS 
 
 Data Privacy Notice and Consent . 
 
 The following provision supplements the Data Privacy Notice and Consent section of Exhibit A 

A-21 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 You understand that Data will be collected by the Employer and will be transferred to the Company at 130 King Street, Suite 300, Toronto, Ontario M5X 1E1 Canada and or 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, FL 33126 USA, and or any financial institutions or brokers involved in the management and administration of the Plan. You further understand that any of these entities may store Data for purposes of administering your participation in the Plan. 

A-22 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 EXHIBIT C 
 
 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2014 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO THE 
 PERFORMANCE AWARD AGREEMENT FOR PARTICIPANTS IN CANADA 
 
 Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Exhibit C have the meanings set forth in the Restaurant Brands International Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan and or the Performance Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ). 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 This Exhibit C includes additional terms and conditions that govern this Award granted to you under the Plan if you reside and or work in Canada. If you are a citizen or resident of a country other than Canada, transfer employment and or residency after this Award is granted or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Committee shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall apply to you. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 This Exhibit C also includes information regarding securities, exchange controls, tax and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, and other laws in effect in Canada as of January 2023. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Exhibit C as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the Performance Units subject to this Award vest and settle or you sell Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of a particular result. Accordingly, you should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in Canada may apply to your situation. 
 
 Finally, if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than Canada, transfer employment and or residency after this Award is granted or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you. 

A-23 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 Termination. 
 
 The following provision supplements the Termination section of Exhibit A 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment standards legislation explicitly requires continued vesting during a statutory notice period, your right to vest in the Award under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the last day of your minimum statutory notice period, but you will not be entitled to any pro-rated vesting if the Vesting Date falls after the end of your minimum statutory notice period, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost ability to vesting in the Award. 
 Taxes . 
 
 The following provisions replace the third paragraph under the Taxes section of Exhibit A 
 
 Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all withholding and payment on account obligations of the Company and or the Employer. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items legally payable by you from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company and or the Employer. Alternatively, or in addition, if permissible under local law, the Company may in its sole and absolute discretion (1) sell or arrange for the sale of Shares that you acquire to meet the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent), and or (2) withhold the amount of Shares necessary to satisfy the Tax-Withholding Items. 
 The following provisions regarding language consent and data privacy will apply if you are a resident of Quebec 
 
 Language Consent . 
 
 The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Award Agreement, as well as all addenda, documents, notices, and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 
 Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de cette Convention, ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s et proc dures judiciaries intent es, directement ou indirectement, relativement ou suite la pr sente convention. 
 
 Data Privacy Notice and Consent . 
 
 The following provision supplements the Data Privacy Notice and Consent section of Exhibit A 
 
 You hereby authorize the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or non-professional, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan for purposes that relate to the administration of the Plan. You further authorize the Company, its Affiliates and the Committee to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. You acknowledge and agree that your personal information, including any sensitive personal information, may be transferred or disclosed outside of the province of Quebec, including to the U.S. You 
 
 A-24 

EXHIBIT 10.36(g) 

 further authorize the Employer, the Company, and any other Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. If applicable, you also acknowledge and authorize the Company, the Employer, and any other Affiliate involved in the administration of the Plan to use technology for profiling purposes and to make automated decisions that may have an impact on you or the administration of the Plan. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 
 You are permitted to sell Shares acquired under the Plan through the designated broker, if any, provided the sale of the Shares acquired under the Plan takes place through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the Shares are listed i.e. , the New York Stock Exchange or the Toronto Stock Exchange), subject to applicable laws and Company policies. 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . 
 
 You must report annually on Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) any foreign specified property you hold (including any Shares acquired under the Plan, if held outside Canada), if the total value of such foreign specified property exceeds C 100,000 at any time during the year. The unvested portion of this Award also must be reported (generally at nil cost) on Form 1135 if the C 100,000 threshold is exceeded due to other foreign specified property you hold. If Shares are acquired, the cost generally is their adjusted cost base (the ACB ). The ACB would normally equal the Fair Market Value of the Shares at the time of acquisition, but if you own other Shares, the ACB may have to be averaged with the ACB of the other Shares. The form must be filed with your annual tax return by April 30 of the following year. You should consult with a personal advisor to ensure you comply with the applicable reporting obligation. 

A-25 

</EX-10.36(G)>

<EX-10.36(H)>
 4
 exhibit1036h-psuawardagree.htm
 EX-10.36(H)

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2014 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Unless defined in this Performance Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ), capitalized terms will have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Restaurant Brands International Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ). 
 Pursuant to the terms and conditions of Sections 8 and 10 of the Plan, you have been granted a Performance Award (the Award on the following terms and subject to the provisions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Performance Award Restricted Stock Units (the Performance Units with respect to 300,000 Shares as adjusted up or down to reflect the extent to which the Performance Target is achieved, 
 Grant Date February 22, 2023 
 By accepting this Award of Performance Units and agreeing to this Award Agreement, you and the Company agree that this Award of Performance Units is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the terms and conditions set forth in the attached Exhibit A, and the additional terms and conditions for employees outside the U.S. set forth in Exhibits B and C. Exhibits A, B, and C constitute part of this Award Agreement. 
 PARTICIPANT RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 ____________________________ 
 
 By ______________________________ 
 Name Joshua Kobza Name Jill Granat Title General Counsel 

A-1 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 EXHIBIT A 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PERFORMANCE AWARD 
 Definitions 
 For purposes of this Award Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 Achievement Price means the Ending Price plus the dollar value as of the payment date of all dividends paid, declared or distributed from the Grant Date through the Ending Date, without regard to form. 
 Additional Measurement Period means the period beginning on May 21, 2027 and ending on May 21, 2028. 
 Cause means (i) a material breach by you of any of your obligations under any written employment agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliates, (ii) a material violation by you of any of the policies, procedures, rules and regulations of the Company or any of its Affiliates applicable to employees or other service providers generally or to employees or other service providers at your payband (iii) the failure by you to reasonably and substantially perform your duties to the Company or its Affiliates (other than as a result of physical or mental illness or injury) (iv) your willful misconduct or gross negligence that has caused or is reasonably expected to result in material injury to the business, reputation or prospects of the Company or any of its Affiliates (v) your fraud or misappropriation of funds or (vi) the commission by you of a felony or other serious crime involving moral turpitude provided that if you are a party to an employment agreement at the time of termination of your Service and such employment agreement contains a different definition of cause (or any derivation thereof), the definition in such employment agreement will control for purposes of this Award Agreement. 
 If you are terminated Without Cause and, within the twelve (12) month period subsequent to such termination of your Service, the Company determines that your Service could have been terminated for Cause, subject to anything to the contrary that may be contained in your employment agreement at the time of termination of your Service, your Service will, at the election of the Company, be deemed to have been terminated for Cause, effective as of the date the events giving rise to Cause occurred. 
 Disability means (i) a physical or mental condition entitling you to benefits under the long-term disability policy of the company covering you or (ii) in the absence of any such policy, a physical or mental condition rendering you unable to perform your duties for the Company or any Affiliate for a period of six (6) consecutive months or longer provided that if you are a party to an employment agreement at the time of termination of your Service and such employment agreement contains a different definition of disability (or any derivation thereof), the definition in such employment agreement will control for purposes of this Award Agreement. 
 Earned Performance Units has the meaning set forth in the Section below entitled Determination of Number of Earned Performance Units . 
 Ending Date means the last day of the period used to calculate the Ending Price. 
 
 A-2 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 Ending Price means the highest average VWAP for any consecutive thirty (30) trading day period during Initial Measurement Period or Additional Measurement Period, as applicable. 
 Initial Measurement Period means the period beginning on May 21, 2025 and ending on May 21, 2028. 
 Measurement Period means the Initial Measurement Period or Additional Measurement Period, as applicable. 
 Percentage Earned has the meaning set forth on Schedule 1 hereto. 
 Performance Period means the period beginning on Grant Date and ending on May 21, 2028, unless earlier terminated due to an Acquisition Event or otherwise in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement. 
 Performance Target means the applicable target Performance Level for the Achievement Price stated on Schedule 1. 
 Performance Units means the restricted stock units granted pursuant to this Award. 
 Target Units means the number of Performance Units with respect to the number of Shares reflected in this Agreement that you could receive if the Performance Target level is achieved for the Performance Period at the Target level of performance (as specified on Schedule 1 hereto). The number of Target Units is set forth on the cover page of this Award Agreement. 
 Vesting Date means May 21, 2028 or such earlier vesting date as may be provided in this Award Agreement. 
 VWAP means the volume weighted average price per share on the New York Stock Exchange as displayed under the heading Bloomberg VWAP on the Bloomberg L.P. Screen for Shares in respect of the period 9 30 am to 4 00 pm (Eastern Time) for the applicable dates. 
 Without Cause means a termination of your Service by your employer (the Employer other than any such termination by your Employer for Cause or due to your death or Disability provided that if you are a party to an employment agreement at the time of termination of your Service and such employment agreement contains a different definition of without cause (or any derivation thereof), the definition in such employment agreement will control for purposes of this Award Agreement. 
 
 Vesting . 
 The Earned Performance Units will vest and settle in accordance with the section below entitled, Settlement of Earned Performance Units , subject to the Performance Level being not less than the Threshold (as set forth on Schedule 1) and subject to your continued Service through the Vesting Date and to the Sections below entitled Determination of Number of Earned Performance Units and Termination below. 
 No Payment for Shares . 
 
 A-3 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 No payment is required for Performance Units or any Shares that you may receive under this Award. 
 Nature of Award . 
 
 This Award represents the opportunity to receive the number of Shares equal to the Earned Performance Units earned as provided for below under Determination of Number of Earned Performance Units, subject to the section above entitled Vesting and to the sections below entitled Settlement of Earned Performance Units and Termination . 
 
 Determination of Number of Earned Performance Units . 
 
 The number of Performance Units earned, if any, (the Earned Performance Units will be based on the Percentage Earned, as set forth on Schedule 1. 
 
 Settlement of Earned Performance Units . 
 The Company shall deliver to you that number of Shares, or at the discretion of the Committee, the cash value equal to the aggregate number of Earned Performance Units for the Performance Period, if any, as determined in accordance with the section entitled Determination of Number of Earned Performance Units above, on or as soon as practicable (but no later than 60 days) after the Vesting Date, subject to the section entitled Termination below. You will have no rights of a shareholder with respect to the Shares until such Shares have been delivered to you. 
 Adjustment for Certain Events . 
 If and to the extent that it would not cause a violation of Section 409A of the Code or other applicable law, if any Corporate Event described in Section 5(d)(ii) of the Plan shall occur, the Committee shall make an adjustment as described in such Section 5(d)(ii) in such manner as the Committee may, in its sole discretion, deem appropriate and equitable to prevent substantial dilution or enlargement of the rights provided under this Award. 
 Acquisition Event 
 In the event of an Acquisition Event, the Committee shall determine the Performance Level achieved in accordance with Schedule 1 except that the Performance Period shall be deemed to have ended on the last day prior to the Acquisition Event. 
 Termination . 
 Upon termination of your Service (other than as set forth below) prior to the Vesting Date, you will forfeit all of your Performance Units (including your Earned Performance Units) without any consideration due to you. For the purposes of the Plan and this Award Agreement, your Service will not be deemed to be terminated in the event that you transfer employment from the Company to any Affiliate or from an Affiliate to the Company or another Affiliate, as the case may be. 
 If your Service terminates on or after February 22, 2025 but prior to the Vesting Date Without Cause or by reason of your death or Disability, you shall be vested on the Vesting Date in the number of Earned Performance Units, as determined in accordance with the section entitled Determination of Number of Earned Performance Units above, 
 
 A-4 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 as if the Earned Performance Units subject to this Award vested 40 on February 22, 2025, an additional 20 on February 22, 2026, and additional 20 on February 22, 2027 and the final 20 on May 21, 2028, and you shall be entitled to receive on the Vesting Date a number of Shares, or at the discretion of the Committee the cash value equal to the number of vested Earned Performance Units in accordance with the section entitled Settlement of Performance Units . For example, if the number of Earned Performance Units (expressed as a percentage of Target Units) has been determined to be 100 , and your Service terminates Without Cause on March 31, 2026, you would be entitled to receive on or after the Vesting Date 60 of the Target Units (or at the discretion of the Committee the cash value thereof) in settlement of your Earned Performance Units. For the avoidance of doubt, if your Service terminates prior to February 21, 2025 for any reason, you will forfeit all of your Performance Units (including your Earned Performance Units) without any consideration due to you. 
 In all other circumstances, your Service terminates on the day you receive written notice of termination or provide notice of resignation. For greater clarity, the date of termination of your Service will not be extended by any period of notice of termination of employment, payment in lieu of notice or severance mandated under local law, whether statutory, contractual or at common law e.g. , active employment would not include a period of garden leave or similar period pursuant to local law) regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of laws in the jurisdiction where you are rendering Service or the terms of your employment agreement, if any. The Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine the date of termination of your Service for purposes of this Award. 
 In the event that there is a conflict between the terms of this Award Agreement regarding the effect of a termination of your Service on this Award and the terms of any employment agreement, the terms of your employment agreement will govern. 
 Subject to any terms and conditions that the Committee may impose in accordance with Section 13 of the Plan, in the event that a Change in Control occurs and, within twelve (12) months following the date of such Change in Control, your Service is terminated by the Company Without Cause, your Earned Performance Units shall vest in full upon such termination. In such event, the number of your Earned Performance Units, and thus the number of Shares that you would be entitled to receive, shall be calculated in accordance with the sections entitled Determination of Number of Earned Performance Units , and Settlement of Earned Performance Units provided, however, that if the Change in Control occurs prior to the expiration of the Measurement Period, then for purposes of determining the number of Shares (or at the discretion of the Committee the cash value) to be delivered to you by reason of your termination, your Earned Performance Units shall be equal to the greater of the Target Units or the Earned Performance Units or deemed Earned Performance Units based on the Performance Level achieved in accordance with Schedule 1 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, achievement of a Performance Level in excess of Target , without regard as to whether such achievement was achieved during the Additional Measurement Period), except that the Performance Period shall be deemed to have ended at the date of any such termination of your Service. In the event that there is a conflict between the terms of this Award Agreement regarding the effect of a Change in Control on this Award and the terms of any Employment Agreement, the terms of this Award Agreement will govern. 
 In the event that any Earned Performance Units (or any Performance Units that are deemed to be Earned Performance Units) become vested pursuant to the foregoing provisions upon termination of your Service Without Cause or by reason of your death or Disability, settlement of such Earned Performance Units or deemed Earned Performance 
 
 A-5 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 Units shall be made on or as soon as practicable (but no later than 60 days) after the end of the Performance Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if your Performance Units constitute nonqualified deferred compensation (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code) that is subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and you are a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A of the Code), then if and to the extent required to comply with Section 409A of the Code, settlement shall be delayed for the first 6 months following your separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A), or if earlier the date of your death, and instead shall be made upon expiration of such delay period. 
 Taxes . 
 Regardless of any action the Company or your Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax, social security or insurance, government sponsored pension plan, unemployment insurance, fringe benefits tax, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including the grant, vesting or settlement of Performance Units, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends or Dividend Equivalents and (ii) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of this Award to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all withholding and payment on account obligations of the Company and or the Employer. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items legally payable by you from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company and or the Employer. Alternatively, or in addition, if permissible under local law, the Company may in its sole and absolute discretion (1) sell or arrange for the sale of Shares that you acquire to meet the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent), and or (2) withhold the amount of Shares necessary to satisfy the Tax-Related Items. 
 The Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering statutory withholding rates or other withholding rates, including maximum rates applicable in your jurisdiction. In the event of over-withholding, you may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the equivalent in Shares, or if not refunded, you may be able to seek a refund from the applicable tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, you may be required to pay additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authorities or to the Company and or Employer. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Performance Unit, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to deliver the Shares if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described in this section. 
 
 A-6 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 Dividend Equivalents . 
 During the Performance Period, you shall be credited with additional Performance Units (based on the Target Units) with respect to the number of Shares having a Fair Market Value as of the applicable dividend payment date equal to the value of any dividends or other distributions that would have been distributed to you if each of the Shares represented by a Performance Unit instead was an issued and outstanding Share owned by you Dividend Equivalents ). After the expiration of the Performance Period, the Target Units and the relevant accrued number of Dividend Equivalents shall be collectively adjusted based on the Percentage Earned and rounded to six decimal places. Thereafter, for the remainder of the term of this Award Agreement, you shall be credited with Dividend Equivalents based on the number of Earned Performance Units. The additional Performance Units credited to you as Dividend Equivalents shall be subject to the same terms and conditions under this Award Agreement as the Performance Units to which they relate, and shall vest and be earned and settled (rounded down to the nearest whole number) in the same manner and at the same times as Performance Units to which they relate, as determined by the Committee. Each Dividend Equivalent shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
 No Guarantee of Continued Service . 
 You acknowledge and agree that the vesting of this Award on the Vesting Date is earned only by performing continuing Service (not through the act of being hired or being granted this Award). You further acknowledge and agree that this Award Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the Vesting Date shall not be construed as giving you the right to be retained in the employ of, or to continue to provide services to, the Company or any Affiliate. Further, the Company or the applicable Affiliate may at any time dismiss you, free from any liability, or any claim under the Plan, unless otherwise expressly provided in any other agreement binding you, the Company or the applicable Affiliate. The receipt of this Award is not intended to confer any rights on you except as set forth in this Award Agreement. 
 Termination for Cause Restrictive Covenants . 
 In consideration for the grant of this Award and for other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is acknowledged by you, you agree as follows 
 Upon (i) a termination of your Service for Cause, (ii) a retroactive termination of your Service for Cause as permitted herein or under your employment agreement, or (iii) a violation of any post-termination restrictive covenant (including, without limitation, non-disclosure, non-competition and or non-solicitation) contained in your employment agreement, or any separation or termination or similar agreement you may enter into with the Company or one of its Affiliates in connection with termination of your Service, any Award you hold shall be immediately forfeited and the Company may require that you repay (with interest or appreciation (if any), as applicable, determined up to the date payment is made), and you shall promptly repay to the Company, the Fair Market Value (in cash or in Shares) of any Shares received upon the settlement of Performance Units during the period beginning on the date that is one year before the date of your termination and ending on the first anniversary of the date of your termination. The Fair Market Value of any such Shares shall be determined as of the date on which the Performance Units were settled. 
 Company s Right of Offset . 
 
 A-7 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 If you become entitled to a distribution of benefits under this Award, and if at such time you have any outstanding debt, obligation, or other liability representing an amount owing to the Company or any of its Affiliates, then the Company or its Affiliates, upon a determination by the Committee, and to the extent permitted by applicable law and not causing a violation of Section 409A of the Code, may offset such amount so owing against the amount of benefits otherwise distributable. Such determination shall be made by the Committee. 
 Acknowledgment of Nature of Award . 
 In accepting the grant of this Award, you acknowledge that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, and it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, as provided in the Plan 
 (b) the grant of this Award is voluntary, occasional and discretionary and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future awards of Performance Units, or benefits in lieu of Performance Units even if Performance Units have been awarded in the past, whether or not repeatedly 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) your participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 (e) this Award and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculation of any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments 
 (f) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (g) if you receive Shares, the value of such Shares acquired upon settlement may increase or decrease in value and 
 (h) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages arises from termination of this Award, and no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from any diminution in value of the Performance Units or Shares received upon settlement of Performance Units resulting from termination of your Service and you irrevocably release the Company, the Employer and their respective Affiliates from any such claim that may arise. 
 Securities Laws . 
 By accepting this Award, you acknowledge that Canadian or other applicable securities laws, including, without limitation, U.S. securities laws, and or the Company s policies regarding trading in its securities may limit or restrict your right to buy or sell Shares, including, without limitation, sales of Shares acquired in connection with this Award. You agree to comply with all Canadian and any other applicable securities law requirements, including, without limitation, any U.S. securities law requirements, and Company policies, as such laws and policies are amended from time to time. 
 
 A-8 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 Data Privacy Notice and Consent. 
 You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Award Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and its other Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 You understand that the Company, the Employer and or other Affiliates may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance or social security number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Performance Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 You understand that Data will be transferred to Solium Capital or such other third party assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in Canada, the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipient s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that, if you reside in the European Economic Area, you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that, if you reside in the European Economic Area, you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. You understand that refusal or withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or Service with the Employer will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Performance Units or other awards or administer or maintain such awards. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 Upon request of the Company or the Employer, you agree to provide a separate executed data privacy consent form (or any other agreements or consents that may be required by the Company and or the Employer) that the Company and or the Employer may deem necessary to obtain from you for the purpose of administering your participation in the Plan in compliance with the data privacy laws in your country, either now or in the future. You understand and agree that you will not be able to participate in the Plan if you fail to provide any such consent or agreement requested by the Company and or the Employer. 
 
 A-9 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 Limits on Transferability Beneficiaries . 
 This Award shall not be pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered or subject to any lien, obligation or liability to any party, or Transferred, otherwise than by your will or the laws of descent and distribution or to a Beneficiary upon your death, except that this Award may be Transferred to one or more Beneficiaries or other Transferees during your lifetime with the consent of the Committee. A Beneficiary, Transferee, or other person claiming any rights under this Award Agreement shall be subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, except as otherwise determined by the Committee, and to any additional terms and conditions deemed necessary or appropriate by the Committee. 
 No Transfer to any executor or administrator of your estate or to any Beneficiary by will or the laws of descent and distribution of any rights in respect of this Award shall be effective to bind the Company unless the Committee shall have been furnished with (i) written notice thereof and with a copy of the will and or such evidence as the Committee may deem necessary to establish the validity of the Transfer and (ii) the written agreement of the Transferee to comply with all the terms and conditions applicable to this Award and any Shares received upon settlement of Performance Units that are or would have been applicable to you. 
 Section 409A Compliance . 
 Neither the Plan nor this Award Agreement is intended to provide for a deferral of compensation that would subject the Performance Units to taxation prior to the issuance of Shares as a result of Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, or this Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Award Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without your consent, to comply with Section 409A of the Code or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A of the Code prior to the actual payment of Shares pursuant to this Award. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company does not make any representation to you that the Performance Units awarded pursuant to this Agreement are exempt from, or satisfy, the requirements of Section 409A, and the Company shall have no liability or other obligation to indemnify or hold harmless you or any Beneficiary for any tax, additional tax, interest or penalties that you or any Beneficiary may incur in the event that any provision of this Agreement, or any amendment or modification thereof or any other action taken with respect thereto, is deemed to violate any of the requirements of Section 409A. 
 Entire Agreement Governing Law Jurisdiction Waiver of Jury Trial . 
 The Plan, this Award Agreement and, to the extent applicable, your employment agreement or any separation agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings, representations and agreements (whether oral or written) of the Company and you with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Award Agreement may not be modified in a manner that adversely affects your rights heretofore granted under the Plan, except with your consent or to comply with applicable law or to the extent permitted under other provisions of the Plan. This Award Agreement is governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, without regard to its principles of conflict of laws. 
 
 A-10 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST THE PARTIES RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS AWARD OR THE AWARD AGREEMENT MAY BE BROUGHT EXCLUSIVELY IN THE COURTS OF THE PROVINCE OF ONTARIO, AND YOU IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. ANY ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS TO ENFORCE A JUDGMENT ISSUED BY ONE OF THE FOREGOING COURTS MAY BE ENFORCED IN ANY JURISDICTION. 
 TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW THAT CANNOT BE WAIVED, YOU HEREBY WAIVE, AND COVENANT THAT YOU WILL NOT ASSERT (WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE), ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY FORUM IN RESPECT OF ANY ISSUE, CLAIM OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THIS AWARD AGREEMENT OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE. 
 By signing this Award Agreement, you acknowledge the receipt of a copy of the Plan and represent that you understand the terms and conditions of the Plan, and hereby accept this Award subject to all provisions in this Award Agreement and in the Plan. You hereby agree to accept as final, conclusive and binding all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Award Agreement. 
 Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . 
 The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to this Award or future awards that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 Agreement Severable . 
 In the event that any provision in this Award Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Award Agreement. 
 Language . 
 You acknowledge that you are proficient in the English language or have consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language, so as to allow you to understand the content of this Award Agreement and other Plan-related materials. If you have received this Award Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 Non-U.S. Terms and Conditions . 
 Notwithstanding any provision in this Award Agreement, if you work and or reside outside the U.S., this Award shall be subject to the additional terms and conditions set forth in Exhibits B and C, as applicable. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the 
 
 A-11 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 countries or between countries included in Exhibits B or C, the additional terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Exhibits B and C constitute part of this Award Agreement. 
 Waiver . 
 You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Award Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Award Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Participant. 

A-12 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 Schedule 1 

The number of Performance Units that become Earned Performance Units is determined based on the Company s Achievement Price, as follows 
 
 Performance Level Achievement Price Percentage Earned of Target Units) Below Threshold US 81.32 0 Threshold US 81.32 
 50 Target US 97.87 
 100 Maximum US 122.23 
 200 
 
 Achievement Price between listed Performance Levels will be based on linear interpolation to determine the Percentage Earned. The Percentage Earned shall be calculated rounded to six decimal places. Additionally, the Percentage Earned is subject to the Section of this Award Agreement entitled Termination. 

DETERMINATION OF EARNED PERFORMANCE UNITS 
 
 The number of Earned Performance Units equals the Percentage Earned based on the Achievement Price, multiplied by the number of Performance Units (including any Dividend Equivalents) provided that (i) if the Achievement Price equals or exceeds the Target Amount during the Initial Measurement Period, the number of Earned Performance Units will not be less than Target Amount, subject to the section of this Award Agreement entitled Termination , (ii) in order to earn greater than the Target Amount, the Achievement Price must exceed the Target Amount during the Additional Measurement Period, and (iii) if the Percentage Earned is less than 50 then the number of Earned Units will be zero. 

A-13 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 EXHIBIT B 
 
 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2014 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
 PERFORMANCE AWARD AGREEMENT FOR PARTICIPANTS OUTSIDE THE U.S. 
 
 Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Exhibit B have the meanings set forth in the Restaurant Brands International Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan and or the Performance Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ). 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 This Exhibit B includes additional terms and conditions that govern this Award granted to you under the Plan if you reside and or work outside the U.S. and or in one of the countries listed below. If you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently residing and or working, transfer employment and or residency after this Award is granted or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Committee shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall apply to you. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 This Exhibit B also includes information regarding securities, exchange controls, tax and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of January 2023. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Exhibit B as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time you vest in this Award or sell Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of a particular result. Accordingly, you should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your situation. 
 
 Finally, if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently residing and or working, transfer employment and or residency after this Award is granted or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you. 

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PARTICIPANTS OUTSIDE THE U.S. 
 
 The following terms and conditions apply if you reside and or work outside of the U.S. and supplement the entire Award Agreement generally 

A-14 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 Entire Agreement . 
 
 The following provisions replace the first sentence of the Entire Agreement section of Exhibit A 
 
 The Plan and the Award Agreement, including this Exhibit B , constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings, representations and agreements (whether oral or written) of the Company and you with respect to the subject matter hereof. In no event will any aspect of this Award be determined in accordance with your employment agreement (or other Service contract). 
 
 Taxes . 
 
 The following provisions supplement the Taxes section of Exhibit A 
 
 You acknowledge that your liability for Tax-Related Items may exceed the amount withheld by the Company and or the Employer, if any. 
 
 If you have become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 
 Limits on Transferability Beneficiaries . 
 
 The following provision supplements the Limits on Transferability Beneficiaries section of Exhibit A 
 
 This Award may not be Transferred to a designated Beneficiary and may only be Transferred upon your death to your legal heirs in accordance with applicable laws of descent and distribution. In no case may this Award be Transferred to another individual during your lifetime. 
 
 Acknowledgement of Nature of Award . 
 
 The following provisions supplement the Acknowledgment of Nature of Award section of Exhibit A 
 
 You acknowledge the following with respect to this Award 
 
 (a) The Award and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (b) In no event should this Award or any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any other Affiliate 
 
 (c) Neither the Company, the Employer nor any other Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar or Canadian Dollar, as applicable, that may affect the value of this Award or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the settlement of this Award or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement 

A-15 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 (d) Unless otherwise agreed with the Company, this Award and any Shares acquired upon the settlement of this Award, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service you may provide as a director of any Affiliate and 
 
 (e) Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, this Award and the benefits under the Plan evidenced by the Award Agreement do not create any entitlement to have this Award or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares. 
 
 No Advice Regarding Award . 
 
 The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. You should consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . 
 
 You acknowledge that, depending on your country or the designated broker s country, or the countr(ies) in which the Shares are listed, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or attempt to sell or otherwise dispose of the Shares, rights to Shares e.g. , this Award) or rights linked to the value of Shares, during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws or regulations in applicable jurisdictions, including the U.S. and your country). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before possessing inside information. Furthermore, you may be prohibited from (i) disclosing insider information to any third party, including fellow employees (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them to otherwise buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and you should speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 Exchange Control, Foreign Asset Account and or Tax Reporting . 
 
 Depending on the country to which laws you are subject, you may have certain foreign asset and or tax reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold the Shares acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends paid on the Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage or bank account outside your country. You may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of participating in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to be compliant with such regulations, and you should speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 Imposition of Other Requirements . 

A-16 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on this Award and on any Shares acquired upon settlement of this Award, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 

A-17 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND NOTIFICATIONS FOR PARTICIPANTS OUTSIDE THE U.S. AND CANADA 
 
 BRAZIL 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgment . 
 The following provision supplements the Acknowledgment of Nature of Awards section of Exhibit A 
 In accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that (i) you are making an investment decision, (ii) the Shares will be issued to you only if the vesting conditions are met and any necessary services are rendered by you over the vesting period, and (iii) the value of the underlying Shares is not fixed and may increase or decrease in value over the vesting period without compensation to you. 
 Compliance with Law . 
 
 In accepting this Award, you agree to comply with applicable Brazilian laws, and to report and pay all Tax-Related Items associated with the vesting of this Award or the subsequent sale of Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Exchange Control Information . 
 If you are a resident or domiciled in Brazil, you will be required to submit an annual declaration of assets and rights held outside of Brazil to the Central Bank of Brazil if the aggregate value of such assets and rights is equal to or greater than USD 1,000,000. Quarterly reporting is required if such amount exceeds USD 100,000,000. Assets and rights that must be reported include Shares acquired under the Plan and may include the Award. 
 Tax on Financial Transactions (IOF) . 
 
 Payments to foreign countries and repatriation of funds into Brazil, and the conversion between BRL and USD associated with such fund transfers, may be subject to the Tax on Financial Transactions. It is your responsibility to comply with any applicable Tax on Financial Transactions arising from participation in the Plan. You should consult with your personal tax advisor for additional details. 
 
 MEXICO 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 Acknowledgement of the Award Agreement. 
 In accepting the Award, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan, have reviewed the Plan and the Award Agreement in their entirety and fully understand and accept all provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreement. You further acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the terms and conditions of the 
 
 A-18 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 Acknowledgment of Nature of Awards section of Exhibit A , in which the following is clearly described and established 
 a) That your participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right. 
 b) That the Plan and your participation in the Plan is offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis. 
 c) That your participation in the Plan is voluntary. 
 d) That the Company and Affiliates are not responsible for any decrease in the value of the Shares granted under the Plan. 
 Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgement . 
 By participating in the Plan, you expressly recognize that the Company, Restaurant Brands International, Inc., with registered offices at 130 King Street West, Suite 300, M5X 1E1, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan and that your participation in the Plan and acquisition of Shares do not constitute an employment relationship between you and the Company, since you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis. Based on the foregoing, you expressly recognize that the Plan and any benefits you may derive from participation in the Plan do not establish any rights between you and the Employer or any other Affiliate, and do not form part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by the Employer, and any modification of the Plan or its termination will not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the your employment. 
 You further understand that participation in the Plan is as a result of a unilateral and discretionary decision of the Company. Therefore, the Company reserves the absolute right to amend and or discontinue the your participation at any time without any liability to you. 
 Finally, you hereby declare that you do not reserve any action or right to bring any claim against the Company for any compensation or damages regarding any provision of the Plan or the benefits derived under the Plan, and you therefore grant a full and broad release to the Company, any Affiliate, its shareholders, officers, agents or legal representatives with respect to any claim that may arise. 
 Spanish Translation 
 Reconocimiento de la Pol tica . 
 Derivado de mi aceptaci n, reconozco que he recibido una copia del Plan, he revisado el mismo y el Convenio en su totalidad y comprendo y estoy de acuerdo con los todas las disposiciones tanto del Plan como del Convenio. Asimismo, reconozco que he le do y espec fica y expresamente manifiesto mi conformidad con los t rminos y condiciones del Reconocimiento de la secci n Naturaleza del Otorgamiento del Anexo A en el cual se establece claramente que 
 a) Mi participaci n en el Plan de ninguna manera constituye un derecho adquirido. 
 b) Que el Plan y mi participaci n en el mismo es una oferta por parte de la Compa a de forma completamente discrecional. 
 
 A-19 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 c) Que mi participaci n en el Plan es voluntaria. 
 d) Que la Compa a y sus Afiliados no son responsables de cualquier p rdida en el valor de las Acciones otorgadas mediante el Plan. 
 Pol tica de Legislaci n Laboral y Acuse de Recibo . 
 Al participar en el Plan, Ud. expresamente reconoce que la Compa a, Restaurant Brands International, Inc., con oficinas registradas en 130 King Street West, Suite 300, M5X 1E1, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, nicamente es responsable de la administraci n del Plan y que la participaci n suyo en el Plan y la adquisici n de Acciones no constituye una relaci n de trabajo entre Ud. y la Compa a, por causa que Ud. est participando en el Plan en una base enteramente comercial. Con base en lo anterior, Ud. expresamente reconoce que el Plan y cualquier prestaci n que pueda recibir de la participaci n en el Plan no establece derecho alguno entre Ud. y el Patr n, o cualquier otro Afiliado, y no forma parte de las condiciones de trabajo y o prestaciones provistas por el Patr n, y que cualquier modificaci n al Plan o la terminaci n del mismo no constituir n un cambio o deterioro de las condiciones de su trabajo. 
 A su vez, Ud. comprende que la participaci n en el Plan se da como resultado de una decisi n unilateral y discrecional de la Compa a. Por lo que la Compa a se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar y o discontinuar su participaci n en cualquier momento y sin ninguna responsabilidad hacia Ud. 
 Finalmente, Ud. en este acto declara que no se reserva ninguna acci n o derecho para intentar reclamaci n alguna en contra de la Compa a por cualquier compensaci n o da os relacionada con cualquier provisi n del Plan o de los beneficios derivados del mismo, por lo que Ud. otorga el m s amplio y completo finiquito a la Compa a, sus Afiliados, sus accionistas, directivos, agentes o representantes legales en relaci n a cualquier reclamaci n que pueda presentarse. 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 The Performance Units and the Shares offered under the Plan have not been registered with the National Register of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. In addition, the Plan, the Award Agreement and any other document relating to the Performance Units may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. These materials are addressed to you only because of your existing relationship with the Company or an Affiliate and these materials should not be reproduced or copied in any form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities but rather constitutes a private placement of securities addressed specifically to individuals who are present employees of an Affiliate in Mexico made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law, and any rights under such offering shall not be assigned or transferred. 
 
 A-20 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 SINGAPORE 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 Sale of Shares . 
 
 Any sale or offer of Shares shall be made pursuant to one or more exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chap. 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ), or pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 
 The grant of this Award is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the SFA and is not made with a view to this Award or underlying Shares being subsequently offered for sale to any other party. The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
 
 Director Notification Requirement . 
 
 If you are a director, associate director or shadow director of the Company s Singapore Affiliate, you are subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Singapore Affiliate in writing when you receive an interest e.g. , this Award, Shares) in the Company or Affiliate. In addition, you must notify the Singapore Affiliate when you sell Shares (including when you sell Shares issued upon settlement of this Award). These notifications must be made within two business days of acquiring or disposing of any interest in the Company or any Affiliate. In addition, a notification of your interests in the Company or Affiliate must be made within two business days of becoming a director. 
 
 SWITZERLAND 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the offer of this Award (i) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates, or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved by or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 of FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority e.g. , the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority). 
 
 URUGUAY 
 TERMS & CONDITIONS 
 
 Data Privacy Notice and Consent . 
 
 The following provision supplements the Data Privacy Notice and Consent section of Exhibit A 

A-21 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 You understand that Data will be collected by the Employer and will be transferred to the Company at 130 King Street, Suite 300, Toronto, Ontario M5X 1E1 Canada and or 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, FL 33126 USA, and or any financial institutions or brokers involved in the management and administration of the Plan. You further understand that any of these entities may store Data for purposes of administering your participation in the Plan. 

A-22 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 EXHIBIT C 
 
 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2014 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO THE 
 PERFORMANCE AWARD AGREEMENT FOR PARTICIPANTS IN CANADA 
 
 Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Exhibit C have the meanings set forth in the Restaurant Brands International Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan and or the Performance Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ). 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 This Exhibit C includes additional terms and conditions that govern this Award granted to you under the Plan if you reside and or work in Canada. If you are a citizen or resident of a country other than Canada, transfer employment and or residency after this Award is granted or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Committee shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall apply to you. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 This Exhibit C also includes information regarding securities, exchange controls, tax and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, and other laws in effect in Canada as of January 2023. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Exhibit C as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the Performance Units subject to this Award vest and settle or you sell Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of a particular result. Accordingly, you should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in Canada may apply to your situation. 
 
 Finally, if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than Canada, transfer employment and or residency after this Award is granted or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you. 

A-23 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 Termination. 
 
 The following provision supplements the Termination section of Exhibit A 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment standards legislation explicitly requires continued vesting during a statutory notice period, your right to vest in the Award under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the last day of your minimum statutory notice period, but you will not be entitled to any pro-rated vesting if the Vesting Date falls after the end of your minimum statutory notice period, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost ability to vesting in the Award. 
 Taxes . 
 
 The following provisions replace the third paragraph under the Taxes section of Exhibit A 
 
 Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all withholding and payment on account obligations of the Company and or the Employer. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items legally payable by you from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company and or the Employer. Alternatively, or in addition, if permissible under local law, the Company may in its sole and absolute discretion (1) sell or arrange for the sale of Shares that you acquire to meet the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent), and or (2) withhold the amount of Shares necessary to satisfy the Tax-Withholding Items. 
 The following provisions regarding language consent and data privacy will apply if you are a resident of Quebec 
 
 Language Consent . 
 
 The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Award Agreement, as well as all addenda, documents, notices, and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 
 Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de cette Convention, ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s et proc dures judiciaries intent es, directement ou indirectement, relativement ou suite la pr sente convention. 
 
 Data Privacy Notice and Consent . 
 
 The following provision supplements the Data Privacy Notice and Consent section of Exhibit A 
 
 You hereby authorize the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or non-professional, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan for purposes that relate to the administration of the Plan. You further authorize the Company, its Affiliates and the Committee to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. You acknowledge and agree that your personal information, including any sensitive personal information, may be transferred or disclosed outside of the province of Quebec, including to the U.S. You 
 
 A-24 

EXHIBIT 10.36(h) 

 further authorize the Employer, the Company, and any other Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. If applicable, you also acknowledge and authorize the Company, the Employer, and any other Affiliate involved in the administration of the Plan to use technology for profiling purposes and to make automated decisions that may have an impact on you or the administration of the Plan. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 
 You are permitted to sell Shares acquired under the Plan through the designated broker, if any, provided the sale of the Shares acquired under the Plan takes place through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the Shares are listed i.e. , the New York Stock Exchange or the Toronto Stock Exchange), subject to applicable laws and Company policies. 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . 
 
 You must report annually on Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) any foreign specified property you hold (including any Shares acquired under the Plan, if held outside Canada), if the total value of such foreign specified property exceeds C 100,000 at any time during the year. The unvested portion of this Award also must be reported (generally at nil cost) on Form 1135 if the C 100,000 threshold is exceeded due to other foreign specified property you hold. If Shares are acquired, the cost generally is their adjusted cost base (the ACB ). The ACB would normally equal the Fair Market Value of the Shares at the time of acquisition, but if you own other Shares, the ACB may have to be averaged with the ACB of the other Shares. The form must be filed with your annual tax return by April 30 of the following year. You should consult with a personal advisor to ensure you comply with the applicable reporting obligation. 

A-25 

</EX-10.36(H)>

<EX-10.36(I)>
 5
 exhibit1036i-formmatchingr.htm
 EX-10.36(I)

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2014 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 MATCHING RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Unless defined in this Matching Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ), capitalized terms will have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Restaurant Brands International Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ). 
 Pursuant to Section 8 of the Plan, you have been granted Restricted Stock Units (the RSUs on the following terms and subject to the provisions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. The RSUs are granted in connection with your purchase of Shares in the Restaurant Brands International, Inc. (the Company 2022 Bonus Swap Program (the Related Shares ). In the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 
 Total Number of RSUs 
 Grant Date February 22, 2023 
 Vesting Dates 25 of the RSUs will vest on December 15 of each of 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026, in each case subject to your continued Service through each such Vesting Date and further subject to the Section entitled Termination in Exhibit A . 
 By accepting this Award of RSUs and agreeing to this Award Agreement, you and the Company agree that this Award of RSUs is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the terms and conditions set forth in the attached Exhibit A , the additional terms and conditions for employees outside the U.S. set forth in Exhibits B and C . Exhibits A , B and C constitute part of this Award Agreement. 
 
 PARTICIPANT RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 ____________________________ 
 
 By ______________________________ 
 Name Name Jill Granat Title General Counsel 

1 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 EXHIBIT A 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE MATCHING RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 No Payment for Shares . 
 No payment is required for any Shares that you may receive under this Award. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 Each RSU represents a right to receive one Share, or at the discretion of the Committee, the cash equivalent of one Share, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement. 
 
 Vesting . 
 The RSUs will vest on the Vesting Dates as set forth in this Award Agreement, subject to your continued Service through each Vesting Date and to the section below entitled Termination and Forfeiture of Unvested RSUs upon the Transfer of Related Shares For the avoidance of doubt, Service during only a portion of the vesting period, but where your Service is terminated prior to a Vesting Date, does not entitle you to pro-rata vesting of any RSUs. 
 Adjustment for Certain Events . 
 If and to the extent that it would not cause a violation of Section 409A of the Code or other applicable law, if any Corporate Event described in Section 5(d) of the Plan shall occur, the Committee shall make an adjustment as described in such Section 5(d) in such manner as the Committee may, in its sole discretion, deem appropriate and equitable to prevent substantial dilution or enlargement of the rights provided under this Award. 
 Termination . 
 Upon termination of your Service prior to any Vesting Date, you will forfeit all of your RSUs that are unvested at the time of termination without any consideration due to you. For the purposes of the Plan and this Award Agreement, your Service will not be deemed to be terminated in the event that you transfer employment from the Company to any Affiliate or from an Affiliate to the Company or another Affiliate, as the case may be. 
 Except in case of your death, your Service terminates on the day you receive written notice of termination or provide notice of resignation. For greater clarity, the date of termination of your Service will not be extended by any period of notice of termination of employment, payment in lieu of notice or severance mandated under local law, whether statutory, contractual or at common law e.g. , active employment would not include a period of garden leave or similar period pursuant to local law) regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of laws in the jurisdiction where you are rendering Service or the terms of your employment agreement, if any. The Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine the date of termination of your Service for purposes of this Award (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
 2 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 In the event that there is a conflict between the terms of this Award Agreement regarding the effect of a termination of your Service on this Award and the terms of any employment agreement, the terms of your employment agreement will govern. 
 Subject to any terms and conditions that the Committee may impose in accordance with Section 13 of the Plan, in the event that a Change in Control occurs and, within twelve (12) months following the date of such Change in Control, your Service is terminated by your employer (the Employer Without Cause (as defined herein), this Award shall vest in full upon such termination. In the event that there is a conflict between the terms of this Award Agreement regarding the effect of a Change in Control on this Award and the terms of any employment agreement, the terms of this Award Agreement will govern. 
 For purposes of this Award Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 Cause means (i) a material breach by you of any of your obligations under any written employment agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliates, (ii) a material violation by you of any of the policies, procedures, rules and regulations of the Company or any of its Affiliates applicable to employees or other service providers generally or to employees or other service providers at your payband (iii) the failure by you to reasonably and substantially perform your duties to the Company or its Affiliates (other than as a result of physical or mental illness or injury) (iv) your willful misconduct or gross negligence that has caused or is reasonably expected to result in material injury to the business, reputation or prospects of the Company or any of its Affiliates (v) your fraud or misappropriation of funds or (vi) the commission by you of a felony or other serious crime involving moral turpitude provided that if you are a party to an employment agreement at the time of termination of your Service and such employment agreement contains a different definition of cause (or any derivation thereof), the definition in such employment agreement will control for purposes of this Award Agreement. 
 If you are terminated Without Cause and, within the twelve (12) month period subsequent to such termination of your Service, the Company determines that your Service could have been terminated for Cause, subject to anything to the contrary that may be contained in your employment agreement at the time of termination of your Service, your Service will, at the election of the Company, be deemed to have been terminated for Cause, effective as of the date the events giving rise to Cause occurred. 
 Disability means (i) a physical or mental condition entitling you to benefits under the long-term disability policy of the company covering you or (ii) in the absence of any such policy, a physical or mental condition rendering you unable to perform your duties for the Company or any Affiliate for a period of six (6) consecutive months or longer provided that if you are a party to an employment agreement at the time of termination of your Service and such employment agreement contains a different definition of disability (or any derivation thereof), the definition in such employment agreement will control for purposes of this Award Agreement. 
 Vesting Date means December 15 of each of 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026, or such earlier vesting date as may be provided in this Award Agreement. 
 Without Cause means a termination of your Service by you for Good Reason, if you have an employment agreement that defines the term Good Reason, or by the Employer other than any such termination by the Employer for Cause or due to 
 3 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 your death or Disability provided that if you are a party to an employment agreement at the time of termination of your Service and such employment agreement contains a different definition of without cause (or any derivation thereof), the definition in such employment agreement will control for purposes of this Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a party to an employment agreement at the time of termination of your Service and such employment agreement provides that a termination of your Service by you for Good Reason constitutes termination of your Service Without Cause, such termination for Good Reason shall not constitute termination Without Cause for purposes of the acceleration of your RSUs following a Change in Control. 
 
 Forfeiture of Unvested RSUs upon the Transfer of Related Shares . 
 
 If you Transfer (other than pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution) any of the Related Shares or any Shares received upon vesting under this Award Agreement, net of Shares withheld or sold for Taxes Vested Shares before any Vesting Date, you will immediately forfeit all unvested RSUs that relate to this Award Agreement. 
 
 Settlement of RSUs . 
 
 The Company shall deliver to you (or your Beneficiary, if applicable) a number of Shares, or at the discretion of the Committee, the cash value equal to the number of RSUs that vest in accordance with this Award Agreement as soon as practicable (but in no event more than 60 days) following the applicable Vesting Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if you are subject to taxation in Canada on employment income, all payments shall be made no later than December 31 st of the third year following the year in which services were rendered giving rise to the RSUs. RSUs may be settled in Shares or cash at the discretion of the Committee and you will have no rights of a shareholder with respect to the RSUs until such Shares have been delivered to you. 
 
 Dividend Equivalents . 
 During the term of this Award Agreement, you shall be automatically granted additional RSUs with respect to a number of Shares (rounded to six decimal places) having a Fair Market Value as of the applicable dividend payment date equal to the value of any dividends or other distributions that would have been distributed to you if each of the Shares represented by an RSU instead was an issued and outstanding Share owned by you Dividend Equivalents ). The additional RSUs granted to you as Dividend Equivalents shall be subject to the same terms and conditions under this Award Agreement as the RSUs to which they relate, and shall vest and be settled (rounded down to the nearest whole number) in the same manner and at the same times as the RSUs to which they relate, as determined by the Committee. Each Dividend Equivalent shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
 Taxes . 
 Regardless of any action the Company or your Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax, social security or insurance, fringe benefits tax, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including the grant, vesting or settlement of RSUs, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends or 
 4 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 Dividend Equivalents and (ii) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of this Award to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all withholding and payment on account obligations of the Company and or the Employer. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items legally payable by you from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company and or the Employer. Alternatively, or in addition, if permissible under local law, the Company may in its sole and absolute discretion (1) sell or arrange for the sale of Shares that you acquire to meet the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent), and or (2) withhold the amount of Shares necessary to satisfy the Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering statutory withholding rates or other withholding rates, including maximum rates applicable in your jurisdiction. In the event of over-withholding, you may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the equivalent in Shares, or if not refunded, you may be able to seek a refund from the applicable tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, you may be required to pay additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authorities or to the Company and or Employer. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested RSU, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to deliver the Shares if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described in this section. 
 No Guarantee of Continued Service . 
 You acknowledge and agree that vesting of this Award on the applicable Vesting Dates is earned only by performing continuing Service (not through the act of being hired or being granted this Award). You further acknowledge and agree that this Award Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the Vesting Dates shall not be construed as giving you the right to be retained in the employ of, or to continue to provide services to, the Company or any Affiliate. Further, the Company or the applicable Affiliate may at any time dismiss you, free from any liability or any claim under the Plan, unless otherwise expressly provided in any other agreement binding you, the Company or the applicable Affiliate. The receipt of this Award is not intended to confer any rights on you except as set forth in this Award Agreement. 
 Termination for Cause Restrictive Covenants . 
 In consideration for the grant of this Award and for other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is acknowledged by you, you agree as follows 
 Upon (i) a termination of your Service for Cause, (ii) a retroactive termination of your Service for Cause as permitted herein or under your employment agreement, or (iii) a violation of any post-termination restrictive covenant (including, without limitation, 
 5 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 non-disclosure, non-competition and or non-solicitation) contained in your employment agreement, or any separation or termination or similar agreement you may enter into with the Company or one of its Affiliates in connection with termination of your Service, any Award you hold shall be immediately forfeited and the Company may require that you repay (with interest or appreciation (if any), as applicable, determined up to the date payment is made), and you shall promptly repay to the Company the Fair Market Value (in cash or in Shares) of any Shares received upon the settlement of RSUs during the period beginning on the date that is one year before the date of your termination and ending on the first anniversary of the date of your termination. The Fair Market Value of any such Shares shall be determined as of the date on which the RSUs were settled. 
 Company s Right of Offset . 
 If you become entitled to a distribution of benefits under this Award, and if at such time you have any outstanding debt, obligation, or other liability representing an amount owing to the Company or any of its Affiliates, then the Company or its Affiliates, upon a determination by the Committee, and to the extent permitted by applicable law and not causing a violation of Section 409A of the Code, may offset such amount so owing against the amount of benefits otherwise distributable. Such determination shall be made by the Committee. 
 Acknowledgment of Nature of Award . 
 In accepting the grant of this Award, you acknowledge that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, and it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, as provided in the Plan 
 (b) the grant of this Award is voluntary, occasional and discretionary and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future awards of RSUs, or benefits in lieu of RSUs even if RSUs have been awarded in the past 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) your participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 (e) this Award and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculation of any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments 
 (f) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (g) if you receive Shares, the value of such Shares acquired upon settlement may increase or decrease in value and 
 (h) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages arises from termination of this Award, and no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from any diminution in value of the RSUs or Shares received upon settlement of the 
 6 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 RSUs resulting from termination of your Service, and you irrevocably release the Company and the Employer from any such claim that may arise. 
 Securities Laws . 
 By accepting this Award, you acknowledge that Canadian or other applicable securities laws, including, without limitation, U.S. securities laws and or the Company s policies regarding trading in its securities, may limit or restrict your right to buy or sell Shares, including, without limitation, sales of Shares acquired in connection with this Award. You agree to comply with all Canadian and any other applicable securities law requirements, including, without limitation, any U.S. securities law requirements and Company policies, as such laws and policies are amended from time to time. 
 Data Privacy Notice and Consent. 
 You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Award Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and its other Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 You understand that the Company, the Employer and or other Affiliates hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance or social security number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all RSUs or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 You understand that Data will be transferred to Solium Capital or such other third party assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in Canada, the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipient s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that, if you reside in the European Economic Area, you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that, if you reside in the European Economic Area, you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. You understand that refusal or withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or Service with the Employer will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you RSUs or other awards or administer or maintain such awards. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 7 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 Upon request of the Company or the Employer, you agree to provide a separate executed data privacy consent form (or any other agreements or consents that may be required by the Company and or the Employer) that the Company and or the Employer may deem necessary to obtain from you for the purpose of administering your participation in the Plan in compliance with the data privacy laws in your country, either now or in the future. You understand and agree that you will not be able to participate in the Plan if you fail to provide any such consent or agreement requested by the Company and or the Employer. 
 Limits on Transferability Beneficiaries . 
 This Award shall not be pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered or subject to any lien, obligation or liability to any party, or Transferred, otherwise than by your will or the laws of descent and distribution or to a Beneficiary upon your death, except that this Award may be Transferred to one or more Beneficiaries or other Transferees during your lifetime with the consent of the Committee. A Beneficiary, Transferee, or other person claiming any rights under this Award Agreement shall be subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, except as otherwise determined by the Committee, and to any additional terms and conditions deemed necessary or appropriate by the Committee. 
 No Transfer to any executor or administrator of your estate or to any Beneficiary by will or the laws of descent and distribution of any rights in respect of this Award shall be effective to bind the Company unless the Committee shall have been furnished with (i) written notice thereof and with a copy of the will and or such evidence as the Committee may deem necessary to establish the validity of the Transfer and (ii) the written agreement of the Transferee to comply with all the terms and conditions applicable to this Award and any Shares received upon settlement of RSUs that are or would have been applicable to you. 
 Section 409A Compliance . 
 Neither the Plan nor this Award Agreement is intended to provide for a deferral of compensation that would subject the RSUs to taxation prior to the issuance of Shares as a result of Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, or this Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Award Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without your consent, to comply with Section 409A of the Code or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A of the Code prior to the actual payment of Shares pursuant to this Award. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company does not make any representation to you that this Award is exempt from, or satisfies, the requirements of Section 409A, and the Company shall have no liability or other obligation to indemnify or hold harmless you or any Beneficiary for any tax, additional tax, interest or penalties that you or any Beneficiary may incur in the event that any provision of this Agreement, or any amendment or modification thereof or any other action taken with respect thereto, is deemed to violate any of the requirements of Section 409A. 
 Entire Agreement Governing Law Jurisdiction Waiver of Jury Trial . 
 The Plan, this Award Agreement and, to the extent applicable, your employment agreement or any separation agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings, 
 8 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 representations and agreements (whether oral or written) of the Company and you with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Award Agreement may not be modified in a manner that adversely affects your rights heretofore granted under the Plan, except with your consent or to comply with applicable law or to the extent permitted under other provisions of the Plan. This Award Agreement is governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, without regard to its principles of conflict of laws. 
 ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST THE PARTIES RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS AWARD OR THE AWARD AGREEMENT MAY BE BROUGHT EXCLUSIVELY IN THE COURTS OF THE PROVINCE OF ONTARIO, AND YOU IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. ANY ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS TO ENFORCE A JUDGMENT ISSUED BY ONE OF THE FOREGOING COURTS MAY BE ENFORCED IN ANY JURISDICTION. 
 TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW THAT CANNOT BE WAIVED, YOU HEREBY WAIVE, AND COVENANT THAT YOU WILL NOT ASSERT (WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE), ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY FORUM IN RESPECT OF ANY ISSUE, CLAIM OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THIS AWARD AGREEMENT OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE. 
 By signing this Award Agreement, you acknowledge the receipt of a copy of the Plan and represent that you understand the terms and conditions of the Plan, and hereby accept this Award subject to all provisions in this Award Agreement and in the Plan. You hereby agree to accept as final, conclusive and binding all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Award Agreement. 
 Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . 
 The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to this Award or future awards that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 Agreement Severable . 
 In the event that any provision in this Award Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Award Agreement. 
 Language . 
 You acknowledge that you are proficient in the English language, or have consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language, so as to allow you to understand the content of this Award Agreement and other Plan-related materials. If you have received this Award Agreement or any other document related to 
 9 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 Non-U.S. Terms and Conditions . 
 Notwithstanding any provision in this Award Agreement, if you work and or reside outside the U.S., this Award shall be subject to the additional terms and conditions set forth in Exhibits B and C , as applicable. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries or between countries included in Exhibits B or C , the additional terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Exhibits B and C constitute part of this Award Agreement. 
 Waiver . 
 You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Award Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Award Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Participant. 

10 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 EXHIBIT B 
 
 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2014 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO THE 
 MATCHING RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT FOR PARTICIPANTS OUTSIDE THE U.S. 
 
 Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Exhibit B have the meanings set forth in the Restaurant Brands International Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan and or the Matching Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ). 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 This Exhibit B includes additional terms and conditions that govern this Award granted to you under the Plan if you reside and or work outside the U.S., and or in one of the countries listed below. If you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently residing and or working, transfer employment and or residency after this Award is granted or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Committee shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall apply to you. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 This Exhibit B also includes information regarding securities, exchange controls, tax and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of January 2023. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Exhibit B as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time you vest in this Award or sell Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of a particular result. Accordingly, you should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your situation. 
 
 Finally, if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently residing and or working, transfer employment and or residency after this Award is granted or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you. 

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PARTICIPANTS OUTSIDE THE U.S. 
 
 The following terms and conditions apply if you reside and or work outside of the U.S. and supplement the entire Award Agreement generally 
 
 11 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 Entire Agreement . 
 
 The following provisions replace the first sentence of the Entire Agreement section of Exhibit A 
 
 The Plan and the Award Agreement, including this Exhibit B , constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings, representations and agreements (whether oral or written) of the Company and you with respect to the subject matter hereof. In no event will any aspect of this Award be determined in accordance with your employment agreement (or other Service contract). 

Taxes . 
 
 The following provisions supplement the Taxes section of Exhibit A 
 
 You acknowledge that your liability for Tax-Related Items may exceed the amount withheld by the Company and or the Employer, if any. 
 
 If you have become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 
 Limits on Transferability Beneficiaries . 
 
 The following provision supplements the Limits on Transferability Beneficiaries section of Exhibit A 
 
 This Award may not be Transferred to a designated Beneficiary and may only be Transferred upon your death to your legal heirs in accordance with applicable laws of descent and distribution. In no case may this Award be Transferred to another individual during your lifetime. 
 
 Acknowledgement of Nature of Award . 
 
 The following provisions supplement the Acknowledgment of Nature of Award section of Exhibit A 
 
 You acknowledge the following with respect to this Award 
 
 (a) The Award and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (b) In no event should this Award or any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any other Affiliate 
 
 (c) Neither the Company, the Employer nor any other Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar or Canadian Dollar, as applicable, that may affect the value of this Award or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the settlement of this Award or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement 
 
 12 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 (d) Unless otherwise agreed with the Company, this Award and any Shares acquired upon the settlement of this Award, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service you may provide as a director of any Affiliate and 
 
 (e) Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, this Award and the benefits under the Plan evidenced by the Award Agreement do not create any entitlement to have this Award or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares. 
 
 No Advice Regarding Award . 
 
 The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. You should consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . 
 
 You acknowledge that, depending on your country or the designated broker s country, or the countr(ies) in which the Shares are listed, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or attempt to sell or otherwise dispose of the Shares, rights to Shares e.g. , this Award) or rights linked to the value of Shares, during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws or regulations in applicable jurisdictions, including the U.S. and your country). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before possessing inside information. Furthermore, you may be prohibited from (i) disclosing insider information to any third party, including fellow employees (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them to otherwise buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and you should speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 Exchange Control, Foreign Asset Account and or Tax Reporting . 
 
 Depending on the country to which laws you are subject, you may have certain foreign asset and or tax reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold the Shares acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends paid on the Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage or bank account outside your country. You may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of participating in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to be compliant with such regulations, and you should speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 Imposition of Other Requirements . 
 
 13 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on this Award and on any Shares acquired upon settlement of this Award, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 

14 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND NOTIFICATIONS FOR PARTICIPANTS OUTSIDE THE U.S. AND CANADA 
 
 BRAZIL 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgment . 
 The following provision supplements the Acknowledgment of Nature of Awards section of Exhibit A 
 In accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that (i) you are making an investment decision, and (ii) the value of the underlying Shares is not fixed and may increase or decrease in value over the vesting period without compensation to you. 
 Compliance with Law . 
 In accepting this Award, you agree to comply with applicable Brazilian laws, and to report and pay all Tax-Related Items associated with the vesting of this Award or the subsequent sale of Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Exchange Control Information . 
 If you are a resident or domiciled in Brazil, you will be required to submit an annual declaration of assets and rights held outside of Brazil to the Central Bank of Brazil if the aggregate value of such assets and rights is equal to or greater than USD 1,000,000. Quarterly reporting is required if such amount exceeds USD 100,000,000. Assets and rights that must be reported include Shares acquired under the Plan and may include the Award. 
 Tax on Financial Transactions (IOF) . 
 
 Payments to foreign countries and repatriation of funds into Brazil, and the conversion between BRL and USD associated with such fund transfers, may be subject to the Tax on Financial Transactions. It is your responsibility to comply with any applicable Tax on Financial Transactions arising from participation in the Plan. You should consult with your personal tax advisor for additional details. 
 
 MEXICO 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 Acknowledgement of the Award Agreement. 
 In accepting the Award, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan, have reviewed the Plan and the Award Agreement in their entirety and fully understand and accept all provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreement. You further acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the terms and conditions of the Acknowledgment of Nature of Awards section of Exhibit A , in which the following is clearly described and established 
 a) That your participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right. 
 15 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 b) That the Plan and your participation in the Plan is offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis. 
 c) That your participation in the Plan is voluntary. 
 d) That the Company and Affiliates are not responsible for any decrease in the value of the Shares granted under the Plan. 
 Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgement . 
 By participating in the Plan, you expressly recognize that the Company, Restaurant Brands International, Inc., with registered offices at 130 King Street West, Suite 300, M5X 1E1, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan and that your participation in the Plan and acquisition of Shares do not constitute an employment relationship between you and the Company, since you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis. Based on the foregoing, you expressly recognize that the Plan and any benefits you may derive from participation in the Plan do not establish any rights between you and the Employer or any other Affiliate, and do not form part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by the Employer, and any modification of the Plan or its termination will not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the your employment. 
 You further understand that participation in the Plan is as a result of a unilateral and discretionary decision of the Company. Therefore, the Company reserves the absolute right to amend and or discontinue the your participation at any time without any liability to you. 
 Finally, you hereby declare that you do not reserve any action or right to bring any claim against the Company for any compensation or damages regarding any provision of the Plan or the benefits derived under the Plan, and you therefore grant a full and broad release to the Company, any Affiliate, its shareholders, officers, agents or legal representatives with respect to any claim that may arise. 
 Spanish Translation 
 Reconocimiento de la Pol tica . 
 Derivado de mi aceptaci n, reconozco que he recibido una copia del Plan, he revisado el mismo y el Convenio en su totalidad y comprendo y estoy de acuerdo con los todas las disposiciones tanto del Plan como del Convenio. Asimismo, reconozco que he le do y espec fica y expresamente manifiesto mi conformidad con los t rminos y condiciones del Reconocimiento de la secci n Naturaleza del Otorgamiento del Anexo A en el cual se establece claramente que 
 a) Mi participaci n en el Plan de ninguna manera constituye un derecho adquirido. 
 b) Que el Plan y mi participaci n en el mismo es una oferta por parte de la Compa a de forma completamente discrecional. 
 c) Que mi participaci n en el Plan es voluntaria. 
 d) Que la Compa a y sus Afiliados no son responsables de cualquier p rdida en el valor de las Acciones otorgadas mediante el Plan. 
 16 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 Pol tica de Legislaci n Laboral y Acuse de Recibo . 
 Al participar en el Plan, Ud. expresamente reconoce que la Compa a, Restaurant Brands International, Inc., con oficinas registradas en 130 King Street West, Suite 300, M5X 1E1, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, nicamente es responsable de la administraci n del Plan y que la participaci n suyo en el Plan y la adquisici n de Acciones no constituye una relaci n de trabajo entre Ud. y la Compa a, por causa que Ud. est participando en el Plan en una base enteramente comercial. Con base en lo anterior, Ud. expresamente reconoce que el Plan y cualquier prestaci n que pueda recibir de la participaci n en el Plan no establece derecho alguno entre Ud. y el Patr n, o cualquier otro Afiliado, y no forma parte de las condiciones de trabajo y o prestaciones provistas por el Patr n, y que cualquier modificaci n al Plan o la terminaci n del mismo no constituir n un cambio o deterioro de las condiciones de su trabajo. 
 A su vez, Ud. comprende que la participaci n en el Plan se da como resultado de una decisi n unilateral y discrecional de la Compa a. Por lo que la Compa a se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar y o discontinuar su participaci n en cualquier momento y sin ninguna responsabilidad hacia Ud. 
 Finalmente, Ud. en este acto declara que no se reserva ninguna acci n o derecho para intentar reclamaci n alguna en contra de la Compa a por cualquier compensaci n o da os relacionada con cualquier provisi n del Plan o de los beneficios derivados del mismo, por lo que Ud. otorga el m s amplio y completo finiquito a la Compa a, sus Afiliados, sus accionistas, directivos, agentes o representantes legales en relaci n a cualquier reclamaci n que pueda presentarse. 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 The RSUs and the Shares offered under the Plan have not been registered with the National Register of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. In addition, the Plan, the Award Agreement and any other document relating to the RSUs may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. These materials are addressed to you only because of your existing relationship with the Company or an Affiliate and these materials should not be reproduced or copied in any form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities but rather constitutes a private placement of securities addressed specifically to individuals who are present employees of an Affiliate in Mexico made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law, and any rights under such offering shall not be assigned or transferred. 

SINGAPORE 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 Sale of Shares . 
 
 Any sale or offer of Shares shall be made pursuant to one or more exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the Securities and Futures 
 17 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 Act (Chap. 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ), or pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 
 The grant of this Award is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the SFA and is not made with a view to this Award or underlying Shares being subsequently offered for sale to any other party. The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
 
 Director Notification Requirement . 
 
 If you are a director, associate director or shadow director of the Company s Singapore Affiliate, you are subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Singapore Affiliate in writing when you receive an interest e.g. , this Award, Shares) in the Company or Affiliate. In addition, you must notify the Singapore Affiliate when you sell Shares (including when you sell Shares issued upon settlement of this Award). These notifications must be made within two business days of acquiring or disposing of any interest in the Company or any Affiliate. In addition, a notification of your interests in the Company or Affiliate must be made within two business days of becoming a director. 
 
 SWITZERLAND 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 
 Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the offer of this Award (i) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates, or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved by or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 of FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority e.g. , the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority). 
 
 URUGUAY 
 TERMS & CONDITIONS 
 
 Data Privacy Notice and Consent . 
 
 The following provision supplements the Data Privacy Notice and Consent section of Exhibit A 
 
 You understand that Data will be collected by the Employer and will be transferred to the Company at 130 King Street, Suite 300, Toronto, Ontario M5X 1E1 Canada and or 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, FL 33126 USA, and or any financial institutions or brokers involved in the management and administration of the Plan. You further understand that any of these entities may store Data for purposes of administering your participation in the Plan. 
 18 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

19 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

EXHIBIT C 
 
 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2014 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO THE 
 MATCHING RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT FOR PARTICIPANTS IN CANADA 
 
 Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Exhibit C have the meanings set forth in the Restaurant Brands International Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan and or the Matching Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ). 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 This Exhibit C includes additional terms and conditions that govern this Award granted to you under the Plan if you reside and or work in Canada. If you are a citizen or resident of a country other than Canada, transfer employment and or residency after this Award is granted or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Committee shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall apply to you. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 This Exhibit C also includes information regarding securities, exchange controls, tax and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, and other laws in effect in Canada as of January 2023. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Exhibit C as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the RSUs subject to this Award vest and settle or you sell Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of a particular result. Accordingly, you should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in Canada may apply to your situation. 
 
 Finally, if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than Canada, transfer employment and or residency after this Award is granted or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you. 

20 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 Termination. 
 
 The following provision supplements the Termination section of Exhibit A 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment standards legislation explicitly requires continued vesting during a statutory notice period, your right to vest in the Award under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the last day of your minimum statutory notice period, but you will not be entitled to any pro-rated vesting if the Vesting Date falls after the end of your minimum statutory notice period, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost ability to vesting in the Award. 
 Taxes . 
 
 The following provisions replace the second paragraph under the Taxes section of Exhibit A 
 
 Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all withholding and payment on account obligations of the Company and or the Employer. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items legally payable by you from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company and or the Employer. Alternatively, or in addition, if permissible under local law, the Company may in its sole and absolute discretion (1) sell or arrange for the sale of Shares that you acquire to meet the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent), and or (2) withhold the amount of Shares necessary to satisfy the Tax-Withholding Items. 
 The following provisions regarding language consent and data privacy will apply if you are a resident of Quebec 
 
 Language Consent . 
 
 The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Award Agreement, as well as all addenda, documents, notices, and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 
 Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de cette Convention, ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s et proc dures judiciaries intent es, directement ou indirectement, relativement ou suite la pr sente convention. 
 
 Data Privacy Notice and Consent . 
 
 The following provision supplements the Data Privacy Notice and Consent section of Exhibit A 
 
 You hereby authorize the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or non-professional, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan for purposes that relate to the administration of the Plan. You further authorize the Company, its Affiliates and the Committee to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. You acknowledge and agree that your personal information, including any sensitive personal information, may be transferred or disclosed outside of the province of Quebec, including to the U.S. You 
 21 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(i) 

 further authorize the Employer, the Company, and any other Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. If applicable, you also acknowledge and authorize the Company, the Employer, and any other Affiliate involved in the administration of the Plan to use technology for profiling purposes and to make automated decisions that may have an impact on you or the administration of the Plan. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 
 You are permitted to sell Shares acquired under the Plan through the designated broker, if any, provided the sale of the Shares acquired under the Plan takes place through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the Shares are listed i.e. , the New York Stock Exchange or the Toronto Stock Exchange), subject to applicable laws and Company policies. 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . 
 
 You must report annually on Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) any foreign specified property you hold (including any Shares acquired under the Plan, if held outside Canada), if the total value of such foreign specified property exceeds C 100,000 at any time during the year. The unvested portion of this Award also must be reported (generally at nil cost) on Form 1135 if the C 100,000 threshold is exceeded due to other foreign specified property you hold. If Shares are acquired, the cost generally is their adjusted cost base (the ACB ). The ACB would normally equal the Fair Market Value of the Shares at the time of acquisition, but if you own other Shares, the ACB may have to be averaged with the ACB of the other Shares. The form must be filed with your annual tax return by April 30 of the following year. You should consult with a personal advisor to ensure you comply with the applicable reporting obligation. 

22 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

</EX-10.36(I)>

<EX-10.36(J)>
 6
 exhibit1036j-2023rsuawarda.htm
 EX-10.36(J)

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2014 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 Unless defined in this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ), capitalized terms will have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Restaurant Brands International Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the Plan ). 
 Pursuant to Section 8 of the Plan, you have been granted Restricted Stock Units (the RSUs on the following terms and subject to the provisions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Total Number of RSUs 
 Grant Date February __, 2023 
 Vesting Dates 25 of the RSUs will vest on December 15 of each of 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026, in each case subject to your continued Service through each such Vesting Date and further subject to the Section entitled Termination in Exhibit A . 
 By accepting this Award of RSUs and agreeing to this Award Agreement, you and the Company agree that this Award of RSUs is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the terms and conditions set forth in the attached Exhibit A , the additional terms and conditions for employees outside the U.S. set forth in Exhibits B and C . Exhibits A , B and C constitute part of this Award Agreement. 
 
 PARTICIPANT RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 ____________________________ 
 
 By ______________________________ 
 Name Name Jill Granat Title General Counsel 

1 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 EXHIBIT A 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 No Payment for Shares . 
 No payment is required for any Shares that you may receive under this Award. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 Each RSU represents a right to receive one Share, or at the discretion of the Committee, the cash equivalent of one Share, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement. 
 
 Vesting . 
 The RSUs will vest on the Vesting Dates as set forth in this Award Agreement, subject to your continued Service through each Vesting Date and to the section below entitled Termination . 
 Adjustment for Certain Events . 
 If and to the extent that it would not cause a violation of Section 409A of the Code or other applicable law, if any Corporate Event described in Section 5(d) of the Plan shall occur, the Committee shall make an adjustment as described in such Section 5(d) in such manner as the Committee may, in its sole discretion, deem appropriate and equitable to prevent substantial dilution or enlargement of the rights provided under this Award. 
 Termination . 
 Upon termination of your Service prior to any Vesting Date, you will forfeit all of your RSUs that are unvested at the time of termination without any consideration due to you. For the purposes of the Plan and this Award Agreement, your Service will not be deemed to be terminated in the event that you transfer employment from the Company to any Affiliate or from an Affiliate to the Company or another Affiliate, as the case may be. 
 Except in case of your death, your Service terminates on the day you receive written notice of termination or provide notice of resignation. For greater clarity, the date of termination of your Service will not be extended by any period of notice of termination of employment, payment in lieu of notice or severance mandated under local law, whether statutory, contractual or at common law e.g. , active employment would not include a period of garden leave or similar period pursuant to local law) regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of laws in the jurisdiction where you are rendering Service or the terms of your employment agreement, if any. The Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine the date of termination of your Service for purposes of this Award (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
 In the event that there is a conflict between the terms of this Award Agreement regarding the effect of a termination of your Service on this Award and the terms of any employment agreement, the terms of your employment agreement will govern. 
 2 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 Subject to any terms and conditions that the Committee may impose in accordance with Section 13 of the Plan, in the event that a Change in Control occurs and, within twelve (12) months following the date of such Change in Control, your Service is terminated by your employer (the Employer Without Cause (as defined herein), this Award shall vest in full upon such termination. In the event that there is a conflict between the terms of this Award Agreement regarding the effect of a Change in Control on this Award and the terms of any employment agreement, the terms of this Award Agreement will govern. 
 For purposes of this Award Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 Cause means (i) a material breach by you of any of your obligations under any written employment agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliates, (ii) a material violation by you of any of the policies, procedures, rules and regulations of the Company or any of its Affiliates applicable to employees or other service providers generally or to employees or other service providers at your payband (iii) the failure by you to reasonably and substantially perform your duties to the Company or its Affiliates (other than as a result of physical or mental illness or injury) (iv) your willful misconduct or gross negligence that has caused or is reasonably expected to result in material injury to the business, reputation or prospects of the Company or any of its Affiliates (v) your fraud or misappropriation of funds or (vi) the commission by you of a felony or other serious crime involving moral turpitude provided that if you are a party to an employment agreement at the time of termination of your Service and such employment agreement contains a different definition of cause (or any derivation thereof), the definition in such employment agreement will control for purposes of this Award Agreement. 
 If you are terminated Without Cause and, within the twelve (12) month period subsequent to such termination of your Service, the Company determines that your Service could have been terminated for Cause, subject to anything to the contrary that may be contained in your employment agreement at the time of termination of your Service, your Service will, at the election of the Company, be deemed to have been terminated for Cause, effective as of the date the events giving rise to Cause occurred. 
 Disability means (i) a physical or mental condition entitling you to benefits under the long-term disability policy of the company covering you or (ii) in the absence of any such policy, a physical or mental condition rendering you unable to perform your duties for the Company or any Affiliate for a period of six (6) consecutive months or longer provided that if you are a party to an employment agreement at the time of termination of your Service and such employment agreement contains a different definition of disability (or any derivation thereof), the definition in such employment agreement will control for purposes of this Award Agreement. 
 Vesting Date means December 15 of each of 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026 or such earlier vesting date as may be provided in this Award Agreement. 
 Without Cause means a termination of your Service by you for Good Reason, if you have an employment agreement that defines the term Good Reason, or by the Employer other than any such termination by the Employer for Cause or due to your death or Disability provided that if you are a party to an employment agreement at the time of termination of your Service and such employment agreement contains a different definition of without cause (or any derivation thereof), the definition in such employment agreement will control for purposes of this Award Agreement. 
 3 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a party to an employment agreement at the time of termination of your Service and such employment agreement provides that a termination of your Service by you for Good Reason constitutes termination of your Service Without Cause, such termination for Good Reason shall not constitute termination Without Cause for purposes of the acceleration of your RSUs following a Change in Control. 
 
 Settlement of RSUs . 
 
 The Company shall deliver to you (or your Beneficiary, if applicable) a number of Shares, or at the discretion of the Committee, the cash value equal to the number of RSUs that vest in accordance with this Award Agreement as soon as practicable (but in no event more than 60 days) following the applicable Vesting Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if you are subject to taxation in Canada on employment income, all payments shall be made no later than December 31 st of the third year following the year in which services were rendered giving rise to the RSUs. RSUs may be settled in Shares or cash at the discretion of the Committee and you will have no rights of a shareholder with respect to the RSUs until such Shares have been delivered to you. 
 
 Dividend Equivalents . 
 During the term of this Award Agreement, you shall be automatically granted additional RSUs with respect to a number of Shares (rounded to six decimal places) having a Fair Market Value as of the applicable dividend payment date equal to the value of any dividends or other distributions that would have been distributed to you if each of the Shares represented by an RSU instead was an issued and outstanding Share owned by you Dividend Equivalents ). The additional RSUs granted to you as Dividend Equivalents shall be subject to the same terms and conditions under this Award Agreement as the RSUs to which they relate, and shall vest and be settled (rounded down to the nearest whole number) in the same manner and at the same times as the RSUs to which they relate, as determined by the Committee. Each Dividend Equivalent shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
 Taxes . 
 Regardless of any action the Company or your Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax, social security or insurance, fringe benefits tax, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by you is and remains your responsibility and that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including the grant, vesting or settlement of RSUs, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends or Dividend Equivalents and (ii) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of this Award to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all withholding and payment on account obligations of the Company and or the Employer. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items legally payable by you from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company and or the Employer. Alternatively, or in addition, if permissible under local law, the Company may in its sole and absolute discretion (1) sell or arrange for the sale of Shares that you acquire to meet the 
 4 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent), and or (2) withhold the amount of Shares necessary to satisfy the Tax-Related Items. 
 
 The Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering statutory withholding rates or other withholding rates, including maximum rates applicable in your jurisdiction. In the event of over-withholding, you may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash and will have no entitlement to the equivalent in Shares, or if not refunded, you may be able to seek a refund from the applicable tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, you may be required to pay additional Tax-Related Items directly to the applicable tax authorities or to the Company and or Employer. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested RSU, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
 Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to deliver the Shares if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described in this section. 
 No Guarantee of Continued Service . 
 You acknowledge and agree that vesting of this Award on the applicable Vesting Dates is earned only by performing continuing Service (not through the act of being hired or being granted this Award). You further acknowledge and agree that this Award Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the Vesting Dates shall not be construed as giving you the right to be retained in the employ of, or to continue to provide services to, the Company or any Affiliate. Further, the Company or the applicable Affiliate may at any time dismiss you, free from any liability or any claim under the Plan, unless otherwise expressly provided in any other agreement binding you, the Company or the applicable Affiliate. The receipt of this Award is not intended to confer any rights on you except as set forth in this Award Agreement. 
 Termination for Cause Restrictive Covenants . 
 In consideration for the grant of this Award and for other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is acknowledged by you, you agree as follows 
 Upon (i) a termination of your Service for Cause, (ii) a retroactive termination of your Service for Cause as permitted herein or under your employment agreement, or (iii) a violation of any post-termination restrictive covenant (including, without limitation, non-disclosure, non-competition and or non-solicitation) contained in your employment agreement, or any separation or termination or similar agreement you may enter into with the Company or one of its Affiliates in connection with termination of your Service, any Award you hold shall be immediately forfeited and the Company may require that you repay (with interest or appreciation (if any), as applicable, determined up to the date payment is made), and you shall promptly repay to the Company the Fair Market Value (in cash or in Shares) of any Shares received upon the settlement of RSUs during the period beginning on the date that is one year before the date of your termination and ending on the first anniversary of the date of your termination. The Fair Market Value of any such Shares shall be determined as of the date on which the RSUs were settled. 
 5 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 Company s Right of Offset . 
 If you become entitled to a distribution of benefits under this Award, and if at such time you have any outstanding debt, obligation, or other liability representing an amount owing to the Company or any of its Affiliates, then the Company or its Affiliates, upon a determination by the Committee, and to the extent permitted by applicable law and not causing a violation of Section 409A of the Code, may offset such amount so owing against the amount of benefits otherwise distributable. Such determination shall be made by the Committee. 
 Acknowledgment of Nature of Award . 
 In accepting the grant of this Award, you acknowledge that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, and it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, as provided in the Plan 
 (b) the grant of this Award is voluntary, occasional and discretionary and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future awards of RSUs, or benefits in lieu of RSUs even if RSUs have been awarded in the past 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) your participation in the Plan is voluntary 
 (e) this Award and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculation of any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments 
 (f) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 (g) if you receive Shares, the value of such Shares acquired upon settlement may increase or decrease in value and 
 (h) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages arises from termination of this Award, and no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from any diminution in value of the RSUs or Shares received upon settlement of the RSUs resulting from termination of your Service, and you irrevocably release the Company and the Employer from any such claim that may arise. 
 Securities Laws . 
 By accepting this Award, you acknowledge that Canadian or other applicable securities laws, including, without limitation, U.S. securities laws and or the Company s policies regarding trading in its securities, may limit or restrict your right to buy or sell Shares, including, without limitation, sales of Shares acquired in connection with this Award. You agree to comply with all Canadian and any other applicable securities law requirements, including, without limitation, any U.S. securities law requirements and Company policies, as such laws and policies are amended from time to time. 
 6 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 Data Privacy Notice and Consent. 
 You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Award Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and its other Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 You understand that the Company, the Employer and or other Affiliates hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance or social security number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all RSUs or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 You understand that Data will be transferred to Solium Capital or such other third party assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in Canada, the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipient s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that, if you reside in the European Economic Area, you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that, if you reside in the European Economic Area, you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. You understand that refusal or withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or Service with the Employer will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you RSUs or other awards or administer or maintain such awards. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 Upon request of the Company or the Employer, you agree to provide a separate executed data privacy consent form (or any other agreements or consents that may be required by the Company and or the Employer) that the Company and or the Employer may deem necessary to obtain from you for the purpose of administering your participation in the Plan in compliance with the data privacy laws in your country, either now or in the future. You understand and agree that you will not be able to participate in the Plan if you fail to provide any such consent or agreement requested by the Company and or the Employer. 
 Limits on Transferability Beneficiaries . 
 7 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 This Award shall not be pledged, hypothecated or otherwise encumbered or subject to any lien, obligation or liability to any party, or Transferred, otherwise than by your will or the laws of descent and distribution or to a Beneficiary upon your death, except that this Award may be Transferred to one or more Beneficiaries or other Transferees during your lifetime with the consent of the Committee. A Beneficiary, Transferee, or other person claiming any rights under this Award Agreement shall be subject to all terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, except as otherwise determined by the Committee, and to any additional terms and conditions deemed necessary or appropriate by the Committee. 
 No Transfer to any executor or administrator of your estate or to any Beneficiary by will or the laws of descent and distribution of any rights in respect of this Award shall be effective to bind the Company unless the Committee shall have been furnished with (i) written notice thereof and with a copy of the will and or such evidence as the Committee may deem necessary to establish the validity of the Transfer and (ii) the written agreement of the Transferee to comply with all the terms and conditions applicable to this Award and any Shares received upon settlement of RSUs that are or would have been applicable to you. 
 Section 409A Compliance . 
 Neither the Plan nor this Award Agreement is intended to provide for a deferral of compensation that would subject the RSUs to taxation prior to the issuance of Shares as a result of Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, or this Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Award Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without your consent, to comply with Section 409A of the Code or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A of the Code prior to the actual payment of Shares pursuant to this Award. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company does not make any representation to you that this Award is exempt from, or satisfies, the requirements of Section 409A, and the Company shall have no liability or other obligation to indemnify or hold harmless you or any Beneficiary for any tax, additional tax, interest or penalties that you or any Beneficiary may incur in the event that any provision of this Agreement, or any amendment or modification thereof or any other action taken with respect thereto, is deemed to violate any of the requirements of Section 409A. 
 Entire Agreement Governing Law Jurisdiction Waiver of Jury Trial . 
 The Plan, this Award Agreement and, to the extent applicable, your employment agreement or any separation agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings, representations and agreements (whether oral or written) of the Company and you with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Award Agreement may not be modified in a manner that adversely affects your rights heretofore granted under the Plan, except with your consent or to comply with applicable law or to the extent permitted under other provisions of the Plan. This Award Agreement is governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, without regard to its principles of conflict of laws. 
 ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST THE PARTIES RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THIS AWARD OR THE AWARD AGREEMENT MAY BE BROUGHT EXCLUSIVELY IN THE COURTS OF THE PROVINCE OF ONTARIO, 
 8 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 AND YOU IRREVOCABLY SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. ANY ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS TO ENFORCE A JUDGMENT ISSUED BY ONE OF THE FOREGOING COURTS MAY BE ENFORCED IN ANY JURISDICTION. 
 TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW THAT CANNOT BE WAIVED, YOU HEREBY WAIVE, AND COVENANT THAT YOU WILL NOT ASSERT (WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE), ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY FORUM IN RESPECT OF ANY ISSUE, CLAIM OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THIS AWARD AGREEMENT OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, IN EACH CASE WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE. 
 By signing this Award Agreement, you acknowledge the receipt of a copy of the Plan and represent that you understand the terms and conditions of the Plan, and hereby accept this Award subject to all provisions in this Award Agreement and in the Plan. You hereby agree to accept as final, conclusive and binding all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Award Agreement. 
 Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . 
 The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to this Award or future awards that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 Agreement Severable . 
 In the event that any provision in this Award Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Award Agreement. 
 Language . 
 You acknowledge that you are proficient in the English language, or have consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in the English language, so as to allow you to understand the content of this Award Agreement and other Plan-related materials. If you have received this Award Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 Non-U.S. Terms and Conditions. 
 Notwithstanding any provision in this Award Agreement, if you work and or reside outside the U.S., this Award shall be subject to the additional terms and conditions set forth in Exhibits B and C , as applicable. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries or between countries included in Exhibits B or C , the additional terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines 
 9 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Exhibits B and C constitute part of this Award Agreement. 
 
 Waiver . 
 You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Award Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Award Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Participant. 

10 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 EXHIBIT B 
 
 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2014 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO THE 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT FOR PARTICIPANTS OUTSIDE THE U.S. 
 
 Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Exhibit B have the meanings set forth in the Restaurant Brands International Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan and or the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ). 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 This Exhibit B includes additional terms and conditions that govern this Award granted to you under the Plan if you reside and or work outside the U.S., and or in one of the countries listed below. If you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently residing and or working, transfer employment and or residency after this Award is granted or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Committee shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall apply to you. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 This Exhibit B also includes information regarding securities, exchange controls, tax and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of January 2023. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Exhibit B as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time you vest in this Award or sell Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of a particular result. Accordingly, you should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your situation. 
 
 Finally, if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently residing and or working, transfer employment and or residency after this Award is granted or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you. 

GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PARTICIPANTS OUTSIDE THE U.S. 
 
 The following terms and conditions apply if you reside and or work outside of the U.S. and supplement the entire Award Agreement generally 
 
 11 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 Entire Agreement . 
 
 The following provisions replace the first sentence of the Entire Agreement section of Exhibit A 
 
 The Plan and the Award Agreement, including this Exhibit B , constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings, representations and agreements (whether oral or written) of the Company and you with respect to the subject matter hereof. In no event will any aspect of this Award be determined in accordance with your employment agreement (or other Service contract). 

Taxes . 
 
 The following provisions supplement the Taxes section of Exhibit A 
 
 You acknowledge that your liability for Tax-Related Items may exceed the amount withheld by the Company and or the Employer, if any. 
 
 If you have become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 
 Limits on Transferability Beneficiaries . 
 
 The following provision supplements the Limits on Transferability Beneficiaries section of Exhibit A 
 
 This Award may not be Transferred to a designated Beneficiary and may only be Transferred upon your death to your legal heirs in accordance with applicable laws of descent and distribution. In no case may this Award be Transferred to another individual during your lifetime. 
 
 Acknowledgement of Nature of Award . 
 
 The following provisions supplement the Acknowledgment of Nature of Award section of Exhibit A 
 
 You acknowledge the following with respect to this Award 
 
 (a) The Award and any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (b) In no event should this Award or any Shares acquired under the Plan, and the income from and value of same, be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any other Affiliate 
 
 (c) Neither the Company, the Employer nor any other Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar or Canadian Dollar, as applicable, that may affect the value of this Award or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the settlement of this Award or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement 
 
 12 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 (d) Unless otherwise agreed with the Company, this Award and any Shares acquired upon the settlement of this Award, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service you may provide as a director of any Affiliate and 
 
 (e) Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, this Award and the benefits under the Plan evidenced by the Award Agreement do not create any entitlement to have this Award or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares. 
 
 No Advice Regarding Award . 
 
 The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. You should consult with your own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding your participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . 
 
 You acknowledge that, depending on your country or the designated broker s country, or the countr(ies) in which the Shares are listed, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or attempt to sell or otherwise dispose of the Shares, rights to Shares e.g. , this Award) or rights linked to the value of Shares, during such times as you are considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws or regulations in applicable jurisdictions, including the U.S. and your country). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before possessing inside information. Furthermore, you may be prohibited from (i) disclosing insider information to any third party, including fellow employees (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them to otherwise buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and you should speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 Exchange Control, Foreign Asset Account and or Tax Reporting . 
 
 Depending on the country to which laws you are subject, you may have certain foreign asset and or tax reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold the Shares acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends paid on the Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage or bank account outside your country. You may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of participating in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to be compliant with such regulations, and you should speak to your personal advisor on this matter. 
 Imposition of Other Requirements . 
 
 13 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on this Award and on any Shares acquired upon settlement of this Award, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 

14 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND NOTIFICATIONS FOR PARTICIPANTS OUTSIDE THE U.S. AND CANADA 
 
 BRAZIL 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgment . 
 The following provision supplements the Acknowledgment of Nature of Awards section of Exhibit A 
 In accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that (i) you are making an investment decision, and (ii) the value of the underlying Shares is not fixed and may increase or decrease in value over the vesting period without compensation to you. 
 Compliance with Law . 
 In accepting this Award, you agree to comply with applicable Brazilian laws, and to report and pay all Tax-Related Items associated with the vesting of this Award or the subsequent sale of Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Exchange Control Information . 
 If you are a resident or domiciled in Brazil, you will be required to submit an annual declaration of assets and rights held outside of Brazil to the Central Bank of Brazil if the aggregate value of such assets and rights is equal to or greater than USD 1,000,000. Quarterly reporting is required if such amount exceeds USD 100,000,000. Assets and rights that must be reported include Shares acquired under the Plan and may include the Award. 
 Tax on Financial Transactions (IOF) . 
 
 Payments to foreign countries and repatriation of funds into Brazil, and the conversion between BRL and USD associated with such fund transfers, may be subject to the Tax on Financial Transactions. It is your responsibility to comply with any applicable Tax on Financial Transactions arising from participation in the Plan. You should consult with your personal tax advisor for additional details. 
 
 MEXICO 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 Acknowledgement of the Award Agreement. 
 In accepting the Award, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of the Plan, have reviewed the Plan and the Award Agreement in their entirety and fully understand and accept all provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreement. You further acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the terms and conditions of the Acknowledgment of Nature of Awards section of Exhibit A , in which the following is clearly described and established 
 a) That your participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right. 
 15 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 b) That the Plan and your participation in the Plan is offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis. 
 c) That your participation in the Plan is voluntary. 
 d) That the Company and Affiliates are not responsible for any decrease in the value of the Shares granted under the Plan. 
 Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgement . 
 By participating in the Plan, you expressly recognize that the Company, Restaurant Brands International, Inc., with registered offices at 130 King Street West, Suite 300, M5X 1E1, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan and that your participation in the Plan and acquisition of Shares do not constitute an employment relationship between you and the Company, since you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis. Based on the foregoing, you expressly recognize that the Plan and any benefits you may derive from participation in the Plan do not establish any rights between you and the Employer or any other Affiliate, and do not form part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by the Employer, and any modification of the Plan or its termination will not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the your employment. 
 You further understand that participation in the Plan is as a result of a unilateral and discretionary decision of the Company. Therefore, the Company reserves the absolute right to amend and or discontinue the your participation at any time without any liability to you. 
 Finally, you hereby declare that you do not reserve any action or right to bring any claim against the Company for any compensation or damages regarding any provision of the Plan or the benefits derived under the Plan, and you therefore grant a full and broad release to the Company, any Affiliate, its shareholders, officers, agents or legal representatives with respect to any claim that may arise. 
 Spanish Translation 
 Reconocimiento de la Pol tica . 
 Derivado de mi aceptaci n, reconozco que he recibido una copia del Plan, he revisado el mismo y el Convenio en su totalidad y comprendo y estoy de acuerdo con los todas las disposiciones tanto del Plan como del Convenio. Asimismo, reconozco que he le do y espec fica y expresamente manifiesto mi conformidad con los t rminos y condiciones del Reconocimiento de la secci n Naturaleza del Otorgamiento del Anexo A en el cual se establece claramente que 
 a) Mi participaci n en el Plan de ninguna manera constituye un derecho adquirido. 
 b) Que el Plan y mi participaci n en el mismo es una oferta por parte de la Compa a de forma completamente discrecional. 
 c) Que mi participaci n en el Plan es voluntaria. 
 d) Que la Compa a y sus Afiliados no son responsables de cualquier p rdida en el valor de las Acciones otorgadas mediante el Plan. 
 16 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 Pol tica de Legislaci n Laboral y Acuse de Recibo . 
 Al participar en el Plan, Ud. expresamente reconoce que la Compa a, Restaurant Brands International, Inc., con oficinas registradas en 130 King Street West, Suite 300, M5X 1E1, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, nicamente es responsable de la administraci n del Plan y que la participaci n suyo en el Plan y la adquisici n de Acciones no constituye una relaci n de trabajo entre Ud. y la Compa a, por causa que Ud. est participando en el Plan en una base enteramente comercial. Con base en lo anterior, Ud. expresamente reconoce que el Plan y cualquier prestaci n que pueda recibir de la participaci n en el Plan no establece derecho alguno entre Ud. y el Patr n, o cualquier otro Afiliado, y no forma parte de las condiciones de trabajo y o prestaciones provistas por el Patr n, y que cualquier modificaci n al Plan o la terminaci n del mismo no constituir n un cambio o deterioro de las condiciones de su trabajo. 
 A su vez, Ud. comprende que la participaci n en el Plan se da como resultado de una decisi n unilateral y discrecional de la Compa a. Por lo que la Compa a se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar y o discontinuar su participaci n en cualquier momento y sin ninguna responsabilidad hacia Ud. 
 Finalmente, Ud. en este acto declara que no se reserva ninguna acci n o derecho para intentar reclamaci n alguna en contra de la Compa a por cualquier compensaci n o da os relacionada con cualquier provisi n del Plan o de los beneficios derivados del mismo, por lo que Ud. otorga el m s amplio y completo finiquito a la Compa a, sus Afiliados, sus accionistas, directivos, agentes o representantes legales en relaci n a cualquier reclamaci n que pueda presentarse. 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 The RSUs and the Shares offered under the Plan have not been registered with the National Register of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. In addition, the Plan, the Award Agreement and any other document relating to the RSUs may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. These materials are addressed to you only because of your existing relationship with the Company or an Affiliate and these materials should not be reproduced or copied in any form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities but rather constitutes a private placement of securities addressed specifically to individuals who are present employees of an Affiliate in Mexico made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law, and any rights under such offering shall not be assigned or transferred. 
 SINGAPORE 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 Sale of Shares . 
 
 Any sale or offer of Shares shall be made pursuant to one or more exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the Securities and Futures 
 17 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 Act (Chap. 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ), or pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 
 The grant of this Award is being made pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the SFA and is not made with a view to this Award or underlying Shares being subsequently offered for sale to any other party. The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
 
 Director Notification Requirement . 
 
 If you are a director, associate director or shadow director of the Company s Singapore Affiliate, you are subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Singapore Affiliate in writing when you receive an interest e.g. , this Award, Shares) in the Company or Affiliate. In addition, you must notify the Singapore Affiliate when you sell Shares (including when you sell Shares issued upon settlement of this Award). These notifications must be made within two business days of acquiring or disposing of any interest in the Company or any Affiliate. In addition, a notification of your interests in the Company or Affiliate must be made within two business days of becoming a director. 
 
 SWITZERLAND 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 
 Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the offer of this Award (i) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates, or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved by or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 of FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority e.g. , the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority). 
 
 URUGUAY 
 TERMS & CONDITIONS 
 
 Data Privacy Notice and Consent . 
 
 The following provision supplements the Data Privacy Notice and Consent section of Exhibit A 
 
 You understand that Data will be collected by the Employer and will be transferred to the Company at 130 King Street, Suite 300, Toronto, Ontario M5X 1E1 Canada and or 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, FL 33126 USA, and or any financial institutions or brokers involved in the management and administration of the Plan. You further understand that any of these entities may store Data for purposes of administering your participation in the Plan. 
 18 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

19 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

EXHIBIT C 
 
 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2014 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO THE 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT FOR PARTICIPANTS IN CANADA 
 
 Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Exhibit C have the meanings set forth in the Restaurant Brands International Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan and or the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ). 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 This Exhibit C includes additional terms and conditions that govern this Award granted to you under the Plan if you reside and or work in Canada. If you are a citizen or resident of a country other than Canada, transfer employment and or residency after this Award is granted or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Committee shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall apply to you. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 This Exhibit C also includes information regarding securities, exchange controls, tax and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control, and other laws in effect in Canada as of January 2023. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Exhibit C as the only source of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the RSUs subject to this Award vest and settle or you sell Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of a particular result. Accordingly, you should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in Canada may apply to your situation. 
 
 Finally, if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than Canada, transfer employment and or residency after this Award is granted or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to you. 

20 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 Termination. 
 
 The following provision supplements the Termination section of Exhibit A 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment standards legislation explicitly requires continued vesting during a statutory notice period, your right to vest in the Award under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the last day of your minimum statutory notice period, but you will not be entitled to any pro-rated vesting if the Vesting Date falls after the end of your minimum statutory notice period, nor will you be entitled to any compensation for lost ability to vesting in the Award. 
 Taxes . 
 
 The following provisions replace the second paragraph under the Taxes section of Exhibit A 
 
 Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all withholding and payment on account obligations of the Company and or the Employer. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items legally payable by you from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company and or the Employer. Alternatively, or in addition, if permissible under local law, the Company may in its sole and absolute discretion (1) sell or arrange for the sale of Shares that you acquire to meet the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent), and or (2) withhold the amount of Shares necessary to satisfy the Tax-Withholding Items. 
 The following provisions regarding language consent and data privacy will apply if you are a resident of Quebec 
 
 Language Consent . 
 
 The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Award Agreement, as well as all addenda, documents, notices, and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 
 Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de cette Convention, ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s et proc dures judiciaries intent es, directement ou indirectement, relativement ou suite la pr sente convention. 
 
 Data Privacy Notice and Consent . 
 
 The following provision supplements the Data Privacy Notice and Consent section of Exhibit A 
 
 You hereby authorize the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or non-professional, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan for purposes that relate to the administration of the Plan. You further authorize the Company, its Affiliates and the Committee to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. You acknowledge and agree that your personal information, including any sensitive personal information, may be transferred or disclosed outside of the province of Quebec, including to the U.S. You 
 21 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

EXHIBIT 10.36(j) 

 further authorize the Employer, the Company, and any other Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. If applicable, you also acknowledge and authorize the Company, the Employer, and any other Affiliate involved in the administration of the Plan to use technology for profiling purposes and to make automated decisions that may have an impact on you or the administration of the Plan. 
 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 
 Securities Law Information . 
 
 You are permitted to sell Shares acquired under the Plan through the designated broker, if any, provided the sale of the Shares acquired under the Plan takes place through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the Shares are listed i.e. , the New York Stock Exchange or the Toronto Stock Exchange), subject to applicable laws and Company policies. 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . 
 
 You must report annually on Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) any foreign specified property you hold (including any Shares acquired under the Plan, if held outside Canada), if the total value of such foreign specified property exceeds C 100,000 at any time during the year. The unvested portion of this Award also must be reported (generally at nil cost) on Form 1135 if the C 100,000 threshold is exceeded due to other foreign specified property you hold. If Shares are acquired, the cost generally is their adjusted cost base (the ACB ). The ACB would normally equal the Fair Market Value of the Shares at the time of acquisition, but if you own other Shares, the ACB may have to be averaged with the ACB of the other Shares. The form must be filed with your annual tax return by April 30 of the following year. You should consult with a personal advisor to ensure you comply with the applicable reporting obligation. 

22 
 6642510-v4 GESDMS 

</EX-10.36(J)>

<EX-10.87(A)>
 7
 exhibit1087a-agreementxter.htm
 EX-10.87(A)

Document 
 Exhibit 10.87(a) 

February 13, 2023 

Jose Cil 
 Restaurant Brands International 
 The TDL Group Corp. 

Dear Jose 
 
 We refer to the Employment and Post-Employment Covenants Agreement dated as of January 23, 2019, between Restaurant Brands International Inc. RBI and you (the RBI Employment Agreement and the Employment and Post-Employment Covenants Agreement dated as of January 23, 2019, between The TDL Group Corp. TDL and you (the TDL Employment Agreement ), which set out the terms relating to your employment with RBI and TDL, respectively. 
 
 In accordance with our recent discussions, the RBI Employment Agreement and the TDL Employment Agreement are hereby terminated, effective at 11 59pm on February 28, 2023. All provisions of the RBI Employment Agreement and the TDL Employment Agreement which are intended to survive termination thereof (including but not limited to the tax equalization and tax preparation obligations set forth in Sections 6(a) and 6(b) thereof regarding equalization for taxes assessed on exercises or settlements of employment-based equity compensation granted to you by RBI during the term of your employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates) shall, in fact, survive such termination. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Employment and Post-Employment Covenants Agreement dated as of January 23, 2019, between Burger King Company LLC (successor in interest to Burger King Corporation) BKC and you, as amended from time to time, including contemporaneously with this letter agreement, remains in effect, and your employment by BKC is not impacted by the termination of the RBI Employment Agreement and the TDL Employment Agreement. Additionally, you acknowledge that through your continued employment with BKC, you will receive the greater right or benefit of any entitlements that accrue under the RBI Employment Agreement and the TDL Employment Agreement due to the termination thereof. 
 
 Please sign a copy of this letter where indicated below to evidence your agreement hereto. If you should have any questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact me. 
 
 Sincerely, 
 
 s Jill Granat 
 
 Jill Granat 
 Secretary, Restaurant Brands International 
 Inc. and The TDL Group Corp. 
 Agreed and Accepted, this 13 th day of February, 2023 

__ s Jose Cil _____________________ 
 Jose Cil 

</EX-10.87(A)>

<EX-10.87(B)>
 8
 exhibit1087b-agreementxame.htm
 EX-10.87(B)

Document 
 Exhibit 10.87(b) 

AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AND POST-EMPLOYMENT COVENANTS AGREEMENT 
 This Amendment to Employment and Post-Employment Covenants Agreement Amendment is made as of the 13 th day of February, 2023, by and between Burger King Company LLC (as successor in interest to Burger King Corporation) (the Company and Jose Cil Cil (each a Party and, collectively, the Parties ), to that certain Employment and Post-Employment Covenants Agreement between the Parties dated as of January 23, 2019, as such agreement may have been amended from time to time, that governs the terms and conditions of Cil s employment with the Company (the Agreement ). Unless defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Amendment shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement. 
 
 WHEREAS , the Parties desire to amend the Agreement as more particularly set forth herein. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained in this Amendment and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree that the Agreement is amended as follows, effective as of March 1, 2023 (the Effective Date ). The Parties acknowledge that this Amendment is not applicable to any period(s) prior to the Effective Date. 
 
 1. Term of Employment . Section 2(a) of the Agreement is amended to (a) provide that the term of the Agreement, and therefore Cil s employment with the Company, shall terminate on March 1, 2024 (the Termination Date unless sooner terminated in accordance with the Separation Agreement between the Company and you, dated of even date herewith, and (b) delete the last two (2) sentences of Section 2(a) in their entirety. Additionally, Cil hereby waives any right or entitlement he may have had, if any, under the Agreement to receive pay in lieu of notice and severance pay upon the termination of his employment on the Termination Date. 
 2. Responsibilities . Section 2(b) of the Agreement is amended to add the following sentence Executive shall devote at least one day per week to his duties. 
 3. Location . Section 2(c) of the Agreement is amended to delete the penultimate sentence of Section 2(c). 
 4. Base Salary . Section 3 of the Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 3. Base Salary. Commencing March 1, 2023, the Company shall pay Executive a base salary at an annualized rate equal to US 200,000, payable in installments on the Company s regular payroll dates Base Salary ). 
 
 5. Annual Incentive Compensation . Section 4 of the Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following 
 4. Annual Incentive Compensation . Executive shall not be eligible to participate in any annual bonus program or other annual incentive plan adopted or maintained by the Company with respect to any calendar year following 2022. 
 6. BOARD SERVICE . During the term of the Agreement and subject to (a) the Company s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld and (b) the restrictive covenants 
 Page 1 of #NUM_PAGES# 

Exhibit 10.87(b) 

 set forth in Sections 8 and 9 of the Agreement, Executive will be permitted to act or serve as a director, trustee or committee member of any public or private business, civic or charitable organization. 
 7. DEFINITION OF AFFILIATE AGREEMENTS . The definition of Affiliate Agreements set forth in Section 15(l) of the Agreement is deleted and replaced with the following Affiliate Agreements means the Employment Agreement between Restaurant Brands International Inc. and Executive, dated as of January 23, 2019, and the Employment Agreement between The TDL Group Corp. and Executive, dated as of January 23, 2019, collectively. The Parties acknowledge that Affiliate Agreements have been terminated by letter agreement dated of even date herewith. 
 8. Miscellaneous . For the avoidance of doubt, the modifications to the Agreement made by this Amendment shall not constitute a separation from service under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations thereunder. All provisions of the Agreement not modified by this Amendment remain in full force and effect. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to constitute an original and all of which shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Whenever possible, each provision of this Amendment will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Amendment is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision will be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Amendment. 

signatures on following page 
 
 Page 2 of #NUM_PAGES# 

Exhibit 10.87(b) 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Cil have executed this Amendment as of the date first ser forth above. 
 
 JOSE E. CIL 
 
 Signature s Jose E. Cil 
 
 Print Name Jose E. Cil 
 BURGER KING COMPANY LLC 
 
 By s Jill Granat 
 
 Name Jill Granat 
 
 Title Assistant Secretary 

Page 3 of #NUM_PAGES# 

</EX-10.87(B)>

<EX-10.87(C)>
 9
 exhibit1087c-separationagr.htm
 EX-10.87(C)

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.87 (c) 
 
 February 13, 2023 

Strictly Private and Confidential Hand Delivered 
 
 Jose E. Cil 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Dear Jose 
 
 We confirm our recent discussion during which you were advised that your employment with Burger King Company LLC (the Company is being terminated, without cause, effective March 1, 2024 (the Separation Date ). 
 
 We refer you to the Employment and Post-Employment Covenants Agreement between the Company and you, dated as of January 23, 2019 (the Employment Agreement ), which will terminate at the close of business on the Separation Date. 
 
 From March 1, 2023 until the Separation Date, you will continue to work with the Company in a new role, as advisor to the Chief Executive Officer of Restaurant Brands International Inc. RBI ), during which time you shall have such duties and responsibilities as are consistent with this role as the Executive Chairman specifies from time to time. All compensation and benefits during the remaining term of your employment will be as set forth in the Employment Agreement, as amended. 
 
 This letter agreement (the Agreement sets out the separation benefits that we are prepared to provide you in connection with the termination of your employment with the Company, if you remain with the Company until the Separation Date. 
 
 1. SEPARATION BENEFITS . In exchange for the releases and covenants set out in this Agreement, we will provide you with the following payments and benefits (the Separation Benefits 
 
 (a) COBRA. As a result of your termination and in accordance with The Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act, as amended COBRA ), you will have the opportunity to continue medical, dental and vision coverage for you and your eligible dependents, based on your current benefit elections, on a temporary basis following the Separation Date, regardless of whether you execute this Agreement. Provided that this Agreement becomes fully effective and irrevocable within the applicable time period, and you elect COBRA continuation coverage within sixty (60) days of the Separation Date, you may continue such benefits coverage at the current active employee rate (the Employee Rate through September 30, 2025, subject to (i) your continuing to make your portion of the monthly premium payments to OneSource Virtual OSV ), and (ii) your continued eligibility under COBRA. Following the earlier of September 30, 2025, or the date you become ineligible for COBRA benefits, you will be responsible for all costs of continuing COBRA benefits coverage under the Company s plans. It is your affirmative responsibility to elect COBRA continuation coverage pursuant to the terms of the Company s COBRA notices provided separately to you by OSV. In the event you do not elect COBRA within sixty (60) days of the Separation Date, the Company will have no obligation to pay the difference between the Employee Rate 
 BURGER KING CORPORATION 
 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive Miami, Florida 33126 
 
 1 

and the cost of the full COBRA premiums, but you may still elect COBRA within the COBRA election period set forth in the Company s COBRA notice, as provided to you by OSV, as extended for the duration of the Outbreak Period defined in the May 4, 2020 Joint Notice, 85 FR 26351, at your own expense. 
 
 (b) Bonus Payment. You will not be eligible to participate in or receive any further bonus or incentive payments under the Company s Annual Bonus Program following the 2022 performance year (the Bonus Program ). 
 
 (c) Vacation Pay. You agree that prior to the Separation Date, you will utilize all of your accrued but unused vacation entitlement, in accordance with the terms of the Company s Vacation Policy. 
 
 (d) Equity Plan Benefits . The terms and conditions relating to the treatment of your options, restricted stock units or other equity awards in respect of the common stock of RBI, if any, following the termination of your employment are as described in the applicable RBI equity incentive plan(s), and the award agreements issued to you pursuant to such plan(s) (the Award Agreements ). A summary of the Award Agreements and applicable vesting is set forth on Schedule 1. All in information set forth in Schedule 1 is for informational purposes only, and in the event of a conflict between the information set forth in Schedule 1 and any of the Award Agreements, the applicable Award Agreement shall control. For the avoidance of doubt, the unvested portions of each equity award are automatically forfeited as of the Separation Date. Additionally, the exercise of options or sale of any common stock of RBI may be subject to pre-clearance from the Legal Department for a period of time following the Separation Date in accordance with RBI s Insider Trading Policy. 
 
 (e) Tax Equalization and Tax Preparation. The tax equalization and tax preparation obligations set forth in Section 6(a) and Section 6(b) of the Employment Agreement shall survive termination of the Employment Agreement, including but not limited to equalization for taxes assessed on exercises or settlements of employment-based equity compensation in respect of the common stock of RBI granted to you during the term of your employment with the Company or any of its affiliates. For the avoidance of doubt, the obligations set forth in Section 6(a) and 6(b) of the Employment Agreement shall continue through any tax year for which you must file an individual tax return in Canada as a result of your employment with the Company or any of its affiliates. 
 
 Except as specifically set out above, all other payments and benefits will cease as of the Separation Date. 
 
 2. PAYMENTS ACCORD AND SATISFACTION . 
 
 (a) All payments and benefits under this Agreement shall be subject to applicable tax and employment withholdings. You agree that you are responsible for all applicable taxes and contributions relating to the payments and benefits under this Agreement. You understand and agree that the Company is not providing you with any representations regarding tax obligations or consequences that may arise from this Agreement. Additionally, you agree that, other than as specifically set forth in this Agreement, you are not due any compensation or benefits, including without limitation, compensation 

for unpaid salary, unpaid bonus, commissions, severance, or accrued or unused vacation time or vacation pay, arising from or relating to your employment with the Company or any of its affiliates, or the termination of your employment. 
 
 (b) The Separation Benefits (and any other payments contemplated hereunder) will be made by the Company using direct deposit to your bank account using the information currently on file, unless you specifically advise the Company in writing that you do not want payments made via direct deposit or that a different account should be used. 
 
 (c) You further agree to authorize the Company to deduct from your Separation Benefits (to the extent applicable) any payments due for underpayment of medical, dental and or vision coverage incurred prior to the commencement of the Separation Benefits. 
 
 3. GENERAL RELEASE . As a condition of receiving the Separation Benefits, you, on your own behalf and on behalf of your successors, heirs, beneficiaries, agents, assigns, and representatives, voluntarily agree to waive and release the Company and its parents, subsidiaries, predecessors, affiliated entities, successors and assigns, together with each of those entities respective employee benefit plans and programs and the administrators and fiduciaries of such plans and programs, current and former owners, officers, directors, partners, employees, agents, representatives, fiduciaries, insurers and reinsurers and administrators, both individually or in their business capacity (collectively, the Releasees ), from any and all claims, demands, liens, agreements, contracts, covenants, actions, suits, causes of action, grievances, wages, vacation payments, severance payments, obligations, commissions, overtime payments, debts, profit sharing claims, expenses, damages, judgments, orders and liabilities of whatever kind or nature in state or federal law, equity or otherwise, whether known or unknown to you (collectively, the Claims ), which you now own or holds or have at any time owned or held as against Releasees, or any of them, including specifically but not exclusively and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any and all Claims known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected (1) arising out of your employment with the Company or termination of that employment (2) arising out of or in any way connected with any claim, loss, damage or injury whatsoever, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, resulting from any act or omission by or on the part of Releasees, or any of them, committed or omitted on or before the date this Agreement is executed by you and or (3) relating to the enforceability or reasonableness of the restrictions contained in Section 6 herein (including subparts) provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall affect your rights to enforce this Agreement or the indemnification obligations of the Company and its affiliates as set forth in Section 9 of this Agreement. Also, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you specifically release Releasees from any claim for attorneys fees. YOU ALSO SPECIFICALLY AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE WAIVING ANY RIGHT TO RECOVERY BASED ON LOCAL, STATE OR FEDERAL AGE, SEX, PREGNANCY, RACE, COLOR, NATIONAL ORIGIN, MARITAL STATUS, RELIGION, VETERAN STATUS, DISABILITY, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, MEDICAL CONDITION OR OTHER ANTI-DISCRIMINATION LAWS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TITLE VII OF THE CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1964, THE EQUAL PAY ACT, THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT (ADA), THE AGE DISCRIMINATION IN EMPLOYMENT ACT (ADEA), THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT (ERISA), THE WORKER ADJUSTMENT AND RETRAINING NOTIFICATION ACT (WARN), THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS ACT (NLRA), THE FAMILIES FIRST CORONAVIRUS RESPONSE ACT, THE CORONAVIRUS AID, RELIEF AND ECONOMIC SECURITY ACT, THE AMERICAN RESCUE RESPONSE PLAN ACT, AND ALL OTHER STATE LAWS, ALL AS AMENDED, WHETHER SUCH CLAIM BE BASED UPON AN ACTION FILED BY YOU OR BY A GOVERNMENTAL AGENCY. 

Notwithstanding your release of claims and confidentiality, non-disparagement, and cooperation obligations set forth in this Agreement, you retain the right to file a charge of alleged employment discrimination with the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), the Occupational Safety and Administration Board (OSHA), the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), or any other federal, state or local civil rights agency or to participate in the investigation of such charge filed by another person or to initiate or respond to communications with such government agencies however you waive all rights to share in any damages awarded under any class action, EEOC charge, or state civil rights agency complaint or as a result of any federal, state or local administrative agency action. 
 
 Additionally, nothing in this Agreement prohibits or restricts you from filing a charge or complaint with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), or any other securities regulatory agency or self-regulatory authority. You further understand that this Agreement does not limit your ability to communicate with any securities regulatory agency or authority or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any governmental agency in connection with reporting a possible securities law violation without notice to the Company. This Agreement does not limit your right to receive an award for information provided to the SEC staff or any other securities regulatory agency or authority. 
 
 As a condition of receiving the Separation Benefits, in the event that you execute this Agreement prior to the Separation Date, you must also execute the General Release attached as Schedule 2 to this Agreement on the Separation Date and return the signed original to Jill Granat, General Counsel, within two (2) business days from such date. 
 
 4. NO OTHER CLAIMS . You affirm that you 
 
 (a) are not a party to, and have not filed or caused to be filed, any claim, complaint, or action against any Releasees in any forum 
 
 (b) have been paid in full by the Company and its affiliates for all labor or services performed and for all vacation or paid time off owed to you 
 
 (c) have no known workplace injuries or occupational diseases and have been provided any and all leave requested under the Family and Medical Leave Act or related State or local leave or disability accommodation laws and 
 
 (d) you have not complained of, and are not aware of, any (i) significant violation of U.S. or Canadian securities laws or rules (ii) breach of the RBI Code of Business Ethics and Conduct or (iii) any other fraudulent activity or any act(s) which would form the basis of a claim of fraudulent or illegal activity by the Company, any of its affiliates or any of their respective officers and you have disclosed to the Company any information you have concerning any conduct involving the Company, any of its affiliates or any of their respective employees that you have any reason to believe may be unlawful. 
 
 5. NO ADMISSION OF WRONGDOING . By signing this Agreement, you agree that the Releasees do not admit any wrongdoing or violation of any law. The existence and execution of this 

Agreement shall not be considered, and shall not be admissible in any proceeding, as an admission by the Releasees of any liability, error, violation, or omission. 
 
 6. RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS. 
 
 (a) Covenants Agreement . Notwithstanding the cessation of your employment with the Company and in consideration of the payments and benefits set out in this Agreement, you represent and warrant that you have abided by and will continue to abide by all of the obligations set out in Sections 8 and 9 of each of the Employment Agreements, and additionally and for greater certainty, you confirm and agree that, the provisions of Section 8, including subsections (a), (b) and (c) thereof, and Section 9 of the Employment Agreement shall survive the termination of your employment and shall be enforceable following such termination in accordance with their terms. 
 
 (b) Non-Disparagement . You agree not to directly or indirectly take any actions or make any statements that criticize, ridicule, disparage or are otherwise derogatory to the Company or any of the Releasees or any of their respective products or services, advertising or marketing programs, financial status or businesses, or that damage or are intended to damage the Company or any of the Releasees in any of their respective business relationships, or encourage the making of such statement or the taking of such actions by someone else. 
 
 (c) Return of Property . You agree to return to the Company all property of the Company and its affiliates (including electronically stored information) by no later than the Separation Date. You agree that you will not retain any physical or electronic copies, duplicates, reproductions or excerpts of such material or documents. 
 
 (d) Franchisee Activities . In addition to, and not by way of limitation of, any of the covenants set forth elsewhere herein, you agree that you will not, whether on your own behalf or in conjunction with or on behalf of any other person, directly or indirectly, solicit, or assist in soliciting, offer, or entice, consult, provide advice or management or other services to, or otherwise be involved with an association or organization of franchisees operators with respect to the business or any other relationship that such franchisees operators have with the Company or any of its affiliates, including but not limited to any such organization or association that would act as an additional layer of negotiations between the Company or its affiliates and its franchisees operators. 
 
 (e) Equitable Relief . You acknowledge and agree that a breach by you of this Section 6 will be deemed a material breach of this Agreement and that remedies at law will be inadequate to protect the Company and its affiliates in the event of such breach, and, without prejudice to any other rights and remedies otherwise available to the Company, you agree to the granting in favour of the Company and or any of its affiliates as applicable of injunctive relief by a court of competent jurisdiction in connection with any such breach or violation without proof of irreparable harm, plus legal fees and costs to enforce these provisions. 
 
 (f) Tolling . If you violate any provision of this Section 6 during a specific time period in which you are prohibited from taking certain actions or from engaging in certain 

activities, as set forth in such provision, then, such violation shall toll the running of such time period from the date of such violation until such violation shall cease. 
 
 (g) Resignation upon Termination. Once signed by you, this Agreement represents your resignation, effective as of March 1, 2023, from all board and board committee memberships and other positions which you may hold with the Company, RBI their respective subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective charitable foundations, as applicable, other than as advisor to the Chief Executive Officer of RBI, as provided in this Agreement, through the Separation Date. You agree to execute and return to the Company, within two (2) business days following your execution of this Agreement, a letter separately naming all entities with which you hold such board, committee and other positions and confirming your resignation. 
 
 7. COOPERATION . You agree to cooperate with the Company, and the Company s agents and counsel, in connection with any legal matters, including but not limited to any litigation, arbitration, potential litigation or arbitration, investigation, inquiry, or other proceeding, including any regulatory or law enforcement investigation, inquiry, or proceeding. This cooperation obligation includes providing truthful information and or testimony, and meeting with the Company s agents or counsel at times and places that the Company may reasonably request. You agree that you are not entitled to any compensation or payment for any time spent to fulfill the cooperation obligations, other than reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out of pocket costs. 
 
 8. COMPANY S RIGHT OF SET-OFF . If you have any outstanding debt, obligation, or other liability representing an amount owing to the Company and or any of its affiliates at any time that you are entitled to payment of Separation Benefits under this Agreement, then the Company or its affiliates, to the extent permitted by applicable law, may offset such amount so owing against the unpaid balance of the Separation Benefits otherwise payable. 
 
 9. INDEMNIFICATION . The Company agrees that the indemnification obligations set forth in the Articles of the Company and the Bylaws of RBI shall survive termination of your employment with the Company and, subject to the limitations of the Company s indemnification obligations, the Company will advance all expenses incurred by you in connection with the defense, settlement, appeal, or satisfaction of a judgment of any proceeding or action to which you are a party (or are threatened to be made a party) arising out of your status, capacity or activities as an officer, director or employee of the Company or as an officer or employee of RBI, to the extent permitted under applicable law. Your right to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement is not exclusive of other rights you may have pursuant to any agreement with a third party by way of insurance, indemnification or otherwise. 
 
 10. ENTIRE AGREEMENT, MODIFICATIONS AND TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT . This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between the parties regarding the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes any and all prior representations, agreements, or understandings between the parties regarding the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except by a written agreement signed by both parties. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (including by electronic copy), each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. For the avoidance of doubt, any and all offer letters and employment agreements between you and the Company and or any of its affiliates, including the 

Employment Agreements, are terminated as of the Separation Date, and the Company and you waive any right to notice either of you may have thereunder. 
 
 11. REMEDIES AND TERMINATION OF SEVERANCE . 
 
 (a) Breach of this Agreement . In the event that you breach any of the terms of this Agreement, including but not limited to the restrictive covenants set out in Section 6 of this Agreement, such breach shall be a complete failure of consideration in favor of the Company and, accordingly, you will be liable, in addition to any other remedy the Company or its affiliates may have, to repay to the Company any and all amounts previously paid to you hereunder, except for any minimum statutory amounts to which you may be entitled. Furthermore, all payments contemplated hereunder but not yet made to you as of the time of such breach are subject to offset by the Company to compensate the Company for damage or loss suffered in the event that you breach any of the terms of this Agreement. Such remedies shall be in addition to any other remedies available to the Company at law or in equity as a result of your breach of this Agreement, including the Company s right to obtain a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other injunctive relief. The prevailing party in any action required to invoke this Agreement as a defense or enforce this Agreement will be entitled to the payment of legal fees and costs by the non-prevailing party. Any claim or counterclaim by the Company or any of its affiliates to enforce this Agreement shall not be deemed retaliatory. 
 
 (b) After-Acquired Cause . If, within the twelve (12) month period following the Separation Date, the Company determines in good faith that your employment could have been terminated for cause (as defined below), you understand and agree that the Company and its affiliates have the right to withhold payment of, and in such instance, you will forfeit, any unpaid portion of the Separation Benefits, and you shall be deemed to have been terminated for cause. You further agree that any portion(s) of the Separation Benefits paid to you to that point constitutes adequate and sufficient consideration for the promises you make in this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, the term for cause shall be defined to include (i) a material violation by you of any provision of the Employment Agreement (ii) a material violation by you of any of the Company s policies (iii) your willful misconduct or gross negligence that has caused or is reasonably expected to result in demonstrable injury to the business, reputation or prospects of the Company or any of its affiliates (iv) your fraud or misappropriation of funds or (v) the commission by you of an offense under any applicable criminal code or other serious crime involving moral turpitude. 
 
 12. GOVERNING LAW . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida. You agree that all services performed by you for the Company were done in the State of Florida. As such, any court action commenced to enforce or interpret this Agreement must be brought in the federal courts in Miami, Florida, and you acknowledge that you are subject to the jurisdiction of the federal courts of Miami-Dade County, the jurisdiction where you performed services for the Company during your entire employment. You consent to such court s exercise of personal jurisdiction over you and waive any objection to the jurisdiction or venue of the courts situated in Miami-Dade County. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any of the other terms and conditions contained in this Agreement. This Agreement may not be changed unless the changes are in writing and signed by you and a proper representative of the Company. 

13. ASSIGNMENT . This Agreement may be assigned by the Company with or without your consent and is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 
 
 14. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS . You acknowledge that you 
 
 (a) had at least 21 days to consider this Agreement before signing it 
 
 (b) have been advised by the Company to consult with an attorney of your choosing regarding the terms of this Agreement and whether to enter into this Agreement 
 
 (c) have carefully read and fully understand this Agreement s terms and conditions 
 
 (d) have entered into this Agreement voluntarily and have not been forced or pressured in any way to sign it 
 
 (e) KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY RELEASE the Releasees from any and all claims you may have, known or unknown, in exchange for the benefits you have obtained as of the date you sign this Agreement, and that these benefits are in addition to any benefit you would have otherwise received if you did not sign this Agreement 
 
 (f) have, through the General Release in this Agreement, WAIVED ALL RIGHTS AND CLAIMS that you may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (29 U.S.C. 621 et seq.), as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act and 
 
 (g) understand that for a period of seven days following the execution of this Agreement by you, you may revoke your acceptance of this Agreement. Notice of revocation of acceptance must be personally delivered or sent next day overnight delivery to the attention of Burger King Company LLC, Attn Jill Granat, General Counsel, at 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, Florida 33126 and must state, I hereby revoke my acceptance of my Agreement. If the last day of the revocation period is a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday recognized by the State of Florida, then such revocation period shall not expire until the next following day which is not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement that might otherwise be construed to the contrary, your post-employment restrictions under this Agreement shall supplement and not replace or eliminate any similar or overlapping restrictions you may be subject to under existing agreements you may have that concern the protection of confidential information and or trade secrets, assignment of inventions or other ownership rights concerning intellectual property (inventions, copyright eligible works, trademarks, or otherwise), and any other obligations. Your obligations under all such existing agreements, if any, apply, are expressly preserved and shall remain in effect to preserve and protect the legitimate business interests of the Company and its affiliates to the maximum extent allowed by law. 
 
 If you choose to accept the terms set forth in this Agreement , please sign below and return one signed copy of this Agreement to me . Please contact me regarding any inquiries or assistance you require. 

Sincerely, 
 Burger King Company LLC 
 
 s Jill Granat 
 
 Jill Granat 
 Assistant Secretary 
 
 I knowingly and voluntarily executed this Letter Agreement as of the date written below 
 
 Jose E. Cil 
 
 s Jose E. Cil 
 ________________________________ 
 Signature 
 
 February 13, 2023 
 ________________________________ 
 Date 

</EX-10.87(C)>

<EX-21.1>
 10
 qsr_20221231x10kxexhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 RESTAURANT BRANDS INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 Canada 
 1011778 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company 1011778 Subco Holdings ULC 1013414 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company 1013421 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company 1014369 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company 1019334 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company 1028539 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company 1029261 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company 1057772 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company 1112090 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company 1112097 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company 1112100 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company 1112104 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company 1112106 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company 12-2019 Holdings ULC 12KR Holdings ULC 12KRR Holdings ULC 12LP Subco Holdings ULC 12ZZ Holdings ULC 2097A Holdings ULC 2097AA Holdings ULC 2097B Holdings ULC 2097P Limited Partnership 8997896 Canada Inc. BC12 Limited Partnership BC12P Limited Partnership BC12Sub-Orange Holdings ULC BK Canada Service ULC Burger King Canada Holdings Inc. Firehouse Subs of Canada Ltd. GPAir Limited IPCO Limited Partnership IPCOA Holdings ULC IPCOAA Holdings ULC IPCOB Holdings ULC KR1 Holdings ULC KR3 Holdings ULC KR4 Holdings ULC KR5 Holdings ULC 

KR6 Holdings ULC KR7 Holdings ULC KR8 Holdings ULC KR9 Holdings ULC KR19TDL Holdings ULC LLCK Limited Partnership LLCK4 Limited Partnership LLCK5 Limited Partnership Lax Holdings ULC Lax Subco Holdings ULC Lax Subco 2 Holdings Inc. LDTA Holdings ULC LDTAA Holdings ULC LDTB Limited Partnership LDTC Holdings ULC Orange Group International, Inc. P2019 Limited Partnership PBB Holdings ULC Pie 1 Limited Partnership Pie 2 Limited Partnership Pie 3 Limited Partnership Pie 4 Limited Partnership PLK Enterprises of Canada, Inc. RB Crispy Chicken Holdings ULC RB Iced Capp Holdings ULC RB OCS Holdings ULC RB Timbit Holdings ULC RBH Midco Holdings ULC RBH Subco 4 Holdings ULC RBHZZ Holdings ULC RBIZZ Holdings ULC RBIZZZ Holdings ULC Restaurant Brands Holdings Corporation Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership TDLRR Subco Holdings ULC The TDL Group Corp. Groupe TDL Corporation Tim Hortons Advertising and Promotion Fund (Canada) Inc. Tim Hortons Canadian IP Holdings Corporation ZN1 Holdings ULC ZN3 Holdings ULC ZN4 Holdings ULC ZN5 Holdings ULC ZN6 Holdings ULC ZN7 Holdings ULC ZN8 Holdings ULC 

ZN9 Holdings ULC ZN19TDL Holdings ULC ZNA Holdings ULC ZNRBI Limited Partnership 
 
 Argentina 
 BK Argentina Servicios, S.A. 
 
 Brazil 
 Burger King do Brasil Assessoria a Restaurantes Ltda. 
 
 China 
 BK (Shanghai) Business Information Consulting Co., Ltd. 
 Burger King (Shanghai) Commercial Consulting Co. Ltd. 
 
 Germany 
 Burger King Beteiligungs GmbH 
 
 Luxembourg 
 Burger King (Luxembourg) S.a.r.l. 
 Burger King (Luxembourg) 2 S.a.r.l. 
 Burger King (Luxembourg) 2A S.a.r.l. 
 Burger King (Luxembourg) 3 S.a.r.l. 
 Burger King (Luxembourg) Holdings S.a.r.l. 
 Burger King (Luxembourg) Investments S.a.r.l. 
 Firehouse Subs Luxembourg S.a.r.l. 
 Orange Lux S.a.r.l. 
 TH Luxembourg S.a.r.l. 
 Restaurant Brands Lux S.a.r.l. 
 
 Mexico 
 Adminstracion de Comidas Rapidas, SA de CV 
 BK Comida Rapida, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 BK Servicios de Comida Rapida, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 Burger King Nederland Services B.V. 
 
 Singapore 
 Burger King APAC Holding Pte. Ltd. 
 BK AsiaPac, Pte. Ltd. 
 Firehouse Subs APAC Pte. Ltd. 
 PLK APAC Pte. Ltd. 
 Tim Hortons Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. 
 
 South Africa 
 Burger King South Africa Holdings (Pty) Ltd. 
 
 Switzerland 
 Burger King Europe GmbH 
 Firehouse Subs Europe GmbH 
 PLK Europe GmbH 
 Tim Hortons Restaurants International GmbH 

Restaurant Brands Switzerland GmbH 
 
 United Kingdom 
 BK (UK) Company Limited 
 BurgerKing Ltd. 
 Burger King (United Kingdom) Ltd. 
 Huckleberry s Ltd. 
 
 Uruguay 
 Jolick Trading, S.A. 
 
 U.S.A. 
 BCP US, LP BCP-sub, LLC BK Acquisition, Inc. BK Whopper Bar, LLC Blue Finance Holdings 1, LLC Blue Finance Holdings 2, LLC Blue Finance Holdings 2A, LLC Blue Holdco AKA8, LLC Burger King Capital Finance, Inc. Burger King Company LLC Burger King Interamerica, LLC Burger King International Holdings Company LLC Burger King International, Inc. Burger King Investments, Inc. Capital 94, LLC Firehouse of America, LLC FRG, LLC LLC-K A, LLC LLC-K B1, LLC LLC-K GP, LLC LLC-K4 A, LLC LLC-K4 B, LLC LLC-K4 GP, LLC LLC-K5 A, LLC LLC-K5 B, LLC LLC-K5 GP, LLC LLC-QQ, LLC LLC-QZ, LLC LLCXOX, LLC Meal Concepts, LLC New Red Finance Inc. North Pole Acquisition, LLC NPFH Holdco, LLC Orange Group, Inc. Orange Intermediate, LLC 

Popeyes Funding LLC Popeyes Holdco LLC Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Inc. Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Investment, LLC RB Kitchens, LLC Restaurant Brands International US Services LLC SBFD, LLC The Tim s National Advertising Program, Inc. Tim Donut U.S. Limited, Inc. Tim Hortons (New England), Inc. Tim Hortons USA Inc. WS Coinvest GP, Inc. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 qsr_20221231x10kxexhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-214217, 333-206712, 333-200997 and 333-226499) on Form S-8 and the registration statement (No. 333-262935) on Form S-3ASR of our reports dated February 22, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Restaurant Brands International Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 (signed) KPMG LLP 
 
 Miami, Florida 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 qsr_20221231xex-311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Jos E. Cil, certify that 
 1 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Restaurant Brands International Inc. 
 2 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Jos E. Cil Jos E. Cil Chief Executive Officer 
 Dated February 22, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 qsr_20221231xex-312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Matthew Dunnigan, certify that 
 1 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Restaurant Brands International Inc. 
 2 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s Matthew Dunnigan Matthew Dunnigan Chief Financial Officer 
 Dated February 22, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 qsr_20221231xex-321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Restaurant Brands International Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jos E. Cil, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Jos E. Cil Jos E. Cil Chief Executive Officer 
 Dated February 22, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 qsr_20221231xex-322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Restaurant Brands International Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Matthew Dunnigan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Matthew Dunnigan Matthew Dunnigan Chief Financial Officer 
 Dated February 22, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 qsr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 qsr-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 qsr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 qsr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 qsr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

