<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1622345_0001493152-23-010248.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6010978</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>359360</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1062979</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1994070</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1133642</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1298478</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010248.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160542
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010248
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Polar Power, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001622345
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				330479020
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37960
		FILM NUMBER:		23787541

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		249 E. GARDENA BOULEVARD
		CITY:			GARDENA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90248
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-830-9153

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		249 E. GARDENA BOULEVARD
		CITY:			GARDENA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90248

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010248.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to _____________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 
 (Nasdaq
 Capital Market) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 Accelerated Filer 
 Accelerated
 Filer 

Smaller
 Reporting Company 

Emerging
 Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second quarter was . 

The
number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s common stock, 0.0001 par value, as of March 31, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 None 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 16 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 33 

Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 
 33 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 
 33 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 33 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 34 

Item
 6. 
 [RESERVED]. 
 
 34 

Item
 7. 
 Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 34 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 44 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 44 

Item
 9. 
 Changes and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Finance Disclosure. 
 
 44 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 
 44 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 
 44 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 44 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 45 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 
 49 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 62 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 63 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Expenses. 
 
 65 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 66 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 66 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-1 

I 

FORWARD
LOOKING AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS 

All
statements included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, other than statements or characterizations of historical
fact, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Examples of forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements concerning projected net sales, costs and expenses and gross margins; our accounting estimates, assumptions
and judgments; the demand for our products; the effect and consequences of the novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, pandemic on matters including
U.S., local and foreign economies, wars and international conflicts including the current military actions involving the Russian Federation
and Ukraine, our business operations, the ability of financing and the health and productivity of our employees; the competitive nature
of and anticipated growth in our industry; production capacity and goals; our ability to consummate acquisitions and integrate their
operations successfully; and our prospective needs for additional capital. These forward-looking statements are based on our current
expectations, estimates, approximations and projections about our industry and business, management s beliefs, and certain assumptions
made by us, all of which are subject to change. Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as anticipates, 
 expects, intends, plans, predicts, believes, seeks, 
 estimates, may, will, should, would, could, potential, 
 continue, ongoing, similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. These statements are not
guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, our
actual results could differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors,
some of which are listed under Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking
statement for any reason, except as otherwise required by law. 

References
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to Polar, the Company, we, us, and our 
refer to Polar Power, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

FINANCIAL
PRESENTATION 

All
dollar amounts in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are presented in thousands, except share and per share data and where otherwise noted. 

ii 

PART
I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 

Overview 

We
design, manufacture, and sell DC power generators, renewable energy and cooling systems for applications primarily in the telecommunications
market and, to a lesser extent, in other markets, including military, electric vehicle, marine and industrial. We are continuously diversifying
our customer base and are selling our products into non-telecommunication markets and applications at an increasing rate. The changes
in customer diversity are reported in the financial section. 

Within
the various markets we service, our DC power systems provide reliable and low-cost DC power to service applications that do not have
access to the utility grid (i.e., prime power and mobile applications) or have critical power needs and cannot be without power in the
event of utility grid failure (i.e., back-up power applications). 

It s
more efficient to build power systems around the DC generator because it s simpler to integrate with battery storage and solar
photovoltaics which also operate on DC. Many applications in communications, water pumping, lighting, vehicle and vessel propulsion,
security systems operate on DC power only. Many micro-grids and energy storage are DC based and use inverters to convert the DC to AC. 

Serving
these various markets, we offer the following configurations of our DC power systems, with output power ranging from 5 kW to 50 kW: 

Base
 power systems . These stationary systems integrate a DC generator and automated controls with remote monitoring, which are
 typically contained within an environmentally regulated enclosure. 

Hybrid
 power systems . These systems incorporate lithium-ion batteries (or other advanced battery chemistries) with our proprietary
 battery management system into our standard DC power systems. 

DC
 solar hybrid power systems . These stationary systems incorporate photovoltaic and other sources of renewable energy into
 our DC hybrid power systems. 

Mobile
 power systems. These are very light weight and compact power systems used for EV charging, robotics, communications, security. 

Our
DC power systems are available in diesel, natural gas, LPG / propane and renewable fuel formats, with diesel, natural gas and propane
gas being the predominant formats. 

We
were incorporated in 1979 in the State of Washington as Polar Products, Inc., and in 1991 we reincorporated in the State of California
under the name Polar Power, Inc. In December 2016, Polar Power, Inc. reincorporated in the State of Delaware. Our internet website address
is https://polarpower.com/. 

Recent
Business Events 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted business and industries all over the world since March 2020. The pandemic has had a significant
negative impact on our overall operations including revenues, productivity, gross margins and liquidity. The pandemic has resulted in
labor shortages, disruptions in the chain of supply, and higher material costs. During 2022, supply chain constraints that affected timely
delivery of raw materials required to complete our DC power systems and labor shortages resulted in approximately 3,500 of expected
shipments to be postponed to the first half of 2023. We believe that Covid-19 will be an ongoing challenge for years to come and to adapt
will require us to further globalize our vendors, engineering, and customers. 

In
April and May of 2022, we received purchase orders totaling 6.2 million from a telecommunications customer in the South Pacific Islands
for our DC power generators for off-grid applications. This order is part of a growing program to develop broadband services in the South
Pacific region. During 2022, 59 of the order was shipped and included in net sales in the statements of operation in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. The remaining 41 is expected to ship in the first half of 2023. 

In
September 2022, we renewed our master service agreement with our largest customer. The agreement included price adjustments to our products
which we believe will help offset the effects of inflation and improve our gross margins. During 2022, 66 of our total net sales were
derived from our largest customer, compared to 67 in 2021. 

In
November 2022, we received purchase orders from another customer in the South Pacific region totaling 1.1 million for our solar hybrid
power systems. Our solar hybrid power systems, which integrate solar energy storage with natural gas/LPG (propane) powered generators,
are ideal for off-grid (i.e., areas where wireless towers are not connected to an electrical grid) and bad-grid (i.e., areas where wireless
towers are connected to an electrical grid that loses power for more than eight hours) applications. 

We
also continue to work on diversifying our customer base and are selling into non-telecommunication markets and applications at an increasing
rate. In March 2022, we received EPA certification on our 4Y Toyota engine project aimed at expanding the power range to 35 kW on natural
gas and LPG. Polar s EPA certification of 1KS and 4Y Toyota engines brings to the market (non-diesel) engines with very low maintenance
and high fuel efficiency. In addition to meeting the telecommunications need for larger and more compact generators our larger models
have high interest from micro-grids, peak power shaving, and EV charging. 

We
believe military actions of the Russian Federation and its invasion of Ukraine have added considerable to our shipping costs due to diesel
fuel costs. However, we believe the resulting geopolitical uncertainty should increase our military contracts. 

The
implementation of 5G networks by Tier-1 telecommunication customers in the U.S. has also resulted in a significant increase in orders
of our DC power systems. Approximately 72 of our net sales during 2022 were of our DC power systems to support 5G networks and 47 of
our backlog as of December 31, 2022 are purchase orders of our of DC power systems to support 5G networks. 

Our
growing backlog and shipments have demonstrated that our customers are viable and moving forward with orders. The headwind to a more
rapid sales growth is a labor and supply chain issue. We anticipate that our component suppliers will normalize their backlogs sometime
during the 4 th quarter in 2023. In the meantime, our strategy will be to maintain large inventories of engines and electronic
components to offset disruptions. 

Our
sales backlog as of December 31, 2022, was 12,001, with 47 of that amount being attributable to our largest U.S. telecommunications
customer, 16 represented purchases from other telecommunications customers in the U.S., 32 represented
purchases from telecommunications customers outside the U.S., 1 represented purchase from customers in the marine industry, 1 
represented purchases from customers in the military markets, and 3 represented purchases from customer in other markets. 

1 

For
the three-year period prior to the pandemic, we experienced high double-digit sales growth which resulted in us making strategic investments
to increase our production capacity to 50 million annual revenue through an increase in plant space and the addition of automation equipment.
The unanticipated drop in sales during in the first three years after the pandemic caused a disproportionate distribution of fixed and
semi-fixed overhead costs across much lower revenues. During 2022, labor shortages and supply chain constrains caused a decrease in product
shipments resulting in an increase in our cost of sales as a percentage of total net sales. This was primarily because of decreased labor
efficiencies and decreased absorption of manufacturing overhead resulting from lower volume in net sales. We believe our investments
in state-of the-art equipment, additions to manufacturing plant space, and employee training will yield improvements in our gross margins
as sales volumes increase and as the economy normalizes from the impact of the pandemic and other known and unknown factors affecting
the global economy. 

Markets 

We
primarily operate within the telecommunications market and, to a lesser extent, in other markets, including military, electric vehicle
charging, marine and industrial. We are continuously diversifying our customer base and are selling our products into non-telecommunication
markets and applications at an increasing rate. 

Telecommunications 

We
provide power generation equipment for the telecommunications markets. Our equipment provides backup power to grid connected mobile tower
sites during power outages resulting from severe weather like hurricanes, wildfires, and floods. Most telecommunications towers are equipped
with battery backup for short term power outages. Our DC power generators are installed to address longer-term disruptions in power.
We also deliver products that provide prime power for off-grid telecommunications tower sites installed in remote and rural areas where
reliability of the power grid is suspect. Since 2012, the telecommunications market is our largest market segment and has contributed
over 87 of our annual revenues. 

Since
2012, we developed products and configurations that target telecommunications applications with key features like high fuel efficiency,
light weight and compact design when compared to our competitors products. These features allow our telecommunications customers
to install equipment requiring a smaller footprint on building roof tops and compact commercial sites while also requiring less fuel
storage due to the fuel efficiency of our products. In the past eight years, we have gained approval and certifications from four top
Tier-1 telecommunications operators in the U.S. market. With over 90 of the world s telecommunication towers located in non-U.S.
territories, we decided to establish international sales offices in Poland, Romania, Australia, U.A.E., Dominican Republic and South
Africa to provide long term growth. In 2017, we began investments into international markets and have recorded a steady increase in sales
every year since. 

2 

In
the U.S. market, over 95 of the telecommunications towers are connected to a power grid, thereby only requiring backup power generation
in equipment in case of an emergency loss of power, while in the emerging markets of Africa and Asia, a significant percentage of telecommunications
towers are not connected to the grid thereby requiring fuel-efficient prime power equipment to provide power by charging the batteries.
Most prime power sites also require integration with solar and storage batteries to utilize renewable energy during the day while generators
and batteries provide power during nights and/or on cloudy days. In the U.S., telecommunications companies have focused their efforts
on adding generators to provide backup power at existing sites, while in the international market telecommunications companies are in
expansion phase of adding new sites to the infrastructure to provide coverage in rural and remote areas. 

During
2019, the telecommunications infrastructure in the U.S. and other developed nations was known to have sufficient capacity to satisfy
the needs of average smart phone users. However, the advent of 5G technology has resulted in a digital revolution within both the commercial
and consumer sectors leading to an exponential increase in data usage. We believe that the need for backup power equipment in the telecommunications
services industry which consists of digital infrastructure (e.g., fiber, telecommunications towers, active networks and data centers),
operators (e.g., mobile and fixed broadband, data centers and cloud computing) and applications (e.g., broadband connections, telephones,
video streaming and e-commerce), holds promising growth opportunities as 5G use expands in the near and long term. 

The
next generation of wireless network capabilities offer potential revolutionary applications far beyond smart phones and mobile devices.
The 5G mobile network is intended to converge connectivity, intelligent edge and Internet of Things (IoT) technologies which is expected
to result in an increase in telecommunications tower sites in both the U.S. and abroad. In the near term, 5G will deliver broadband-like
services such as high-definition streaming video to a cell phone. Businesses will benefit from using 5G for data monitoring and cloud-native
5G networks to compute and store data locally. All of these applications dramatically scale up data usage which requires an increase
in infrastructure and an increase in power and backup generators. 

The
pervasiveness of 5G, including reliance by users on, among other things, local weather, traffic conditions, self-driving vehicles, wearable
health monitoring devices that automatically informs doctors, stores automatically ordering items sold on virtual carts, farmers automated
irrigation system with tracking sensors, will require robust backup equipment at telecommunications sites. We believe higher data usage
will require higher reliability backup systems that are fuel efficient and are located in proximity to the point of use. In urban environments,
roof-top space, weight of the equipment and the amount of fuel storage are critical factors in the selection of backup equipment. As
one of the leading providers of DC power generation equipment, we have demonstrated these benefits to telecommunications providers for
decades and we are therefore encouraged with the prospect of infrastructure expansion in this space that requires fuel efficient and
lower emission power generation equipment. 

Military 

Since
1979, we have been developing and marketing products to the U.S. military and large defense contractors in the U.S. and international
markets. The need for low voltage DC power generation systems are vital for military operations and commonly used to charge storage batteries,
provide backup emergency power, or provide startup power for aircrafts or weapon systems. During the past decade, digitization of the
military accelerated exponentially to support modern information, communication, and weapon systems. The need to process information
rapidly has led to digitization of command, control, communications, computers and intelligence across both combat support and service
support. This expansion in data transfer and storage has led to an increase in energy needs, which requires efficient power generation
equipment that can charge batteries or directly power these systems. 

3 

A
digitized battlefield includes sensors, information processing, data distribution, electronic countermeasures, all requiring with few
exceptions, 28 volts DC or 48 volts energy at point of use. Our DC generators designed for military applications provide: 

enhanced
 mobility, reliability and maintainability; 

improved
 fuel efficiency; 

reduced
 system size and weight; 

reduced
 infrared and acoustic signatures; 

increased
 survivability in rugged combat operations; and 

reduced
 total cost of ownership. 

In
2016, the military began the Advanced Medium Mobile Power Sources, or AMMPS, a U.S. Department of Defense program to develop and deliver
5 kW-50 kW output ranging generators in either a skid, trailer mounted, or microgrid configurations to replace legacy standalone AC generators.
The new generation of mobile power generators combined with solar and wind power can function as sustainable sources of DC and AC power
in remote areas. The new generation of AMMPS power systems are required to provide 21 higher fuel efficiency, lower noise, weight, 90 
reliability and be capable of performing in extreme environments. During 2020, we directly and jointly partnered with defense contractors,
provided DC hybrid power systems, with integrated controls providing higher fuel efficiency than legacy AC generators currently in use. 

Improvements
in sensors, navigation and communication technologies have led to increased integration of situational awareness systems that allow all
combat assets to communicate and coordinate both defensive and offensive efforts during combat. In earlier combat vehicle designs, these
surveillance systems were powered by the main auxiliary vehicle battery, which required the vehicle s main engine to continue operating
to power auxiliary battery systems. A decade ago, we began delivering compact 3 kW 15 kW DC auxiliary batteries to power these
communication and reconnaissance systems thereby improving fuel efficiency of the combat and vehicles when deployed. During the decade
we have delivered several configurations of these auxiliary power units to the military, which vary in function from battery charging
to supplying power to weapon systems. 

We
are currently in the process of development of next-generation higher output power DC power system. After conclusion of the testing of
this higher power DC power system, we plan to introduce a configuration of this product to the residential and commercial microgrid market
in emerging markets. We believe 50 kW standalone DC power system, powered by natural gas or LPG would be ideal for rural communities
in emerging markets such as Africa and Asia. The capacity of 50 kW is sufficiently large enough to power a small rural hospital, dairy
farm and a cluster of houses in a small village. The ease of connecting our DC power system with solar, battery packs or any other source
of energy like wind can introduce a sustainable cost-effective solution in emerging markets. 

The
50 kW generator can also provide roadside emergency charging services for electric vehicles. 

Electric
Vehicle Charging 

According
to Precedence Research, a market research company, the global electric vehicle market size accounted for USD 205.58 billion in 2022 and
is expected to reach USD 1,716.83 billion by 2032, growing at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 23.1 during the forecast period
2023 to 2032. The primary growth factors driven by significant number of government incentives such as tax rebates, subsidies, and grants.
This increase will require more than 29 million additional charging stations globally to support the cumulative growth of electric vehicles.
The global electric vehicle charging station market is poised to grow at a CAGR of 31.5 from 2022 to 2030. 

A
2018 article by McKinsey Company entitled The potential impact of electric vehicles on global energy systems 
stated that although a modest increase in electric vehicle sales of 5 will not lead to a shortage in electricity since most new capacity
can be delivered by renewables like solar, wind, and gas-powered generation. This modest increase in sales may have a significant impact
on peak loads, especially in concentration points of electric vehicle charging and during the evening peak times when most electric vehicle
users connect their vehicles for charging. The report claims unmanaged peak load increases due to electric vehicle charging will require
increases in costly sub-station upgrades. We believe that the more cost-effective option will be investing into battery storage at the
utility level to manage the peak loads or flexible electricity costs for electric vehicle charging to discourage peak load charging. 

4 

Regardless
of how the peak charging issue is resolved, most homes have not been designed to allow for fast charging of electric vehicles. In order
to address this issue, in 2020 we completed the design of our natural gas-powered electric vehicle charger and backup generator. Our
electric vehicle chargers, being independent of the grid, are designed to automatically fast charge connected electric vehicles at home
on a daily basis while providing backup power during power outages. In addition, the heat generated while charging is captured and delivered
to heat the home, heat water for laundry, or heat the pool. 

Our
electric vehicle charger was initially designed in 2009 as a diesel-fueled mobile charger for EV manufacturers to aid in testing their
vehicles in the field. We have supplied these mobile chargers to five of the leading automakers in the USA. We are presently improving
this product by replacing the diesel engine with a heavy duty 60,000-hour plus lifetime Toyota natural gas or propane engine. This product
targets residential customers that own or are expected to own electric vehicles. 

With
the anticipated stress on utility grids due to an increase in the number of electric vehicles that require charging, combined with the
fact that most homes are unable to provide fast charging, we believe that an independent natural gas-powered electric vehicle charger
would be ideal and cost effective. Currently, many electric vehicle owners exceed the base power usage at home resulting in peak hour
usage penalties which diminishes anticipated cost savings of using electric vehicles. Our residential natural gas-powered EV charger
eliminates these costs while also providing backup power in case of emergencies. 

The
benefits of fast charging with a natural gas generator, as opposed to using the electric grid, includes avoids peak rate charges, a reduced
carbon footprint and the opportunity to provide heating and air conditioning, through combined heat and power or CHP systems that utilize
waste heat from the generator/charger which we believe is a compelling market opportunity for our new product. 

Residential
and Commercial Power Mini-Grid 

Increased
use of electricity worldwide is directly related to humanity s improvement in the quality of life. Increased global urbanization
has resulted in many governments investing in power plants and providing infrastructure to satisfy the growing demand for electricity.
Similar needs of the rural populations have been largely ignored worldwide due to the isolation, low density and population spread over
vast areas resulting in an increased cost of infrastructure. Even in rural areas where the infrastructure was built to deliver electricity,
frequent blackout and infrastructure failures are commonplace and often not repaired for long periods. 

According
to recent World Bank data, approximately 733 million, 9 , of the world s population still lack electricity compared to 25 in 1994.
While 42 of the world s population still lives in rural areas, about 12 of those living in rural areas lack electricity. Approximately
69 of the population living without electricity are in sub-Saharan Africa while approximately 29 are located in South Asia and 2 in
other areas. 

During
the past decade, developments in renewable energy and battery storage have provided an alternate method to resolve this energy inequity
between rural and urban populations worldwide. However, due to weather and costs of such systems and technologies are still at an early
stage of mass adoption. We envision a hybrid system with natural gas or LPG integrated with a solar and battery system to generate power
during peaks and valleys of demand that we believe would be more cost effective and reliable than the current systems in place. These
 Mini-Grid hybrid systems would generate between 5kW 25kW of power on 24/7 basis and provide electricity for a small
housing unit, commercial facility or a school building. 

Our
Mini-Grid system uses natural gas or LPG as primary fuel source, the same fuel as cooking fuel in rural and remote regions worldwide.
For decades, many governments have been allocating resources to eliminate solid fuels like wood, solid waste as cooking fuels from rural
and remote communities. Significant progress has been made by providing economic subsidies for use of natural gas or LPG as cooking fuel
to reduce pollution. In 2017, we established sales offices near the emerging growth countries of Australia and U.A.E. setup to develop
strategic alliances with distributors to promote our residential solutions to communities living in bad-grid and off-grid areas. 

5 

Our
Competitive Strengths 

We
have over a 40-year history and have developed a reputation as a proven supplier of reliable and advanced proprietary technology products
to customers within the telecommunications, military, commercial, industrial and marine markets. We have invested significant capital
and engineering expertise to develop power generation systems that are environmentally friendly and fuel-efficient. We further believe
our success will be based on the following key competitive strengths: 

Proprietary
 Technologies. Our decades of research and development has led to the development of DC power systems with output ranging
 from 5 kW 50 kW. Our DC power systems integrates our proprietary DC alternator with electronic controls to monitor and control
 the power being outputted to the equipment, which is then coupled to an engine assembly and cooling systems. Our DC power system
 output voltage can be configured between 12 V 800 VDC to match the precise application needs (e.g., telecom equipment, robotic
 propulsion drives, electric drives for marine vessels, electric vehicle chargers, etc.). Over the past decades we have developed
 proprietary charge algorithms for most commercially available batteries and match charge algorithms to battery model or chemistry
 prior to initiating a charge cycle. Unlike AC power systems, our DC power systems are directly connected to the battery source and
 therefore optimized for efficiently and safely charging a particular battery chemistry. AC power systems are indirectly connected
 to commercially available battery chargers that convert the AC output to DC voltage making it less efficient, higher in cost, and
 require considerably more space. 

Engineering
 Expertise. Over the past four decades we have strategically constructed a product portfolio that focuses on improving energy
 efficiency by developing DC power output-based equipment where all major components and technologies are developed in-house, and
 proprietary manufacturing processes created in-house to ensure product reliability and long life. Our leading competitors approached
 the need for DC equipment in the telecom, military, and industrial markets by modifying legacy AC generators with conversion equipment
 resulting in significantly lower efficiency when compared to DC power systems. Being one of the first companies to develop DC generators
 for telecommunications, we developed proprietary components ranging from alternators, control systems and charging algorithms for
 various battery chemistries. We have focused on providing the lowest cost of ownership with demonstrated long life of our equipment
 during the past thirty years. Lowest cost of ownership is complemented with the best fuel economy, best in class weather resistance
 provided by aluminum enclosures and customized algorithms matching battery chemistries and operational profiles. 

Manufacturing
 Competitiveness. We believe that our vertical integration approach to manufacturing lowers our production costs and improves
 our overall operational efficiency. In addition, vertically integrated manufacturing of our proprietary technologies such as DC alternators,
 charge controls and battery management systems, provides us with a greater control and protection over our intellectual property.
 We believe our modular approach to manufacturing provides us with the lowest manufacturing costs for our proprietary technologies
 while giving us the ability to deliver customized solutions to our Tier-1 wireless telecommunications customers. 

Strong
 Customer Base. Our customer base consists of large telecommunications companies, military sub-contractors and industrial
 companies. Tier-1 telecommunications customers have represented 62 to 91 of our aggregated sales for the past five years. Initial
 demand of our products by telecommunications customers was primarily based on the need to provide backup power during electricity
 outages and for off grid remote locations. While our competitors provided and continue to provide legacy AC generators with DC conversion
 devices, we elected to invest significant time and capital in the research and development of products with a lowest cost of ownership.
 Certification of our products by Tier-1 telecommunications customers was time intensive and takes upwards of three years of field
 trials to receive final product acceptance. This thorough approach to vendor selection reduces the number of vendors selected by
 our telecommunications customers and has dramatically reduced the number of competitors in the U.S. markets. Currently, a significant
 percentage of our U.S. sales are to national Tier-1 telecommunications providers with multiple facilities. Since 2021, we increased
 our efforts to diversify our sales efforts to include Tier-2 telecommunications customers, off-grid remote area products and residential
 charging. In the international markets, our customers are regional Tier-1 telecommunications providers. We have established sales
 offices in emerging markets like U.A.E., Australia, Poland and the Dominican Republic. Our sales team directly markets to Tier-1
 telecommunications companies in their regions. 

6 

Experienced
 Management Team. Our Chief Executive Officer and key engineers combined have over 100 years of engineering and production
 experience in the design and manufacturing of power systems. Our engineers have equipment design experience, as well as hands-on
 skills to build prototypes. A key factor demonstrating our management s abilities and our engineering aptitude can be found
 in our successful track record over the last 25 years of executing research, design and engineering contracts, with an average of
 four projects per year. 

Business
Strategy 

For
the past three decades we have been promoting the use of DC power systems where DC power is the primary power in use. The telecommunications
tower application is the largest user of DC power, in both grid and off-grid connected sites. Furthermore, we believe that the growth
in wireless telecommunications infrastructure in the U.S. and international markets has led to a rapid rise in the need for DC backup
power systems. 

With
over 40 years of experience and reputation within the DC power systems market, we are working to increase awareness, availability and
affordability of more efficient DC-based products as a backup power and charging sources within the telecommunications industry. Because
of the increased power outages during emergencies and natural disasters, existing and new wireless installations need to be upgraded
to provide reliable operations during times of emergency. The primary elements of our business strategy include: 

Further
 develop U.S. mobile telecommunications market. We continue to invest capital into our sales and marketing efforts to demonstrate
 our DC power systems to the top Tier-1 wireless telecommunications providers and more than 500 small wireless and cable operators
 in the U.S. Our goal is to further diversify our customer base. We believe the rapid transition towards 5G will result in an increase
 in demand for back-up power generators and that our new LPG / natural gas DC power systems will allow us to better compete on an
 economic basis with our competitors that provide AC power systems. 

Expand
 global sales to bad-grid or off-grid markets. The increase in telecommunications subscriber base in rural and remote areas
 in emerging countries has increased the deployment of telecommunications sites in off-grid and bad-grid areas. During 2022, approximately
 72 of our DC power systems sales were to U.S. telecommunications customers, which we believe represents only 4.7 of the total global
 telecommunications market. We believe that the lack of a stable electric infrastructure in rural regions of many developing nations
 provides significant opportunity for our products in both off-grid and bad-grid location. During 2022, we demonstrated our products
 to several prospects in need of off-grid and/or bad-grid solutions which resulted in several initial orders. 

Further
 develop our new LPG and natural gas DC power systems. With the increased growth in off-grid and bad-grid telecommunications
 sites, emissions generated by telecommunications towers is beginning to be a major contributor of pollution and greenhouse gases.
 Since 2019, we have developed lower emission LPG and natural gas DC power generators for use in rural off-grid and bad-grid sites.
 We initiated this development by partnering with world s largest natural gas engine manufacturer, Toyota Engines, located in
 Japan. Subsequently, we integrated engine control systems utilizing control technology from Bosch, located in Germany, and concluded
 by receiving certification from the EPA in December 2019 to sell our new product in all 50 states in the U.S. Upon certification,
 we began marketing this low emission natural gas solution to telecommunications customers worldwide and in the midst of the COVID-19
 pandemic we secured several orders for natural gas configured backup and prime power applications. During 2020, we began shipments
 of our DC natural gas generators to several domestic and international Tier-1 telecommunications customers. In 2023, we plan to expand
 our sales and service network for our natural gas generators, targeting residential and telecommunications customers in the U.S.
 while also targeting Tier-1 telecommunications customers in emerging nations with solar hybrid natural gas generators for off-grid
 markets. 

7 

Expand
 renewable solar energy product offerings . Developing regions like Africa, South East Asia and Latin America lack an electric
 utility infrastructure to support the installation of grid connected telecommunications towers in remote areas. Due to these challenges,
 telecommunications companies are installing hybrid power generation systems that consist of solar panels, batteries and fossil fuel
 powered generators. Installing fuel inefficient generators combined with solar and batteries without any integration is proving to
 be cost prohibitive. Several local government programs to subsidize the adoption of solar and battery storage along with generators
 in off-grid telecommunications towers have failed due to lack of quality components and integration. We believe our hybrid systems
 using natural gas fuel powered generators integrated with solar and battery storage offer an ideal solution for this market. 

Our
Technologies 

Starting
in 1979, Polar began manufacturing and exporting solar PV vaccine refrigerator/freezers as part of the WHO Cold Chain projects. We developed
solar refrigeration and air conditioning systems that operated directly with DC batteries, along with solar photovoltaic charge controls.
Our DC power and refrigeration technologies drew the attention of various military projects. We manufactured packaged remote home power
systems for Arizona Public Service who in turn provided them to remote customers. The use of remote home power systems drew our attention
to the need for DC generator sets. 

In
the early 1990 s, we began introducing DC generators to provide backup and prime power for off-grid and bad-grid applications.
Our initial products were predominantly designed for military applications and used as auxiliary power for vehicles, battlefield tanks
and radar sites. In the late 1990s, we introduced our DC power systems for commercial applications like mobile telecommunications towers,
solar refrigerators and oil field applications. 

We
introduced our 6200 PMHH alternator, which combines the attributes of homopolar alternator technology with a permanent magnet. When mounted
on an engine and operated at either a fixed or variable speed, the model 6200 PMHH generates a precise amount of regulated voltage and
current. The DC output can then be used to power electronics or charge batteries. 

We
developed our own proprietary DC alternator to improve system efficiency, reduce costs and lower weight. Our design replaced a conventional
4-pole, three-phase designs with a light weight, low cost 12-pole incorporating either 6 or 3 phases. Another unique aspect of the design
of our DC alternators is the elimination of bearings, internal wiring connections, and an exciter (i.e., a device which supplies the
magnetizing current to generate working flux) to provide a longer life cycle than conventional motor designs in the marketplace. 

In
2006, we introduced our next generation 8000 Series alternators designed for higher power and voltage applications, which features our
proprietary 32-pole permanent magnet alternator technology. The 8000 Series offers high efficiency at a lower cost while integrating
our proprietary digital control system, Supra Controller , that manages and optimizes alternator output. Our Supra Controller 
networks all components via CAN bus communications and software and has the ability to control, analyze, monitor, record and communicate
all key system parameters to ensure efficiency, safety and reliability of the overall system. The ability to remotely monitor and calibrate
each system parameter, receive system alarms and auto-reset the system when a fault is corrected are the key differentiating factors
of our DC power systems. 

In
telecommunications tower backup applications, backup generators are used to provide power during grid outages or to charge batteries
to provide longer run times during emergencies. Due to battery costs and availability issues, many telecommunications providers are known
to use various types of chemistries or capacities as storage sources. During the past decade, we have successfully integrated various
battery chemistry charge algorithms into our Supra Controller software. 

In
2011, we added charge algorithms for various lithium battery chemistries and integrated our proprietary battery management system, or
BMS, with our Supra Controller software. In 2013, we further expanded the integration of storage and renewable energy such as
solar and wind into our Supra Controller software resulting in the shipment of twenty off-grid telecommunications tower power
systems to Australia. 

8 

In
2017 and 2018, we demonstrated our DC hybrid power systems to telecommunications providers in South East Asia and Africa. We believe
that the integration of renewable energy and storage batteries are ideal for off-grid remote locations in rural areas worldwide. During
2023, we plan to continue our research and development efforts to further enhance these integrations for remote telecommunications towers
in South East Asia and Africa. 

In
2018, we developed our next generation BMS that enhances our current technology to more accurately measure, monitor, control and integrate
battery performance data with our Supra Controller . In addition, we enhanced the user interface to allow us the ability to update
or develop new charging algorithms in the field which can be remotely programmed or uploaded. 

In
2018, we introduced our Toyota natural gas / propane engine across our product line. The Toyota product is a more advanced engine used
in heat pump applications. We have negotiated a supply agreement with Toyota for the engine and with Bosch for the ignition control.
In December 2019, we received our certificate of conformity from the EPA. These new generators provide power outputs between 5 kW to
15 kW and incorporate a 60,000- to 90,000-hour life engine with our proprietary control system. We are presently marketing these stationary
generators within the telecommunications, commercial and residential markets. 

In
2021, we began development of a higher power natural gas-powered DC backup power system utilizing larger engines and improved emission
control systems. The implementation of 5G networks by Tier-1 telecommunication customers currently have significantly higher power requirements
at cell sites than the previous 4G networks. In addition, use of 5G technology in IoT, video streaming, and data analytics applications
requires cell sites to be operational 100 of the time which, in turn, increases the demand for reliable and fuel-efficient power generation
backup systems. We believe increased power usage of 5G networks and higher fuel prices enhances market opportunities for our fuel-efficient
DC power systems as compared to lower efficiency AC power systems. In March 2022, we received our EPA certification on our 4Y Toyota
engine, which is a larger engine model for used on our 20 to 30 kW DC power systems. We believe being an approved supplier for the three
largest Tier-1 telecommunication providers in the U.S. provides us with additional growth opportunities during the current rapid 5G expansion
in the largest urban centers in the U.S. 

Products
and Services 

DC
Base Power Systems 

Our
DC base power systems are designed for use in prime power and backup power applications. All of our DC power systems are designed to
last 20 years or more in backup applications and meet all UL2200 standards. To maximize operational life, we incorporate (over and above
our competition) the following: 

all
 aluminum, powder coated, enclosure with stainless hardware, which is lightweight and corrosion resistant; 

105
 C rated signal wire, tinned copper strands; 

stainless
 steel braided covering hoses for fuel and coolant lines; 

Class
 220 C magnet wire for alternator windings; 

watertight
 connectors in place of terminal strips and other non-sealed connectors; and 

our
 proprietary Supra Controller modules that are environmentally sealed. 

We
believe that the number one reliability issue with a generator set is the failure to start. To improve the reliability of our generators,
we remove the engine s starting battery and replace it with a super capacitor. The super capacitor has a 15- to 20-year service
life, greater cold cranking amps and withstands greater temperature extremes than conventional starting batteries. 

9 

To
reduce maintenance and help ensure that there is always adequate oil, we increase the engine s oil capacity to provide for a 4,300-hour
(natural gas / propane) or 1,500-hour (diesel) maintenance interval. Standard oil intervals for typical generators range from 200 to
500 hours. 

DC
Hybrid Power Systems 

In
most off-grid or bad-grid outdoor applications where DC loads are required, such as telecommunications towers in rural or remote areas,
generator fuel cost can account for more than 60 of the total operating costs. 

In
most backup applications, such as telecommunications and uninterruptable power supply systems, lead acid batteries are used for providing
transitional power prior to the backup generator start-up. In most of our prime power applications (including telecommunications) the
goal is to reduce maintenance and fuel costs. Our Supra Controller automatically cycles the generator off when the loads are small
and cycles it on again when the load increases or the battery charge is depleted. This cycling reduces engine maintenance and saves significant
quantities of fuel. 

Additional
fuel savings are realized by using lithium-ion batteries in place of lead acid batteries. Lead acid batteries, when compared with lithium-ion
batteries, have high internal resistance, are inherently inefficient during charging or discharging in cyclic load applications and therefore
require longer to charge, resulting in higher fuel costs. In 2011, we completed the design and testing of a hybrid power system, where
our DC power system was integrated with lithium-ion batteries to provide a longer life and higher fuel efficiency for cyclic DC power
applications such as telecommunications towers. In 2019, we implemented our next generation BMS for our lithium battery storage system.
This next generation BMS enhances battery charging accuracy, integrates with engine controls and provides additional protection for the
lithium batteries. 

Our
DC hybrid power systems can monitor the charge/discharge cycle of various battery chemistries, including lithium-ion and lead acid batteries.
Our Supra Controller system incorporates a CAN bus communications capability that provides communication and control between the
battery and the DC hybrid power system. Each cell in the battery pack is individually monitored for voltage and temperature, ensuring
the safety and longevity of the battery bank. These power systems include enclosures, a lithium-ion battery pack, our proprietary BMS
and our proprietary Supra Controller system that controls engine output, battery charging algorithms, cooling system and power
control circuits that optimize DC load outputs. 

DC
Solar Hybrid Power Systems 

Our
DC solar hybrid power system combines our DC hybrid power system with solar photovoltaic modules and a custom engineered multi power
point tracking charge controller. In most off-grid or bad-grid outdoor applications, such as telecommunications towers in rural or suburban
areas, the fuel costs of operating a generator can account for more than half of the total operating costs. We believe that incorporating
renewable energy sources, such as solar, with our DC hybrid power systems is ideal solution for numerous off-grid and bad-grid applications
worldwide. Our DC solar hybrid power systems incorporate the following features: 

Hybrid
 power panel . We produce distribution panel assemblies that make use of punched and plated buss bars to make the heavy current
 connections between appliances. The industry standard is using labor intensive hand crimped wires and lugs which are accomplished
 in the field. 

Photovoltaic
 Arrays . Our telecommunications customers request photovoltaic array structures to withstand winds of 150 mph and 200 mph exceeding
 the industry standard of 120 mph. 

Shelter .
 We provide an all-weather light-weight aluminum walk-in shelter that is easy to transport by truck or helicopter. 

10 

Lightning
 protection . We provide the highest degree of lightning protection through the use of air-coil type inductors designed by us. 

Air-Conditioning .
 We provide DC air-conditioning if required in very hot weather environments. We also provide cooling systems using ambient air. 

During
2019, we developed an environmentally friendly solar hybrid power system based on a combination of solar with LPG and propane power sources
which we believe lowers both capital expenditures and operating expenditures. These new generators have been specifically designed to
run in residential applications and will provide power outputs between 5 kW to 22 kW and which incorporate a 30,000- to 90,000-hour life
engine with our proprietary control system. Our natural gas generators when integrated with battery storage and solar are ideal microgrids
for off-grid and bad grid residential and commercial applications. 

Service
and Support 

Global
Network Management Tools 

We
offer global network management services through our telematics tool, which consists of our Supra Controller technology integrated
with monitoring software. This hardware is integrated into each DC power system and collects critical data from the equipment and transmits
this data back to the customer and our service department. This capability allows us and our customers to monitor system performance
remotely and to remotely update the equipment with new revision software in the field. 

Our
telematics capabilities and services include: 

automated
 and continuous remote monitoring with auto alerts and notifications that can be transmitted via email or text messaging; 

maintenance
 management, which provides ability to schedule preventative maintenance based on actual equipment usage; and 

real-time,
 bi-directional communication capability for remote upgrades, testing and troubleshooting. 

Our
telematics tools also provide information to our customers on specific equipment utilization that provides the abilities to determine
the functional status of the equipment and proactively schedule maintenance. We believe these tools assist in reducing equipment downtime,
thereby reducing the overall cost of ownership. In addition, we plan to use these tools to monitor and provide accurate billing for our
rental equipment deployed at customer facilities. 

Aftermarket
and Service Parts 

We
offer extensive aftermarket and service parts programs. We maintain an extensive inventory of aftermarket parts and sell parts directly
to customers or through our qualified network of service providers. In addition, we require our regional service providers to maintain
sufficient quantities of aftermarket parts in their inventory to ensure minimum downtime upon product failure. 

We
maintain accurate records of bill of materials for each serial number shipped and service our products well beyond their recommended
lives. In the marketplace, our products are known for their long life and durability. 

Product
and Warranty Support 

We
utilize a nationwide network of dealers and service providers to perform installation and warranty services for our customers. Through
our dealers we offer product commissioning as an added service to all our customers and require the purchase of such services as a condition
for acceptance of any warranty claims in the future. We offer installation of the equipment, preliminary testing, integration of equipment
with other assets located at the site and introductory maintenance and safety training. We offer various levels of fee-based services
to support our products in the field. In addition, we have trained product and application engineers that deliver high quality, responsive
lifetime technical support to all our customers worldwide. 

11 

We
further support our customers by using qualified regional independent service providers to perform warranty and aftermarket service and
repair on our products. Our regional service providers are factory trained and certified prior to being authorized to repair or service
our equipment. We generally reimburse regional service providers for the warranty services they perform on our systems. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Our
sales strategy focuses on using our direct sales force to market our DC backup power products to telecommunications providers in the
U.S. We use local regional sales managers in the U.S. market to demonstrate our products to Tier-1 telecommunications providers. Our
products are purchased by regional centers operated by our telecommunications customers, thereby expanding our overall market into regions
we may not have covered previously. 

We
have established a sales and service infrastructure in international markets. We established regional sales offices in Australia, U.A.E.,
Poland and Dominican Republic and established sales and aftermarket service locations in Australia and Romania to manage the South East
Asia and EMEA regions, respectively. Due to a general lack of a reliable power grid, many emerging markets continue to expand their telecommunications
infrastructures at a high rate. We believe that this lack of a reliable power grid, together with our knowledge of integrating renewables
with generators, provides us with an opportunity to enter these emerging markets with our hybrid storage and renewable energy solutions. 

We
also market our products through our web site and by exhibiting our products at industry trade shows globally. Our primary sales are
generated through product demonstrations and short-term rentals to demonstrate the capabilities of our products and value proposition
to large mobile network providers worldwide. We believe this strategy of demonstrating our products and technologies to prospective customers
expedites the sales process for our DC power systems. 

We
market our products to a large global customer base through actual product demonstrations. In 2020, the spread of COVID-19 led to various
government travel restrictions which resulted in the inability of our sales team to meet with existing or new customers to demonstrate
our products. In addition, our service staff and engineers have generally been unable to travel to customer locations to setup demonstrations
and assist in the integration and optimization of our products to specific customer application needs. During 2021 and 2022, we experienced
a modest resumption of sales activity with our U.S. Tier-1 telecommunications customers as their construction activities resume. Given
the daily developments of the COVID-19 pandemic and the global responses to curb its spread, we are not able to accurately estimate all
of the long-term effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. 

Distribution
and Service 

We
service our products through various service partners that provide initial product installation and maintenance services. The promotion
of our natural gas powered Mini-Grid product, targeting off-grid and bad grid rural areas, will be undertaken by certified independent
dealers. We believe expansion of our dealer network will also provide additional opportunities for our DC power systems in the U.S. and
other countries. 

We
utilize a combination of factory trained technicians and independent service providers to provide installation, maintenance, service
and training at customer locations throughout the U.S. 

In
the international markets, we utilize local service partners to perform installation and service on our equipment. We have hired trained
personnel in Australia, Romania, and South Africa to assist in regional training of technicians and also in product demonstrations. 

12 

Competition 

Within
the telecommunications power generation market, we compete with a few manufacturers of AC and DC generators that offer generators with
an output power of 5 kW to 50 kW. In the U.S. market, our competitors are global manufacturers of AC generators designed primarily for
the residential and industrial off-grid power markets. Internationally, our competitors include regional manufacturers of both AC and
DC generators. 

In
the U.S. market, our competitors are large volume manufacturers of AC generators with a primary focus on emergency power backup generation
for the residential marketplace. These AC generators are constructed using steel enclosures and are therefore heavier and can rust more
easily in outdoor applications as compared to our products which generally have a smaller footprint and are constructed using aluminum
enclosures. Due to the inherent design of AC motors, their units are approximately 40 larger in size than our DC generators. In order
to monetize on our positives, we targeted telecommunications markets where generators are used to provide backup power during power outages.
Due to the lighter weight and smaller size of our products as compared to AC products, we specifically target customers with the telecommunications
towers located on roof-tops in urban areas. We believe that the smaller size, lighter weight and higher fuel efficiency of our products
are performance parameters that offset the lower price alternative of AC generators. In addition, we believe that our recently introduced
long-life (90,000 hours), natural gas-powered DC generator product line significantly increases our competitive advantage in densely
populated urban markets. 

Increased
digitization of our lives has resulted in the need for more power usage in both residential and commercial applications. In the telecommunications
tower market, the majority of the outdoor power needs are DC power since most components are DC powered. Historically, AC generator companies
have utilized conversion technologies to convert AC output to DC output. This conversion results in an approximately 40 loss in energy.
Meanwhile, our DC generators supply DC power directly to the telecommunications tower systems increasing the system s overall efficiency.
These efficiencies are further enhanced in off-grid and bad-grid applications where more power is being used from the generators due
to the lack of grid power. 

Below
are our primary competitors across these applications: 

DC
Power : 3Tech Corporate Limited, Ascot Industrial srl, Ausonia srl, and Controllis. 

AC
Power : Generac Power Systems, Inc., Kohler Co., Onan, FG Wilson and many other companies. 

Manufacturing
and Assembly 

A
significant percentage of our business comes from multinational global corporations seeking configured product solutions ready to be
field deployed with a minimum installation time. Our manufacturing process begins with our direct sales force and engineering team defining
customer application needs and concludes with the production of a custom configured product solution. We believe our ability to have
total control over the sales and manufacturing process is a key competitive differentiator in the markets we serve. 

By
implementing vertical integration throughout our manufacturing process, we believe that we reduce overall manufacturing costs, thereby
increasing profitability and market competitiveness. Our production processes encompass all aspects of production of our DC power systems,
which includes alternators, aluminum enclosures, engine configurations, control electronics, cooling systems, wiring harnesses, exhaust
systems and final assembly. Manufacturing of our proprietary technologies requires proprietary automated equipment that ensures total
control and agility in our production processes. Over the past decade, we have made significant investments in highly specialized manufacturing
tooling, jigs and fixtures that allow us to manufacture products at lower cost while maintaining the highest quality. 

Our
production assembly lines are designed to be flexible, and we utilize advanced manufacturing planning software to predict, monitor and
control demand levels and product mix to provide the shortest delivery time to our customers. We utilize 3-D CAD software to product
design and document assembly instructions throughout our production process. All our products are 100 tested to customer specific application
requirements prior to shipment. 

13 

Throughout
our operations we utilize computerized ERP software that integrates all our processes from lead generation to product shipment and aftermarket
support. Our focus on safety, quality and on-time delivery is supported by employee training and information systems that monitor process
and product quality and communicate trends and findings to senior management on a real-time basis. 

Design
Engineering/Research and Development 

Our
research and development efforts are market driven and are focused on the development of new technologies and product improvements, as
well as reducing costs and improving product quality and reliability. The primary focus of our research and development activities is
the development of lighter-weight, more compact and lower cost DC power generation systems for our Tier-1 wireless provider customers
in the U.S. and international markets. Over the years, we have expended significant resources in enhancing our system controls like our
Supra Controller and BMS. 

A
significant part of our research and development effort has focused on the development of control software that integrates engine controls,
power management and battery algorithms to fully optimize fuel consumption in both prime power and backup power generation applications.
We use a high level of integration with a single control and communication module, our Supra Controller , rather than competitive
system designs with a number of independent control modules controlling a single function. Our integrated approach ensures software compatibility,
reduces complexity in wiring, increases reliability and reduces cost. We maintain an in-house design, prototyping, testing and application
engineering capabilities including expertise in 3-D solid modeling and finite element analysis, computer-based modeling and testing,
rapid prototyping, design verification testing and document publication, which includes manufacturing assembly instructions, supplier
drawings and product manuals. In addition, we utilize third party testing laboratories to certify our products compliance with
current applicable UL standards. 

Our
research and development efforts are key to meeting customer demand and ever-changing power requirements. In 2023, we plan to gradually
increase our team of engineers and continue investing into new product development as part of our strategy to diversify our product lines.
 However, it is not possible for us to predict the duration or magnitude of the adverse results
of the outbreak and its effects on our ability to continue our design engineering and research development projects during the remainder
of 2023 and perhaps beyond. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
possess a broad intellectual property portfolio comprised of electronics, software, engines, alternators, thermal systems and production
techniques. We rely on trademark, copyright and trade secret laws to protect our intellectual property. Currently, we rely on common
law rights to protect our Polar Power, Inc. trade name. We protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information
by requiring confidentiality agreements from our employees, consultants and third parties that have access to such information. Despite
these efforts, there can be no assurance that others will not gain access to our trade secrets, or that we can meaningfully protect our
technology. In addition, effective trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in certain foreign
countries. 

We
consider our manufacturing process to be a trade secret and have non-disclosure agreements with our employees to protect the trade secrets
held by us. However, such methods may not afford complete protection, and there can be no assurance that others will not independently
develop similar know-how or obtain access to our know-how and manufacturing concepts. We may register patents and trademarks in future
to protect our intellectual property rights and enhance our competitive position. 

14 

Suppliers 

We
attempt to mitigate the adverse effect of component shortages in our business through detail material planning and by qualifying multiple
vendor sources for key components and outside processes. We conduct supplier audits of all major suppliers for initial qualification
and to ensure reliability, quality, and sustainability of critical components. To meet our customer demands, we forecast the supply of
our long lead time items such as engines, castings and electronic components through use of sales forecasting tools and ERP system. 

Our
suppliers are extensively surveyed and audited; and field or process generated non-conformities communicated with our Suppliers to continuously
improve quality. To improve our costs and deliveries, our ERP system invites for all qualified suppliers to participate in relevant bids
to ensure best proposals are selected. 

The
outbreak of COVID-19 has taken a toll on the global economy and has disrupted raw material supply chains all over the world. We have
experienced material shortages and delays due to the pandemic; more in 2022 than in 2021. We are actively sourcing the domestic supply
chain for key components to avoid or reduce the risk of future delays or interruptions to our operations or our ability to service customers.
We have also experience price increases on certain materials and freight services. Although we believe we can mitigate a portion of material
price increases by passing through some cost increases to our customers, we believe a fair portion can be mitigated through increases
in efficiency. 

Quality
Control 

Our
quality control is established to maintain the highest level of quality in the manufacturing of our DC power systems, spare parts, and
services. The foundation of our quality control was initially set in the early 1980s, much of which was required by our customers at
the time, including NASA and Hughes Aircraft. In the late 1980s, we implemented the MIL-I-45208A quality control system monitored by
U.S. Department of Defense, to meet prime source requirements for a contract we received from the U.S. Army Picatinny Arsenal to design
and manufacture an advanced battery and monitoring system for a security device used in nuclear munitions depots around the world. We
are currently in the process of obtaining an ISO 9000 certification. 

Certifications 

Our
DC generator systems comply with UL2200 safety standards. Our products also comply with applicable regulatory emission standards of the
Environmental Protection Agency, and the California Air Quality Management District. 

Product
Warranties 

The
Company provides limited warranties for parts and labor at no cost to its customers within a specified time period after the sale. Our
standard warranty on new products is two years from the date of delivery to the customer. We offer a limited extended warranty of up
to five years on our certified DC power systems based on application and usage. Our warranties are of an assurance-type and come standard
with all of our products to cover repair or replacement should a product not perform as expected. Under our standard warranty, provisions
for estimated expenses related to product warranties are made at the time products are sold. These estimates are established using historical
information about the nature, frequency and average cost of warranty claim settlements as well as product manufacturing and recovery
from suppliers. 

Information
Systems 

We
utilize integrated information systems (i.e., ERP) that link our lead management, sales planning, order entry, purchasing, engineering,
production control, manufacturing, inventory and accounting systems. During the past five years we have made significant investments
to upgrade and customize our information systems to improve productivity and our ability to accurately forecast inventory and manpower
requirements. We plan to invest additional capital in software and information systems to integrate aftermarket sales and service with
our ERP system to improve post sales customer experience with our products and services. 

15 

Government
Regulations and Environmental Matters 

Our
business operations are subject to certain federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations. For example, our products, services
and technologies are subject to regulations relating to building codes, public safety, electrical connections, security protocols, and
local and state licensing requirements. The regulations to which we are subject may change, additional regulations may be imposed, or
existing regulations may be applied in a manner that creates special requirements for the implementation and operation of our products
or services that may significantly impact or even eliminate some of our revenues or markets. In addition, we may incur material costs
or liabilities in complying with any such regulations. Furthermore, some of our customers must comply with numerous laws and regulations,
which may affect their willingness and ability to purchase our products, services and technologies. 

Additionally,
we are subject to laws, regulations and other governmental actions instituted in response to the COVID-19 outbreak. 

The
modification of existing laws and regulations or interpretations thereof or the adoption of future laws and regulations could adversely
affect our business, cause us to modify or alter our methods of operations and increase our costs and the price of our products, services
and technology. In addition, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able, for financial or other reasons, to comply with all
applicable laws and regulations. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could become subject to substantial penalties
or restrictions that could materially and adversely affect our business. 

Human
Capital 

Our
experienced employees and management team are our most valuable resources, and we are committed to attracting, motivating, and retaining
top professionals to service our customers. As of March 31, 2023, we had 113 full time employees, which includes 104 employees in the
U.S. and 9 employees outside the U.S. None of our employees are represented by labor unions. We consider our relationships with our employees
to be generally satisfactory. In addition, from time to time, we utilize outside consultants or contractors for specific assignments. 

We
believe our success is directly related to the satisfaction, growth, and development of our employees. We strive to offer a work environment
where employee unique characteristics and opinions are valued and one that provides our employees the opportunities to use and augment
their professional skills. To achieve our human capital goals, we intend to remain focused on providing our personnel with career development
opportunities to expand our business within their areas of expertise and continue to provide our personnel with personal and professional
growth. In addition to salaries, we also provide a 401(k)-retirement plan, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings accounts,
paid time off, and various services and tools to support our employees health and wellness. Our leaders, managers, and eligible
employees are provided an opportunity to participate in our stock option plans. We emphasize a number of measures and objectives in managing
our human capital assets, including, among others, employee safety and wellness, talent acquisition and retention, employee engagement,
development, and training, diversity and inclusion, and compensation and pay equity. 

Employee
Engagement, Development, and Training. We provide all employees with the opportunity to share their opinions and feedback on our
culture which helps enhance the employee experience, promote employee retention, drive change, and leverage the overall success of our
organization. We provide all employees a wide range of professional development experiences, both formal and informal, at all stages
in their careers. 

Diversity
and Inclusion and Ethical Business Practices. We are committed to fostering work environments that value and promote diversity and
inclusion, including our Diversity and Inclusion Program which focuses on initiatives to increase the diversity of our workforce and
promote an environment of trust where employees feel safe to express their opinions and perspectives without fear of repercussion. This
commitment includes providing equal access to, and participation in, equal employment opportunities, programs, and services without regard
to race, religion, color, national origin, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, stereotypes or assumptions based thereon.
We pride ourselves in the development and fair treatment of our workforce, including healthcare and benefit programs for our employees,
equal employment hiring practices and policies, anti-harassment, workforce safety, and anti-retaliation policies. We welcome and celebrate
our teams differences, experiences, and beliefs, and we are investing in a more engaged, diverse, and inclusive workforce. 

COVID-19
and Employee Safety and Wellness. We are actively monitoring the global situation related to the pandemic and how it affects our
financial condition, operations, suppliers, industry, and workforce. Given the daily developments of the pandemic and the global responses
to curb its spread, we are unable to estimate the effects of the pandemic at this time. If the COVID-19 pandemic continues, it may have
an adverse effect on our ability to source qualified employees during the remainder of 2023 and perhaps beyond. 

We
foster a strong corporate culture that promotes high standards of ethics and compliance for our businesses, including policies that set
forth principles to guide employee, officer, director, and vendor conduct, such as our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. We maintain
a whistleblower policy and anonymous hotline for the confidential reporting of any suspected policy violations or unethical business
conduct on the part of our businesses, employees, officers, directors, or vendors and provide training and education to our global workforce
with respect to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and anti-corruption and anti-bribery policies. 

Facilities 

Our
principal offices are located in Gardena, California, where we lease a 40,000 square foot facility that includes our corporate staff
offices, our manufacturing facility, and our research and development center. We also lease a 29,000 square foot facility as our second
manufacturing facility and a 20,000 square foot warehouse facility across the street from our corporate offices. We believe that our
current facilities are sufficient to accommodate our anticipated production volumes for the next twelve months. If required, additional
office and manufacturing space is available within less than three miles from our present location. 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 

Before
deciding to purchase, hold or sell our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other
information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the
SEC, including subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional
risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business. If any of these
known or unknown risks or uncertainties actually occurs with material adverse effects on us, our business, financial condition, results
of operations and/or liquidity could be seriously harmed. In that event, the market price for our common stock will likely decline, and
you may lose all or part of your investment. 

16 

Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has had, and will likely continue to have, a significant negative impact on our business, sales, results of operations
and financial condition. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has had a widespread and detrimental effect on the global economy, particularly in the U.S., and actions over the past
three years by public health and governmental authorities, businesses, other organizations and individuals to address the outbreak, including
travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place, stay at home or total lock-down orders and business limitations and shutdowns
have materially negatively impacted, and could further materially adversely affect, our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and results of operations remains unknown and will depend
on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration and potential resurgence
of the COVID-19 pandemic, repeat or cyclical outbreaks and any additional preventative and protective actions that governments, or we
or our customers, may direct, which may result in an extended period of continued business disruption and reduced operations. Any resulting
financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, but we expect it will continue to have a material impact on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

The
repercussions of the COVID-19 global pandemic has had and is likely to continue to have, a material and substantial adverse impact on
our results of operations, including a decrease in our sales and delays in sourcing raw materials from suppliers. Our business is directly
dependent upon, and correlates closely with, the marketing levels and ongoing business activities of our existing customers and suppliers.
In the event of a continued economic downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, we will likely experience a reduction in current projects,
longer sales and collection cycles, deferral or delay of purchase commitments for our DC power systems, a reduction in our manufacturing
productivity, higher than normal inventory levels, delay in receipt of raw materials, a reduction in the availability of qualified labor
and increased price competition, all of which could substantially adversely affect our results of operations including our earnings and
cash flows. 

In
response to uncertainties associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, we have made certain modifications to our business, including modifications
to employee work locations, cancellation of certain marketing events and the implementation of a cost reduction program to reduce overhead.
During 2022, we kept following limited remote work policies for many employees, and the resources available to such employees may not
enable them to maintain the same level of productivity and efficiency. Our increased reliance on remote access to our information systems
also increases our exposures to potential cybersecurity breaches. We cannot provide any assurance that these actions, or any other mitigating
actions we may take, will help mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on us. 

Furthermore,
we cannot provide any assurance that our assumptions used to estimate our liquidity requirements will remain accurate due to the unprecedented
nature of the disruption to our operations and the unpredictability of the COVID-19 global pandemic. As a consequence, our estimates
of the duration of the pandemic and the severity of the impact on our future earnings and cash flows could change and have a material
impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In the event of a sustained market deterioration and continued declines
in net sales, we may need additional liquidity. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to obtain additional sources of
financing or liquidity on acceptable terms, or at all. 

The
ultimate duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows is dependent
on future developments, the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, including repeat or cyclical outbreaks, additional waves 
or the spread of variant viruses and the related length of its impact on the global economy, which are uncertain and cannot
be predicted at this time. Furthermore, the extent to which our mitigation efforts are successful, if at all, is not presently ascertainable.
However, we expect that our results of operations, including revenues, in future periods will continue to be adversely impacted by the
COVID-19 pandemic and its negative effects on global economic conditions and that, as a result of such effects, we may continue to be
adversely affected even after the COVID-19 pandemic has materially subsided. 

Terrorist
attacks and threats of war may impact all aspects of our operations, revenues, costs and stock price in unpredictable ways. 

The
special military actions of the Russian Federation and its invasion of Ukraine and the resulting geopolitical uncertainty are likely
to continue to have a significant impact on the European Union, the United Kingdom and other countries, including the U.S. The threat
that these military operations may expand beyond Ukraine may have a negative impact as well. Significant increases in the price of oil
and natural gas have occurred and are likely to continue putting additional inflationary pressures on central banks, including Federal
Reserve System (the FRB ). It is expected that interest rate hikes already announced by the FRB will occur in 2023, but
the amount, timing, and frequency of such increases are not fully known at this time. The Russian Federation has also threatened increased
cyberattacks as part of its actions which could affect us and our customers. Additionally, the United States and European nations have
imposed very significant financial sanctions on the Russian Republic, including targeted sanctions on Russian banks and wealthy individuals
as well as halting certification of the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline. They have denied Russian banks access the Society for Worldwide Interbank
Financial Telecommunications or SWIFT which has slowed international trade and made such transactions costlier to accomplish which could
also negatively affect us and our customers. In response to the Russian military actions, many businesses headquartered in the Eurozone
and the United States stopped doing business with Russia, which may negatively affect the profitability of those companies. The international
turmoil has already had and may continue to have a negative impact on the stock market generally and, in turn, on our stock price. The
full impact of the actions by the Russian Federation regarding Ukraine are not known at this time, but they could have a material adverse
impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and stock price. 

17 

We
have incurred significant losses in the past and we may incur losses in the future, which may hamper our operations and impede us from
expanding our business. 

We
have incurred significant losses in the past. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred net losses of
approximately 5.6 million and 1.4 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a gross profit of approximately
 2.3 million, and for the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred a gross profit of approximately 3.4 million. We may incur net and
gross losses in the future. We expect to rely on cash on hand, cash, if any, generated from our operations, borrowing availability under
our line of credit and proceeds from our future financing activities, if any, to fund all of the cash requirements of our business. Additional
losses may hamper our operations and impede us from expanding our business. 

We
are dependent on, and derive substantially all of our revenue from, sales of our DC base power systems to one customer within the U.S.
telecommunications market. Our efforts to expand our customer base, our product portfolio or markets within which we operate may not
succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate. 

We
derive substantially all our revenues from sales of our DC base power systems to one customer within the telecommunications market, AT T.
The volume of sales to them may vary significantly from year to year. Any factor adversely affecting sales of these power systems to
this customer or to other customers within this market, including market acceptance, product competition, performance and reliability,
reputation, price competition and economic and market conditions, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

18 

In
addition, any unfavorable change in our business relationship with our Tier-1 telecommunications wireless carrier customers, or delays
in customer implementation and deployment of our products, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operation and financial
condition. Our plans to invest in the development of electric vehicle chargers, residential and commercial power products and higher
capacity DC hybrid solar systems may not result in an anticipated growth in sales and may reduce our revenue growth rate. 

Many
of our DC power systems involve long design and sales cycles, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial
performance. 

The
design and sales cycle for our DC power systems, from initial contact with our potential customer to the shipments of our product, may
be lengthy. Customers generally consider a wide range of factors before making a purchase decision. Prior to purchasing our products,
many of our customers often require a significant technical review, tests and evaluations over long periods of time (i.e., three to twenty-four
months), assessments of competitive products and approval at a number of management levels within their organization. During the time
our customers are evaluating our products, we may incur substantial sales and service, engineering and research and development expenses
to customize our products to meet customer s application needs. We may also expend significant management efforts, increase manufacturing
capacity, order long-lead-time components or purchase significant amounts of components and other inventory prior to receiving an order.
Even after this evaluation process, a potential customer may not purchase our products. 

The
product development time before a customer agrees to purchase our DC power systems can be considerable. Our process for developing an
integrated solution may require use of significant engineering resources, including design, prototyping, modeling, testing and application
engineering. The length of this cycle is influenced by many factors, including the difficulty of the technical specification and complexity
of the design and the customer s procurement processes. A significant period may elapse between our investment of time and resources
in designing and developing a product for a customer and receipt of revenue from sales of that product. The length of this process, combined
with unanticipated delays in the development cycles and the effects of COVID-19 on our ability to demonstrate our products to current
and potential customers could materially affect our results of operations and financial conditions. 

We
do not have long-term commitments for significant revenues with most of our customers and may be unable to retain existing customers,
attract new customers or replace departing customers with new customers that can provide comparable revenues and profits. 

Because
we generally do not obtain firm, long-term volume purchase commitments from our customers, most of our sales are derived from individual
purchase orders. We remain dependent upon securing new purchase orders in the future in order to sustain and grow our revenues. Accordingly,
there is no assurance that our revenues and business will grow in the future. Our failure to maintain and expand our customer relationships
could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

The
current high concentration of our sales within the telecommunications market could result in a significant reduction in sales and negatively
affect our profitability if demand for our DC power systems declines within this market before we are able to make significant inroads
with our diversification of markets and customers. 

Currently,
we are predominately focused on the manufacturing, marketing and sales of DC power systems to telecommunications companies. We may be
unable to shift our business focus away from these activities to other potential markets for our products. Accordingly, the emergence
of new competing DC power products or lower-cost alternative technologies within the telecommunications market may reduce the demand
for our products. A downturn in the demand for our DC power systems within this market could materially and adversely affect our sales
and results of operations. 

19 

We
face inventory risk and may be required to write-off additional inventory in the future. 

We
value inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value. If the estimated net realizable value is determined to be less than the
recorded cost of the inventory, a provision is made to reduce the carrying amount of the inventory item to the lower net realizable value
determination. Determination of the net realizable value may be complex, and therefore, requires management to make assumptions and to
apply a high degree of judgment. In order for management to make the appropriate determination of net realizable value, the following
items are commonly considered: inventory turnover statistics, inventory quantities on hand in our facilities, unfilled customer order
quantities, forecasted consumer demand, current prices, competitive pricing, seasonality factors, consumer trends and performance of
similar products or accessories. Subsequent changes in facts or circumstances do not result in the reversal of previously recorded write-downs. 

If
our estimates regarding net realizable value are inaccurate, including our estimates regarding our inventory, or changes in customer
demand for our products in an unforeseen manner, we may experience additional write-downs of our inventory. 

The
unavailability or shortage, or increase in the cost, of raw materials and components could have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 

Our
operations require raw materials, such as aluminum, copper, engines, electronics, and permanent magnets. Commodities such as aluminum
and copper are known to have significant price volatility based on global economic conditions. An increase in global economic outlook
may result in significant price increases in the cost of our raw materials. In addition, we use Neodymium permanent magnets in our alternators,
for which there are a limited number of global suppliers that can meet our standards. Increase in manufacturing of electric vehicles
worldwide can have an adverse effect on the cost or supply of these magnets. At our current production volumes, we are unable to secure
large quantities of these commodities at fixed prices; however, we do have multiple sources of supply for our raw materials to meet our
near term forecasted needs. Various factors could reduce the availability of raw materials and components and shortages may occur from
time to time in the future. An increase in lead times for the supply of raw materials due to a global increase in demand for commodities
or other reasons may significantly increase the timing of receipt of such materials and/or increase the material costs of our products.
For example, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we are currently experiencing both delays in sourcing, and price increases of, certain
key components. As a result of these delays, our standard eight-week delivery time has increased to fourteen weeks. In addition, if production
was interrupted due to unavailability or shortage of raw materials and we were not able to find alternate third-party suppliers or re-engineer
our products to accommodate different components or materials, we could experience disruptions in manufacturing and operations including
product shortages, higher freight costs and re-engineering costs. If our supply of raw materials or components continues to be disrupted
or our lead times extended, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

The
markets within which we compete are highly competitive. Many of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do
and one or more of these competitors could use their greater financial and other resources to gain market share at our expense. 

If
our business continues to develop as expected, we anticipate that we will grow our revenues in the near future. If, due to capital constraints
or otherwise, we are unable to fulfill our existing backlog in a timely manner and/or procure and timely fulfill our anticipated future
backlog, our customers and potential customers may decide to use competing DC power systems or continue the use of AC power systems.
If we are unable to fulfill the demand for products and services in a timely manner, our customers and potential customers may choose
to purchase products from our competitors. Some of our larger competitors may be willing to reduce prices and accept lower margins in
order to compete with us. In addition, we could face new competition from large international or domestic companies with established
industrial brands and distribution networks that enter our end markets. Demand for our products may also be affected by our ability to
respond to changes in design and functionality, to respond to downward pricing pressure, and to provide shorter lead times for our products
than our competitors. If we are unable to respond successfully to these competitive pressures, we could lose market share, which could
have an adverse impact on our results. We cannot assure that we will be able to compete successfully in our markets or compete effectively
against current and new competitors as our industry continues to evolve. 

Rapid
technological changes may prevent us from remaining current with our technological resources and maintaining competitive product and
service offerings. 

The
markets in which we and our customers operate are characterized by rapid technological change, especially within the telecommunications
market. Significant technological changes could render our existing and potential new products, services and technology obsolete. Our
future success will depend, in large part, upon our ability to: 

effectively
 identify and develop leading energy efficient technologies; 

continue
 to develop our technical expertise; 

enhance
 our current products and services with new, improved and competitive technology; and 

respond
 to technological changes in a cost-effective and timely manner. 

If
we are unable to successfully respond to technological change or if we do not respond to it in a cost-effective and timely manner, then
our business will be materially and adversely affected. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in responding to changing technology.
In addition, technologies developed by others may render our products, services and technology uncompetitive or obsolete. Even if we
do successfully respond to technological advances, the integration of new technology may require substantial time and expense, and we
cannot assure you that we will succeed in adapting our products, services and technology in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

If
we are unable to continue to develop new and enhanced products and services that achieve market acceptance in a timely manner, our competitive
position and operating results could be harmed. 

Our
future success will depend on our ability to continue to develop new and enhanced DC power systems and related products and services
that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. The markets in which we and our customers operate are characterized
by frequent introductions of new and enhanced products and services, evolving industry standards and regulatory requirements, government
incentives and changes in customer needs. The successful development and market acceptance of our products and services depends on a
number of factors, including: 

the
 impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global markets; 

the
 changing requirements and preferences of the potential customers in our markets; 

the
 accurate prediction of market requirements, including regulatory issues; 

the
 timely completion and introduction of new products and services to avoid obsolescence; 

the
 quality, price and performance of new products and services; 

the
 availability, quality, price and performance of competing products and services; 

20 

our
 customer service and support capabilities and responsiveness; 

the
 successful development of our relationships with existing and potential customers; and 

changes
 in industry standards. 

We
may experience financial or technical difficulties or limitations that could prevent us from introducing new or enhanced products or
services. Furthermore, any of these new or enhanced products and services could contain problems that are discovered after they are introduced.
We may need to significantly modify the design of these products and services to correct problems. Rapidly changing industry standards
and customer preferences and requirements may impede market acceptance of our products and services. 

Development
and enhancement of our products and services will require significant additional investment and could strain our management, financial
and operational resources. The lack of market acceptance of our products or services or our inability to generate sufficient revenues
from this development or enhancement to offset their development costs could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition,
we may experience delays or other problems in releasing new products and services and enhancements, and any such delays or problems may
cause customers to forego purchases of our products and services and to purchase those of our competitors. 

We
cannot provide assurance that products and services that we have recently developed or that we develop in the future will achieve market
acceptance. If our new products and services fail to achieve market acceptance, or if we fail to develop new or enhanced products and
services s that achieve market acceptance, our growth prospects, operating results and competitive position could be adversely affected. 

Natural
disasters and other events beyond our control could materially adversely affect us. 

Natural
disasters or other catastrophic events, including the COVID-19 pandemic, may cause damage or disruption to our operations, international
commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect on us. Our business operations are subject to interruption
by natural disasters, fire, power shortages, pandemics and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain crisis management and
disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers and could
decrease demand for our services. 

We
are dependent on relationships with our key material suppliers, and the partial or complete loss of one of these key suppliers, or the
failure to find replacement suppliers or manufacturers in a timely manner, could adversely affect our business. 

We
have established relationships with third-party engine suppliers and other key suppliers from which we source components for our power
systems. We purchase standard configurations of engines for our DC power systems and are substantially dependent on timely supply from
our key engine suppliers, Yanmar Engines Company, Perkins Engines Company Ltd, and Toyota Corporation. Engines from Yanmar, Perkins,
and Toyota represented approximately 54 , 37 , less than 1 of our total engines sold as a component of our DC power systems during 2022,
respectively, and represented approximately 84 , 3 , and 6 of our total engines sold as components of our DC power systems during the
same period in 2021, respectively. We also use engines from Isuzu, Kubota and, to a lesser extent, Volvo Penta. In December 2019, we
received our certificate of conformity from the EPA with respect to our small spark-ignition Toyota engines which will be used in our
new LPG / natural gas generators. The new Toyota engine serves as our primary engine in our new LPG products which were launched in 2020.
In January 2022, we applied for EPA certification on our 4Y Toyota engine, which is a larger engine model for used on our 20 to 30 kW
DC power systems. We do not have any long-term contracts or commitments with any of these suppliers. If any of these engine suppliers
were to fail to provide emissions certified engines in a timely manner or fail to supply engines that meet our quality, quantity or cost
requirements, or were to discontinue manufacturing any engines we source from them or discontinue providing any of these engines to us,
or the supply chain is interrupted or delayed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or unprecedented event, and we were unable to obtain
substitute sources in a timely manner or on terms acceptable to us, our ability to manufacture our products could be materially adversely
affected. 

21 

Price
increases in some of the key components in our DC power systems could materially and adversely affect our operating results and cash
flows. 

The
prices of some of the key components of our DC power systems are subject to fluctuation due to market forces beyond our control, including
changes in the costs of raw materials incorporated into these components. Such price increases occur from time to time due to spot shortages
of commodities, increases in labor costs or longer-term shortages due to market forces. In particular, the prices of engines can fluctuate
frequently and often significantly. We do not have any long-term contracts or commitments with our two key engine suppliers. Substantial
increases in the prices of raw materials used in components which we source from our suppliers may result in increased prices charged
by our suppliers. If we incur price increases from our suppliers for key components in our DC power systems, our production costs will
increase. Given competitive market conditions, we may not be able to pass all or any of those cost increases on to our customers in the
form of higher sales prices. To the extent our competitors do not suffer comparable component cost increases, we may have even greater
difficulty passing along price increases and our competitive position may be harmed. As a result, increases in costs of key components
may adversely affect our margins and otherwise adversely affect our operating results and cash flows. 

A
portion of our key components are sourced in foreign countries, exposing us to additional risks that may not exist in the U.S. 

A
portion of our key components, such as engines, magnets and cooling systems, are purchased from suppliers located overseas, primarily
in Asia. Our international sourcing subjects us to a number of potential risks in addition to the risks associated with third-party sourcing
generally. These risks include: 

inflation
 or changes in political and economic conditions; 

unstable
 regulatory environments; 

changes
 in import and export duties; 

currency
 rate fluctuations; 

trade
 restrictions; 

labor
 unrest; 

logistical
 and communications challenges; and 

other
 restraints and burdensome taxes. 

These
factors may have an adverse effect on our ability to source our purchased components overseas. In particular, if the U.S. dollar were
to depreciate significantly against the currencies in which we purchase raw materials from foreign suppliers, our cost of goods sold
could increase materially, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 

The
unavailability or shortage, or increase in the cost, of raw materials and components could have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 

Our
operations require raw materials, such as aluminum, copper and permanent magnets. Commodities such as aluminum and copper are known to
have significant price volatility based on global economic conditions. An increase in global economic outlook may result in significant
price increases in the cost of our raw materials. In addition, we use Neodymium permanent magnets in our alternators, for which there
are a limited number of global suppliers that can meet our standards. Increase in manufacturing of electric vehicles worldwide can have
an adverse effect on the cost or supply of these magnets. At our current production volumes, we are unable to secure large quantities
of these commodities at fixed prices; however, we do have multiple sources of supply for our raw materials to meet our near term forecasted
needs. Various factors could reduce the availability of raw materials and components and shortages may occur from time to time in the
future. An increase in lead times for the supply of raw materials due to a global increase in demand for commodities outlined may significantly
increase material costs of our products. If production was interrupted due to unavailability or shortage of raw materials and we were
not able to find alternate third-party suppliers or re-engineer our products to accommodate different components or materials, we could
experience disruptions in manufacturing and operations including product shortages, higher freight costs and re-engineering costs. If
our supply of raw materials or components is disrupted or our lead times extended, our business, results of operations or financial condition
could be materially adversely affected. 

22 

We
manufacture and assemble a majority of our products at two facilities. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of this facility would
result in a decline in our sales and profitability. 

We
manufacture and assemble our DC power systems at our two production facilities located in Gardena, California. Any prolonged disruption
in the operations of our manufacturing and assembly facilities, whether due to the COVID-19 pandemic, equipment or information technology
infrastructure failure, labor difficulties, destruction of or damage to one or both of these facilities as a result of an earthquake,
fire, flood, other catastrophes, and other operational problems would result in a decline in our sales and profitability. In the event
of a business interruption at our facilities, we may be unable to shift manufacturing and assembly capabilities to alternate locations,
accept materials from suppliers or meet customer shipment needs, among other severe consequences. Such an event could have a material
and adverse impact on our financial condition and results of our operations. 

Our
business operations are subject to substantial government regulation. 

Our
business operations are subject to certain federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations. For example, our products, services
and technologies are subject to regulations relating to building codes, public safety, electrical connections, security protocols, and
local and state licensing requirements. The regulations to which we are subject may change, additional regulations may be imposed, or
existing regulations may be applied in a manner that creates special requirements for the implementation and operation of our products
or services that may significantly impact or even eliminate some of our revenues or markets. In addition, we may incur material costs
or liabilities in complying with any such regulations. Furthermore, some of our customers must comply with numerous laws and regulations,
which may affect their willingness and ability to purchase our products, services and technologies. Additionally, we are subject to laws,
regulations and other governmental actions instituted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

The
modification of existing laws and regulations or interpretations thereof or the adoption of future laws and regulations could adversely
affect our business, cause us to modify or alter our methods of operations and increase our costs and the price of our products, services
and technology. In addition, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able, for financial or other reasons, to comply with all
applicable laws and regulations. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could become subject to substantial penalties
or restrictions that could materially and adversely affect our business. 

Certain
of our products are used in critical communications networks which may subject us to significant liability claims. 

Because
certain of our products for customers in the telecommunications industry are used in critical communications networks, we may be subject
to significant liability claims if our products do not work properly. We warrant to our customers that our products will operate in accordance
with our product specifications. If our products fail to conform to these specifications, our customers could require us to remedy the
failure or could assert claims for damages. The provisions in our agreements with customers that are intended to limit our exposure to
liability claims may not preclude all potential claims. In addition, any insurance policies we have may not adequately limit our exposure
with respect to such claims. Liability claims could require us to spend significant time and money in litigation or to pay significant
damages. Any such claims, whether or not successful, would be costly and time-consuming to defend, and could divert management s
attention and seriously damage our reputation and our business. 

23 

We
could be adversely affected by our failure to comply with the laws applicable to our foreign activities, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act and other similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. 

The
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions prohibit U.S.-based companies and
their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We may pursue
opportunities in certain parts of the world that experience government corruption, and in certain circumstances, compliance with anti-bribery
laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Our policies mandate compliance with all applicable anti-bribery laws. Further, we
require our partners, subcontractors, agents and others who work for us or on our behalf to comply with the FCPA and other anti-bribery
laws. Although we have policies and procedures, and have conducted training, designed to ensure that we, our employees, our agents and
others who work with us in foreign countries comply with the FCPA and other anti-bribery laws, there is no assurance that such policies,
procedures or training will protect us against liability under the FCPA or other laws for actions taken by our agents, employees and
intermediaries. If we are found to be liable for FCPA violations (either due to our own acts or inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence
of others), we could suffer from severe criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on
our reputation, business, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, detecting, investigating and resolving actual or alleged
FCPA violations is expensive and could consume significant time and attention of our senior management. 

We
are exposed to risks related to our international sales, and the failure to manage these risks could harm our business. If we fail to
expand our business into international markets, our revenues and results of operations may be adversely affected . 

In
addition to our sales to customers within the U.S., we may become increasingly dependent on sales to customers outside the U.S. as we
pursue expanding our business with customers worldwide. During 2022, and 2021, our sales to international customers accounted for 25 
and 8 , respectively, of total revenue. We continue to expect that a significant portion of our future revenues will be from international
sales to customers in less developed or developing countries. As a result, the occurrence of any international, political, economic,
or geographic event could result in a significant decline in revenue. There are significant risks associated with conducting operations
internationally, requiring significant financial commitments to support such operations. These operations present a number of challenges
including oversight of daily operating practices in each location, handling employee benefits and employee behavior. In addition, compliance
with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing business in
international jurisdictions. These numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include internal control and disclosure rules,
data privacy and filtering requirements, anti-corruption laws, such as the FCPA, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to
governmental officials, and anti-competition regulations, among others. 

Violations
of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions
on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, and could also materially
affect our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business, and our operating results.
Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance
that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies. 

Some
of the risks and challenges of conducting business internationally include: 

the
 impact of COVID-19 on the global markets and the power generation market within the international telecommunications markets; 

requirements
 or preferences for domestic products or solutions, which could reduce demand for our products; 

unexpected
 changes in regulatory requirements; 

imposition
 of tariffs and other barriers and restrictions; 

restrictions
 on the import or export of critical technology; 

24 

management
 communication and integration problems resulting from cultural and geographic dispersion; 

the
 burden of complying with a variety of laws and regulations in various countries; 

difficulties
 in enforcing contracts; 

the
 uncertainty of protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 

application
 of the income tax laws and regulations of multiple jurisdictions, including relatively low-rate and relatively high-rate jurisdictions,
 to our sales and other transactions, which results in additional complexity and uncertainty; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers, export regulations and other regulatory and contractual limitations on our ability to sell products; 

greater
 risk of a failure of foreign employees to comply with both U.S. and foreign laws, including export and antitrust regulations, the
 FCPA and any trade regulations ensuring fair trade practices; 

heightened
 risk of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements that may impact
 financial results and result in restatements of, or irregularities in, financial statements; 

potentially
 adverse tax consequences, including multiple and possibly overlapping tax structures; 

general
 economic and geopolitical conditions, including war and acts of terrorism; 

lack
 of the availability of qualified third-party financing; and 

currency
 exchange controls. 

While
these factors and the impacts of these factors are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations in the future. 

Cyberattacks
through security vulnerabilities could lead to disruption of business, reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to
our reputation or competitive position. 

Security
vulnerabilities may arise from our hardware, software, employees, contractors or policies we have deployed, which may result in external
parties gaining access to our networks, data centers, cloud data centers, corporate computers, manufacturing systems, and/or access to
accounts we have at our suppliers, vendors, and customers. External parties may gain access to our data or our customers data,
or attack the networks causing denial of service or attempt to hold our data or systems in ransom. The vulnerability could be caused
by inadequate account security practices such as failure to timely remove employee access when terminated. To mitigate these security
issues, we have implemented measures throughout our organization, including firewalls, backups, encryption, employee information technology
policies and user account policies. However, there can be no assurance these measures will be sufficient to avoid cyberattacks. If any
of these types of security breaches were to occur and we were unable to protect sensitive data, our relationships with our business partners
and customers could be materially damaged, our reputation could be materially harmed, and we could be exposed to a risk of litigation
and possible significant liability. 

Further,
if we fail to adequately maintain our information technology infrastructure, we may have outages and data loss. Excessive outages may
affect our ability to timely and efficiently deliver products to customers or develop new products. Such disruptions and data loss may
adversely impact our ability to fulfill orders and interrupt other processes. Delayed sales or lost customers resulting from these disruptions
could adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation. 

25 

The
State of California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, or CCPA, effective on January 1, 2021. Our and our business
partners or contractors failure to fully comply with the CCPA and other laws could lead to significant fines and require
onerous corrective action. In addition, data security breaches experienced by us or our business partners or contractors could result
in the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, public disclosure of sensitive commercial data, and the exposure of personally
identifiable information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, customers, suppliers, contractors and others. 

Unauthorized
use or disclosure of, or access to, any personal information maintained by us or on our behalf, whether through breach of our systems,
breach of the systems of our suppliers or vendors by an unauthorized party, or through employee or contractor error, theft or misuse,
or otherwise, could harm our business. If any such unauthorized use or disclosure of, or access to, such personal information was to
occur, our operations could be seriously disrupted, and we could be subject to demands, claims and litigation by private parties, and
investigations, related actions, and penalties by regulatory authorities. In addition, we could incur significant costs in notifying
affected persons and entities and otherwise complying with the multitude of foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating
to the unauthorized access to, or use or disclosure of, personal information. Finally, any perceived or actual unauthorized access to,
or use or disclosure of, such information could harm our reputation, substantially impair our ability to attract and retain customers
and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

If
we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, we could lose important proprietary technology, which could materially
and adversely affect our business. 

Our
success and ability to compete depends, in substantial part, upon our ability to develop and protect our proprietary technology and intellectual
property rights to distinguish our products, services and technology from those of our competitors. The unauthorized use of our intellectual
property rights and proprietary technology by others could materially harm our business. 

Historically,
we have relied primarily on a combination of trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, along with non-competition and confidentiality
agreements, contractual provisions, licensing arrangements and proprietary software and manufacturing processes, to establish and protect
our intellectual property rights. Although we hold several unregistered copyrights in our business, we believe that the success of our
business depends more upon our proprietary technology, information, processes and know-how than on patents or trademark registrations.
In addition, much of our proprietary information and technology may not be patentable; if we decided to apply for patents and/or trademarks
in the future, we might not be successful in obtaining any such future patents or in registering any marks. 

Despite
our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, existing laws afford only limited protection, and our actions may be inadequate
to protect our rights or to prevent others from claiming violations of their proprietary rights. Unauthorized third parties may attempt
to copy, reverse engineer or otherwise obtain, use or exploit aspects of our products and services, develop similar technology independently,
or otherwise obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. We cannot assure you that our competitors will not independently
develop technology similar or superior to our technology or design around our intellectual property. In addition, the laws of some foreign
countries may not protect our proprietary rights as fully or in the same manner as the laws of the U.S. 

We
may need to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, and to determine the validity
and scope of other companies proprietary rights in the future. However, litigation could result in significant costs and in the
diversion of management and financial resources. We cannot assure you that any such litigation will be successful or that we will prevail
over counterclaims against us. Our failure to protect any of our important intellectual property rights or any litigation that we resort
to in order to enforce those rights could materially and adversely affect our business. 

26 

If
we face claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties, we could encounter expensive litigation, be liable for significant
damages or incur restrictions on our ability to sell our products and services. 

Although
we are not aware of any present infringement of our products, services or technology on the intellectual property rights of others, we
cannot be certain that our products, services and technologies do not or in the future will not infringe on the valid intellectual property
rights held by third parties. In addition, we cannot assure you that third parties will not claim that we have infringed their intellectual
property rights. 

In
recent years, there has been a significant amount of litigation in the U.S. involving patents and other intellectual property rights.
In the future, we may be a party to litigation as a result of an alleged infringement of others intellectual property. Successful
infringement claims against us could result in substantial monetary liability, require us to enter into royalty or licensing arrangements,
or otherwise materially disrupt the conduct of our business. In addition, even if we prevail on these claims, this litigation could be
time-consuming and expensive to defend or settle and could result in the diversion of our time and attention and of operational resources,
which could materially and adversely affect our business. Any potential intellectual property litigation also could force us to do one
or more of the following: 

stop
 selling, incorporating or using our products and services that use the infringed intellectual property; 

obtain
 from the owner of the infringed intellectual property right a license to sell or use the relevant technology, which license may not
 be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all; or 

redesign
 the products and services that use the technology. 

If
we are forced to take any of these actions, our business may be seriously harmed. Although we carry general liability insurance, our
insurance may not cover potential claims of this type or may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
operating results can fluctuate significantly from period to period, which makes our operating results difficult to predict and can cause
our operating results in any particular period to be less than comparable periods and expectations from time to time. 

Our
operating results have fluctuated significantly from quarter-to-quarter, period-to-period and year-to-year during our operating history
and are likely to continue to fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. Certain
factors that may affect our operating results include, without limitation, those set forth under Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

Because
we have little or no control over many of these factors, our operating results are difficult to predict. Any adverse change in any of
these factors could negatively affect our business and results of operations. 

Our
revenues, net income and other operating results are heavily dependent upon the size and timing of customer orders and projects, and
the timing of the completion of those projects. The timing of our receipt of large individual orders, and of project completion, is difficult
for us to predict. Because our operating expenses are based on anticipated revenues over the mid- and long-term and because a high percentage
of our operating expenses are relatively fixed, a shortfall or delay in recognizing revenues can cause our operating results to vary
significantly from quarter-to-quarter and can result in significant operating losses or declines in profit margins in any particular
quarter. If our revenues fall below our expectations in any particular quarter, we may not be able, or it may not be prudent for us,
to reduce our expenses rapidly in response to the revenue shortfall, which can result in us suffering significant operating losses or
declines in profit margins in that quarter. 

Due
to these factors and the other risks discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should not rely on quarter-to-quarter, period-to-period
or year-to-year comparisons of our results of operations as an indication of our future performance. Quarterly, period and annual comparisons
of our operating results are not necessarily meaningful or indicative of future performance. As a result, it is likely that, from time
to time, our results of operations or our revenue backlog could fall below historical levels or the expectations of public market analysts
and investors, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline significantly. 

27 

Our
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer owns a significant percentage of our common stock and will exercise significant influence
over matters requiring stockholder approval, regardless of the wishes of other stockholders. 

Our
Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, Arthur D. Sams, beneficially owns approximately 44 of our outstanding shares
of common stock. Mr. Sams therefore has significant influence over management and significant control over matters requiring stockholder
approval, including the annual election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company
or our assets, for the foreseeable future. This concentrated control may limit stockholders ability to influence corporate matters
and, as a result, we may take actions that our stockholders do not view as beneficial. As a result, the market price of our common stock
could be adversely affected. 

The
price of our shares of common stock is volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

The
trading price of our shares of common stock is volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some
of which are beyond our control, including limited trading volume. In addition to the factors discussed in the Risk Factors 
section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, these factors include, without limitation: 

competition
 from existing technologies and products or new technologies and products that may emerge; 

the
 loss of significant customers, including AT T and Verizon Wireless; 

actual
 or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results; 

failure
 to meet the estimates and projections of the investment community or that we may otherwise provide to the public; 

our
 cash position; 

announcement
 or expectation of additional financing efforts; 

issuances
 of debt or equity securities; 

our
 inability to successfully enter new markets or develop additional products; 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our competitors operating results or changes in their respective growth rates; 

sales
 of our shares of common stock by us, or our stockholders in the future; 

trading
 volume of our shares of common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market; 

market
 conditions in our industry; 

overall
 performance of the equity markets and general political and economic conditions; 

introduction
 of new products or services by us or our competitors; 

additions
 or departures of key management, scientific or other personnel; 

28 

publication
 of research reports about us or our industry or positive or negative recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage by securities
 or industry analysts; 

changes
 in the market valuation of similar companies; 

disputes
 or other developments related to intellectual property and other proprietary rights; 

changes
 in accounting practices; 

significant
 lawsuits, including stockholder litigation; and 

other
 events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

Furthermore,
the public equity markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market
prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance
of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions such as
recessions, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may negatively impact the market price of our shares of common
stock. 

A
decline in the price of our common stock could affect our ability to raise further working capital, which could adversely impact our
ability to continue operations. 

A
prolonged decline in the price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction in
our ability to raise capital. We may attempt to acquire a significant portion of the funds we need in order to conduct our planned operations
through the sale of equity securities; thus, a decline in the price of our common stock could be detrimental to our liquidity and our
operations because the decline may adversely affect investors desire to invest in our securities. If we are unable to raise the
funds we require for all of our planned operations, we may be forced to reallocate funds from other planned uses and may suffer a significant
negative effect on our business plan and operations, including our ability to develop new products or services and continue our current
operations. As a result, our business may suffer, and we may be forced to reduce or discontinue operations. We also might not be able
to meet our financial obligations if we cannot raise enough funds through the sale of our common stock and we may be forced to reduce
or discontinue operations. 

We
do not anticipate paying cash dividends, and accordingly, stockholders must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We intend to retain a significant portion of our future earnings, if
any, to finance the operations, development and growth of our business. Any future determination to declare dividends will be made at
the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on number of factors, including our financial condition,
results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, general business conditions and other factors that our board of
directors may deem relevant. As a result, only appreciation of the price of our common stock, which may never occur, will provide a return
to stockholders. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research or reports about our
business, our share price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our shares of common stock depends, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish
about us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. If no securities or industry analysts undertake coverage of
our company, the trading price for our shares of common stock may be negatively impacted. If we obtain securities or industry analyst
coverage and if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our shares of common stock, changes their opinion of our shares
or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our share price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts
ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our shares of common stock could decrease and we could
lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our share price and trading volume to decline. 

29 

We
are not subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which could negatively affect your investment. 

We
elected in our certificate of incorporation to not be subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law,
or Section 203. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination 
with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became
an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes
a merger, asset sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An interested stockholder 
is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns (or, in certain cases, within three years prior, did own) 15 or more
of the corporation s voting stock. Our decision not to be subject to Section 203 will allow, for example, Arthur D. Sams, our Chairman,
President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary (who beneficially owns approximately 44 of our common stock) to transfer shares in
excess of 15 of our voting stock to a third-party free of the restrictions imposed by Section 203. This may make us more vulnerable
to takeovers that are completed without the approval of our board of directors and/or without giving us the ability to prohibit or delay
such takeovers as effectively. 

Some
provisions of our charter documents and Delaware law may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage an acquisition of us by others,
even if an acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders, and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our
current management. 

Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could make it more difficult for a third party
to acquire us or increase the cost of acquiring us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders. These provisions include: 

a
 requirement that special meetings of stockholders be called only by the board of directors, the president or the chief executive
 officer; 

advance
 notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations for election to our board of directors; and 

the
 authority of the board of directors to issue preferred stock on terms determined by the board of directors without stockholder approval
 and which preferred stock may include rights superior to the rights of the holders of common stock. 

These
anti-takeover provisions and other provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult for stockholders
or potential acquirers to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by the then-current board of
directors and could also delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving us. These provisions could also discourage
proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing or cause us to take other
corporate actions you desire. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors could cause
the market price of our common stock to decline. 

Our
certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types
of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable
judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii)
any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders,
(iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation
or our bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 

30 

For
the avoidance of doubt, the exclusive forum provision described above does not apply to any claims arising under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Section 27 of the Exchange
Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder, and Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over
all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

The
choice of forum provision in our bylaws may limit our stockholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find
favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our
directors, officers, employees and agents even though an action, if successful, might benefit our stockholders. The applicable courts
may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may
be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments or results may be more favorable to us than to our stockholders.
With respect to the provision making the Delaware Court of Chancery the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions, stockholders
who do bring a claim in the Delaware Court of Chancery could face additional litigation costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly
if they do not reside in or near Delaware. Finally, if a court were to find this provision of our bylaws inapplicable to, or unenforceable
in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such matters in other jurisdictions, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
results or prevent fraud. As a result, stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm
our business and the trading price of our common stock. 

Effective
internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure
controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered
in their implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection
with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or any subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal
deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective
or retroactive changes to our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls
could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading
price of our common stock. 

31 

We
are required to disclose changes made in our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis and our management is required to
assess the effectiveness of these controls annually. However, for as long as we are a non-accelerated filer under SEC rules,
our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404. An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls could detect problems that
our management s assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal controls could lead to financial statement
restatements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. 

We
incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company and our management expects to devote substantial time to public
company compliance programs. 

As
a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses due to our compliance with regulations and disclosure obligations
applicable to us, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act as well as rules implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq. The SEC and other
regulators have continued to adopt new rules and regulations and make additional changes to existing regulations that require our compliance.
In July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, was enacted. There are significant
corporate governance and executive compensation related provisions in the Dodd-Frank Act that have required the SEC to adopt additional
rules and regulations in these areas. Stockholder activism, the current political environment, and the current high level of government
intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance
costs and impact, in ways we cannot currently anticipate, the manner in which we operate our business. Our management and other personnel
devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance programs and monitoring of public company reporting obligations and, as a result
of the new corporate governance and executive compensation related rules, regulations, and guidelines prompted by the Dodd-Frank Act
and further regulations and disclosure obligations expected in the future, we will likely need to devote additional time and costs to
comply with such compliance programs and rules. These rules and regulations cause us to incur significant legal and financial compliance
costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 

To
comply with the requirements of being a public company, we may need to undertake various activities, including implementing new internal
controls and procedures and hiring new accounting or internal audit staff. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective
disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure
controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file
with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that information
required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act, is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial
officers. Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate and weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting may be discovered in the future. 

Any
failure to develop or maintain effective controls could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent
registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting which
we may be required to include in our periodic reports we will file with the SEC under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, harm our
operating results, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, or result in a restatement of our prior period financial statements.
In the event that we are not able to demonstrate compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, that our internal control over financial reporting
is perceived as inadequate or that we are unable to produce timely or accurate financial statements, investors may lose confidence in
our operating results and the price of our common stock could decline. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements,
we may not be able to remain listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

We
are not currently required to comply with the SEC rules that implement Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and are therefore not yet
required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for that purpose. However,
we are required to comply with certain of these rules, which require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly
and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting commencing
with our next annual report. This assessment will need to include the disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting identified by our management or our independent registered public accounting firm. We are just beginning the costly
and challenging process of compiling the system and processing documentation needed to comply with such requirements. We may not be able
to complete our evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion. During the evaluation and testing process, if we
identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal
control over financial reporting is effective. 

32 

Raising
additional capital, including through future sales and issuances of our common stock, the exercise of warrants or the exercise of rights
to purchase common stock pursuant to our equity incentive plan could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our
stockholders, could cause our share price to fall and could restrict our operations. 

We
expect that significant additional capital will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including any potential acquisitions,
purchasing of capital equipment, hiring new personnel, and continuing activities as an operating public company. To the extent we seek
additional capital through a combination of public and private equity offerings and debt financings, our stockholders may experience
substantial dilution. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership
interest of our existing stockholders may be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect
the rights of our stockholders. Debt and receivables financings may be coupled with an equity component, such as warrants to purchase
shares of our common stock, which could also result in dilution of our existing stockholders ownership. The incurrence of indebtedness
would result in increased fixed payment obligations and could also result in certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our
 ability to incur additional debt and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our
ability to conduct our business. A failure to obtain adequate funds may cause us to curtail certain operational activities, including
sales and marketing, in order to reduce costs and sustain the business, and would have a material adverse effect on our business and
financial condition. 

Under
our 2016 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, or 2016 Plan, we may grant equity awards covering up to 1,754,385 shares of our common
stock. As of December 31, 2022, we had granted options to purchase an aggregate of 140,000 shares
of common stock and issued 161,347 shares of common stock as stock-based compensation to officers, employees and consultants under the
2016 Plan. Sales of shares issued upon exercise of options or granted under our 2016 Plan may result in material dilution to our existing
stockholders, which could cause our share price to fall. 

Our
issuance of shares of preferred stock could adversely affect the market value of our common stock, dilute the voting power of common
stockholders and delay or prevent a change of control. 

Our
board of directors has the authority to cause us to issue, without any further vote or action by the stockholders, up to 5,000,000 shares
of preferred stock in one or more series, to designate the number of shares constituting any series, and to fix the rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption, redemption price or prices
and liquidation preferences of such series. 

The
issuance of shares of preferred stock with dividend or conversion rights, liquidation preferences or other economic terms favorable to
the holders of preferred stock could adversely affect the market price for our common stock by making an investment in the common stock
less attractive. For example, investors in the common stock may not wish to purchase common stock at a price above the conversion price
of a series of convertible preferred stock because the holders of the preferred stock would effectively be entitled to purchase common
stock at the lower conversion price causing economic dilution to the holders of common stock. 

Further,
the issuance of shares of preferred stock with voting rights may adversely affect the voting power of the holders of our other classes
of voting stock either by diluting the voting power of our other classes of voting stock if they vote together as a single class, or
by giving the holders of any such preferred stock the right to block an action on which they have a separate class vote even if the action
were approved by the holders of our other classes of voting stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock may also have the effect
of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company without further action by the stockholders, even where stockholders
are offered a premium for their shares. 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
 2. 
 Properties. 

Our
principal offices are located in Gardena, California, where we lease a 40,000 square feet facility that includes our corporate staff
offices, our manufacturing facility, and our research and development center. We also lease a 29,000 square foot manufacturing facility
and a 20,000 square foot storage facility near our principal offices. We believe that our current facilities are sufficient to accommodate
our anticipated production volumes for the next twelve months. If required, additional office and manufacturing space is available within
less than three miles from our present location. 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 

From
time to time, we may be involved in general commercial disputes arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently
involved in legal proceedings that could reasonably be expected to have material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial
condition or results of our operation. 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

33 

PART
II 

Item
5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Shares
of our common stock trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol POLA. 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had 12,949,550 shares of common stock outstanding held of record by approximately 21 stockholders. These holders
of record include depositories that hold shares of stock for brokerage firms which, in turn, hold shares of stock for numerous beneficial
owners. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Item
6. 
 [RESERVED]. 

Item
7. 
 Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements
and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical
information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Our
actual results may differ materially from those discussed below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future period,
and results for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. 

34 

Overview 

We
design, manufacture, and sell DC power generators, renewable energy and cooling systems for applications primarily in the telecommunications
market and, to a lesser extent, in other markets, including military, electric vehicle charging, marine and industrial. We are continuously
diversifying our customer base. We are selling our products into non-telecommunication markets and applications at an increasing rate. 

Within
the various markets we service, our DC power systems provide reliable and low-cost DC power to service applications that do not have
access to the utility grid (i.e., prime power applications) or have critical power needs and cannot be without power in the event of
utility grid failure (i.e., back-up power applications). 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 96 and 89 , respectively, of our total net sales were within the telecommunications market.
In 2022, our two largest customers represented 66 and 23 of our total net sales, respectively, one being a Tier-1 telecommunications
customer in the U.S. and one being a telecommunications customer outside the U.S. In 2021, we had 67 of our total net sales derived
from our largest customer, which is a Tier-1 telecommunications customer in the U.S There was no other revenue from customers in excess
of 10 of total net sales in either period. During those periods, the majority of our sales were of our DC base powers systems. During
2022 and 2021, sales to international customers accounted for 25 and 8 of total revenue, respectively. Sales to military customers
during 2022 and 2021 accounted for 1 and 6 of total revenues, respectively. During 2022 and 2021, sales to other markets accounted
for 3 and 5 of total revenue, respectively. 

Advance
Mobility applications require power to charge batteries and appliances within a vehicle. Our DC power systems are smaller in size, lighter
in weight, and operate with greater efficiency than AC power systems, making our product ideal for these applications. 

We
have supplied our DC generators to many automotive manufactures in support of their remote field testing of electric vehicles. We are
presently in development of natural gas CHP home chargers as a solution to many homes that are not able to support fast charging using
the electric grid. We believe we can compete with the electric utility rates for home and office charging by using natural gas and making
use of surplus heat from the generator in certain bad grid and remote area applications. Our DC mobile EV charging systems can operate
with diesel or propane and are ideal for emergency road service to rapid charge EV s stranded without a charge. Our DC mobile EV
charging systems offer convenience, faster charging, and lower cost than towing an EV on a flatbed to a charging station. We have shipped
DC mobile EV charging systems used to extend range for specialty vehicles used in applications requiring low emissions. Our DC mobile
EV charging systems provide direct charging to an electric vehicle s battery. 

We
also developed DC power systems for medium to large solar PV applications to provide energy service for irrigation, refrigerated storage
of meat and produce, and micro grid. By combining the energy of solar PV and propane or natural gas, our DC power systems can provide
constant energy 24 hours a day without using expensive energy storage. Propane or natural gas fueled DC power systems are connected in
parallel with the solar array (also a DC energy source) greatly simplifying the means of combining multiple energy sources. This process
is more efficient and lowers both the CAPEX and OPEX of the Solar systems by eliminating battery storage and / or connection to the grid.
Currently, the most popular technologies used in these applications are either grid power, diesel only, or a combination of grid and
solar with a large battery bank. Our proposed technology is more environmentally friendly and lowers the cost of food processing. Currently,
we have sold a limited number of our DC power systems that are undergoing field trials. 

We
expect that opportunities in the bad-grid (i.e., areas where wireless towers are connected to an electrical grid that loses power for
more than eight hours), and off-grid (i.e., areas where wireless towers are not connected to an electrical grid) applications, which
include telecommunications towers, commercial and residential backup power, electric vehicle charging, mini-grid and various
other power applications, will help to expand the market for our natural gas/LPG (propane) product lines domestically and internationally.
We plan to develop new configurations of DC power system, battery storage and solar products to optimize the match between our solutions
and various application needs. 

Serving
these various markets, we offer the following three configurations of our DC power systems, with output power ranging from 5 kW to 50
kW: 

DC
 base power systems . These stationary systems integrate a DC generator and automated controls with remote monitoring, which
 are typically contained within an environmentally regulated enclosure. 

DC
 hybrid power systems . These systems incorporate lithium-ion batteries (or other advanced battery chemistries) with our proprietary
 battery management system into our standard DC power systems. 

DC
 solar hybrid power systems . These stationary systems incorporate photovoltaic and other sources of renewable energy into
 our DC hybrid power system. 

Mobile
 power systems . These stationary systems incorporate photovoltaic and other sources
 of renewable energy into our DC hybrid power system. 

Our
DC power systems are available in diesel, natural gas, LPG / propane and renewable formats, with diesel, natural gas and propane gas
being the predominate formats. 

35 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

We
believe that the following critical accounting policies, among others, affect our more significant judgment and estimates used in the
preparation of our financial statements: 

Revenue
Recognition. We recognize revenue in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 606,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). ASC 606 requires entities to recognize revenue through the application
of a five-step model, which includes: identification of the contract; identification of the performance obligations; determination of
the transaction price; allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations; and recognition of revenue as the entity satisfies
the performance obligations. 

Substantially
all of our revenue is derived from product sales. Product revenue is recognized when performance obligations under the terms of a contract
are satisfied, which occurs for us upon shipment or delivery of products or services to our customers based on written sales terms, which
is also when control is transferred. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for transferring
the products or services to a customer. We determine whether delivery has occurred based on when title transfers and the risks and rewards
of ownership have transferred to the customer, which usually occurs when we place the product with the customer s carrier or deliver
the product to a customer s location. We regularly review our customers financial positions to ensure that collectability
is reasonably assured. 

We
also recognize revenue from the rental of equipment. Our rental revenues have not been significant to date and have accounted for less
than one percent of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Warranty
Costs . We provide limited warranties for parts and labor at no cost to our customers within a specified time period after the sale.
Our standard warranty on new products is two years from the date of delivery to the customer. We offer a limited extended warranty of
up to five years on our certified DC power systems based on application and usage. Our warranties are of an assurance-type and come standard
with all of our products to cover repair or replacement should product not perform as expected. Provisions for estimated expenses related
to product warranties are made at the time products are sold. These estimates are established using historical information about the
nature, frequency and average cost of warranty claim settlements as well as product manufacturing and recovery from suppliers. Management
actively studies trends of warranty claims and takes action to improve product quality and minimize warranty costs. We estimate the actual
historical warranty claims coupled with an analysis of unfulfilled claims to record a liability for specific warranty purposes. 

Inventory .
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost determined on a first-in, first-out FIFO basis. We record adjustments to our inventory based on an estimated forecast of the inventory demand, taking into consideration, among
others, inventory turnover, inventory quantities on hand, unfilled customer order quantities, forecasted demand, current prices, competitive
pricing, and trends and performance of similar products. If the estimated net realizable value is determined to be less than the recorded
cost of the inventory, the difference is recognized as a loss in the period in which it occurs. Once inventory has been written down,
it creates a new cost basis for inventory that may not subsequently written up. 

36 

Stock-Based
Compensation. We periodically issue stock-based compensation to officers, directors, employees, and consultants for services rendered.
Such issuances vest and expire according to terms established at the issuance date. 

Stock-based
payments to officers, directors, employees, and for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees, which include grants of employee
stock options, are recognized in the financial statements based on their grant date fair values in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation-Stock
Compensation . Stock option grants to officers, directors, employees, and consultants, which are generally time vested, are measured
at the grant date fair value and depending on the conditions associated with the vesting of the award, compensation cost is recognized
on a straight-line or graded basis over the vesting period. Recognition of compensation expense for non-employees is in the same period
and manner as if we had paid cash for the services. The fair value of stock options granted is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model, which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free interest rates, expected volatility, expected life, and future dividends.
The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model could materially affect compensation expense recorded in future periods. 

Effects
of Inflation 

The
impact of inflation and changing prices during 2022 has not been significant on the financial condition or results of operations of our
company. Rapid changes in the global economy may cause significant spikes in inflation which may
have an impact in our financial condition during 2023 and beyond. Because some of our contracts are at a fixed price, we face the risk
that cost overruns or inflation may exceed, erode or eliminate our expected profit margin, or cause us to record a loss on certain projects.
We are taking actions to manage the potential impacts of these matters and we will continue to assess the actual and expected impacts
and the need for further action. 

37 

Impact
of Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See
 Note 1 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Recent Accounting Pronouncements of
the Notes to Financial Statements commencing on page F-7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for management s discussion as to the
impact of recent accounting pronouncements. 

Financial
Performance Summary Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Our
net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 16,056, as compared to 16,896 for the year ended December 31, 2021. We reported
a net loss of 5,584 for 2022, as compared to net loss of 1,414 for 2021. Our revenues during these periods are primarily due to our
telecommunications customers increasing their investments in back-up power generators primarily to support expansion of their network
infrastructure. 

Labor
shortages caused by COVID-19 and supply chain constraints that affected timely delivery of raw materials required to complete our DC
power systems resulted in approximately 3,500 of expected shipments to be postponed from 2022 to the first half of 2023. 

During
2022, our international sales increased 211 to 3,983, as compared to 1,279 during 2021. The increase in international sales is primarily
due to a new telecommunications customer in the South Pacific Islands. 

Our
sales backlog as of December 31, 2022, was 12,001, with 47 of that amount being attributable to our largest U.S. telecommunications
customer, 16 represented purchases from other telecommunications customers in the U.S., 32 represented
purchases from telecommunications customers outside the U.S., 1 represented purchase from customers in the marine industry, 1 
represented purchases from customers in the military markets, and 3 represented purchases from customer in other markets. 

We
plan to continue to expand our customer base in all market segments. We also anticipate that our sales will increase as we overcome supply
chain and labor issues. We plan to continue to take proactive steps to manage our operations and mitigate the financial impacts of higher
costs and supply chain issues. However, the full impact on our financial and operating performance of the COVID-19 pandemic along with
geopolitical factors and increasing inflation concerns will depend significantly on the duration and severity of these factors, the actions
taken to mitigate their impact, disruption to our supply chain, and the pace with which our clients return to more normalized purchasing
behavior, among others factors beyond our knowledge or control. See Risk Factors commencing on page 16 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for additional considerations. 

38 

Results
of Operations 

The
tables presented below, which compare our results of operations from one period to another, present the results for each period, the
change in those results from one period to another in both dollars and percentage change, and the results for each period as a percentage
of net revenues. The columns present the following: 

The
 first two data columns in each table show the absolute results for each period presented. 

The
 columns entitled Dollar Variance and Percentage Variance shows the change in results, both in dollars
 and percentages. These two columns show favorable changes as a positive and unfavorable changes as negative. For example, when our
 net revenues increase from one period to the next, that change is shown as a positive number in both columns. Conversely, when expenses
 increase from one period to the next, that change is shown as a negative in both columns. 

The
 last two columns in each table show the results for each period as a percentage of net revenues. 

Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 
 Dollar Variance 
 Percentage Variance 
 Results as a Percentage of Net Revenues for the Year Ended December 31, 

Favorable 
 Favorable 

2022 
 2021 
 (Unfavorable) 
 (Unfavorable) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Net sales 
 16,056 
 16,896 
 (840 
 (5 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 
 Cost of sales 
 13,931 
 13,451 
 (480 
 (4 
 86.8 
 79.6 
 
 Gross profit 
 2,125 
 3,445 
 (1,320 
 (38 
 13.2 
 20.4 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 1,471 
 1,488 
 17 
 1 
 9.2 
 8.8 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 1,460 
 1,986 
 526 
 26 
 9.1 
 11.8 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 4,727 
 3,069 
 (1,658 
 (54 
 29.4 
 18.2 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 7,658 
 6,543 
 (1,115 
 (17 
 47.7 
 38.7 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (5,533 
 (3,098 
 (2,435 
 (79 
 (34.5 
 (18.3 
 
 Interest and finance costs 
 (58 
 (60 
 2 
 3 
 (0.4 
 (0.4 
 
 Gain from PPP loan forgiveness 
 
 1,715 
 (1,715 

Other income (expense), net 
 7 
 29 
 (22 
 (76 
 0.0 
 0.2 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (5,584 
 (1,414 
 (4,170 
 (295 
 (34.8 
 (8.4 
 
 Income tax 

Net loss 
 (5,584 
 (1,414 
 (4,170 
 (295 
 (34.8 
 (8.4 

39 

Net
Sales. Net sales decreased by 840, or 5 , to 16,056 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 16,896 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. During 2022 we experienced labor shortages caused by COVID-19 and delays in receiving key components as a result of
supply chain constraints. 

Our
revenue from telecommunications customers, accounted for 96 of total net sales during 2022 and 89 of total net sales during 2021. Our
largest customers during 2022 represented 66 and 23 of our total net sales, respectively, one being a U.S. Tier-1 telecommunications
customer and one being a telecommunications customer outside the U.S. In 2021, our largest customer, a Tier-1 telecommunications customer
in the U.S., represented 67 of our total net sales. There was no other revenue from customers in excess of 10 of total net sales in
either period. 

During
2022 and 2021, sales to international customers accounted for 25 and 8 of total revenue, respectively. Sales to military customers
during 2022 and 2021 accounted for 1 and 6 of total revenues, respectively. Sales to other markets during 2022 and 2021 accounted for
3 and 5 of total revenue, respectively. Most of our sales were of our DC base powers systems during the two years. 

Cost
of Sales . Cost of sales increased by 480, or 4 , to 13,931 during 2022, compared to 13,451 during 2021. Cost of sales as a percentage
of net sales increased from 79.6 in 2021 to 86.8 in 2022 as a result of a decrease in factory overhead absorption due to under-utilization
of the production capacity as a result of labor shortages and supply chain constraints. We believe we will achieve significant reductions
in the cost of sales as a percentage of net sales as supply chain constraints decrease and production increases to normal levels. 

Our
cost of sales for 2021 includes a 1,300 credit to salaries and benefits expense related to the Employee Retention Credit ERC ),
a refundable tax credit recorded in accounts receivable. The ERC assisted business owners and their employees by providing an incentive
to keep workers on the payroll and eligible businesses received a tax credit for a percentage of each eligible employee s wage. 

Gross
Profit . We recognized a gross profit of 2,125 during 2022, as compared to a gross profit of 3,445 during 2021, which represents
a decrease in gross profit of 1,320 or 38 . Gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased to 13.2 in 2022, as compared to 20.4 
in 2021. The decrease in gross profit during 2022 was primarily attributable to a decrease in factory
overhead absorption resulting from lower sales primarily during the third quarter of 2022. 

Sales
and Marketing Expenses. Sales and marketing expenses decreased 17 to 1,471 during 2022, as compared to 1,488 during 2021. The
decrease was attributable to a slight decrease in sales support staff during 2022 as compared the same period in 2021. We plan to increase
our sales force and increase our marketing and tradeshow activities in 2023 to support our diversification strategy and expand our customer
base in all market segments. 

40 

Research
and Development Expenses. During 2022, research and development expenses decreased by 526 to 1,460, as compared to 1,986 during
2021. The decrease in 2022 is attributed to a decrease in engineering staff during 2022 as compared to 2021. Our research and development
efforts during 2022 focused on developing our new 27 kW D.C. power system, our new 4Y Toyota engine control system, and on product design
and customization for our international customers. We plan to recruit additional engineers during 2023 to support new product developments
and our customer diversification efforts. 

General
and Administrative Expenses . Our general and administrative expenses increased by 1,658 to 4,727 during 2022, as compared to 3,069
during 2021. The increase was primarily due to 515 in stock-based compensation to officers, employees and consultants, an increase of
 168 in legal and consulting fees, and smaller increases to insurance, rent, and utilities. 

Our
general and administrative expenses for 2021 include a 700 credit to salaries and benefits expense related to the ERC, a refundable
tax credit recorded in accounts receivable. The ERC assisted business owners and their employees by providing an incentive to keep workers
on the payroll and eligible businesses received a tax credit for a percentage of each eligible employee s wage. 

Interest
and Finance Costs. Our interest expense was 58 in 2022, as compared to 60 in 2021. In 2022, our equipment financing expense decreased
by 11, bank fees related to our line of credit with Pinnacle Bank increased by 9. 

Gain
from PPP Loan Forgiveness . In September 2021, we recognized a non-cash gain of 1,715 within
Other income (expense) on the consolidated statement of operations on the forgiveness of our PPP loan. 

Other
Income (Expense), Net. During 2022, other income was 7, as compared to 29 during 2021, an decrease of 22. The decrease was primarily
attributable to refunds of general liability insurance paid during 2021. 

Net
Loss. As a result of the factors identified above, we generated a net loss of 5,584, or 0.43) per basic and diluted share, for
2022, as compared to net loss of 1,414, or 0.11) per basic and diluted share, for 2021, an increase loss of 4,170. The increase in
net loss is primarily attributed to a decrease in net sales of 840 due to labor shortages and supply chain constraints during 2022,
an increase in operating expenses of 1,115, coupled with the gain from forgiveness of the PPP loan in 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Sources
of Liquidity 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we funded our operations primarily from cash on hand. These funds were also used to increase our engineering
and production staff and inventory to support higher production. As of December 31, 2022, we had working capital of 17,367, as compared
to working capital of 21,760 at December 31, 2021. This 4,393 decrease in working capital is primarily attributable to a 4,890 decrease
in cash and cash equivalents resulting from net cash of 6,507 used in operating activities, net cash used in investing activities of
 25 for the acquisition of new property and equipment, and net cash from financing activities of 1,642 which includes net proceeds of
 1,884 from our credit facility and 242 in repayments of equipment financing. 

On
December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, our net trade receivables totaled 2,230 and 4,243, respectively. On December 31, 2022, 2,006
(90 represented the largest open customer account balance, while 3,131 (74 and 624 (15 represented the two largest open customer
account balances on December 31, 2021. 

At
December 31, 2021, we recognized 2,000 related to the ERC for salaries and benefits expenses incurred during 2021 resulting in a refundable
tax credit. The ERC assist business owners and their employees by providing an incentive to keep workers on the payroll and eligible
businesses received a tax credit for a percentage of each eligible employee s wage. As of December 31, 2022, the ERC is still being
processed by the IRS. 

Our
available capital resources on December 31, 2022, consisted primarily of 211 in cash and cash equivalents, as compared to 5,101 as
of December 31, 2021. We expect our future capital resources will consist primarily of cash on hand, cash generated by operations, drawdowns
on our credit facility with Pinnacle Bank, funds from the ERC, and future debt or equity financings, if any. 

41 

Credit
Facility 

Effective
September 30, 2020, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement, or Loan Agreement, with Pinnacle. The Loan Agreement was amended by
the First Modification to Loan and Security Agreement on October 7, 2020. The Loan Agreement s initial term ended on September
30, 2022. On November 3, 2022, we executed the Second Modification to Loan and Security Agreement with Pinnacle for a two-year term with
an expiration date of September 30, 2024. The Loan Agreement, as amended, provides for a revolving credit facility under which Pinnacle
may, in its sole discretion upon our request, make advances to us in an amount, subject to certain limitations and adjustments, of up
to (a) 85 of the aggregate net face amount of our accounts receivable and other contract rights and receivables, plus (b) the lesser
of (i) 35 of the lower of cost or wholesale market value of certain of our inventory or (ii) 2,500. In no event will the aggregate
amount of the outstanding advances under the revolving credit facility be greater than 4,000. 

Interest
accrues on the daily balance at a rate of 1.25 above the prime rate, or the Standard Interest Rate, but in no event will the Standard
Interest Rate be less than 3.75 per annum. Interest on the portion of the daily balance consisting of advances against inventory accrues
interest at a rate of 2.25 above the prime rate per annum, or the Inventory Interest Rate, but in no event will the Inventory Interest
Rate be less than 4.75 per annum. The Loan Agreement also contains a financial covenant requiring us to attain an effective tangible
net worth, defined as our total assets, excluding all intangible assets, less our total liabilities plus loans to us from our officers,
stockholders or employees that have been subordinated to our obligations to Pinnacle, greater than 6,000 as determined by Pinnacle as
of the end of each fiscal quarter. 

We
have an outstanding balance of 1,884 under the Loan Agreement at December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had availability
under the Loan Agreement of 1,137 and we believe that we are in compliance with the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement. 

Paycheck
Protection Program Loan 

On
May 4, 2020, we entered into a loan with Citibank, N.A. in an aggregate principal amount of 1,715, or the PPP Loan, pursuant to the
Paycheck Protection Program, or the PPP, under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, or the CARES Act. 

The
PPP Loan is evidenced by a promissory note dated May 4, 2020. The PPP Loan matures two years from the disbursement date and bears interest
at a rate of 1 per annum. We filed our application for a full loan forgiveness to Citibank on July 30, 2021 and the application is under
the bank s review. Interest accrues during the time between the disbursement of the PPP Loan and SBA remittance of the forgiveness
amount. We are responsible for paying the accrued interest on any amount of the loan that is not forgiven. Principal and interest are
payable monthly commencing on loan amounts not forgiven and may be prepaid by us at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties.
We applied ASC 470, Debt , to account for the PPP Loan. 

Under
the terms of the CARES Act, recipients of PPP loans can apply for and be granted forgiveness for all or a portion of loans granted under
the PPP. The Company filed its application for a full loan forgiveness to Citibank in July 2021. On September 28, 2021, the Company received
noticed from Citibank indicating that the SBA rendered final decision approving loan forgiveness in the amount of 1,715. As a result,
 we recognized a non-cash gain of 1,715 within Other income (expense) on the statement of operations. 

42 

Cash
Flow 

The
following table sets forth the significant sources and uses of cash for the periods set forth below (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net Cash Provided By (Used In): 

Operating Activities 
 (6,507 
 (9,380 
 
 Investing Activities 
 (25 
 (71 
 
 Financing Activities 
 1,642 
 12,906 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 (4,890 
 3,455 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities for 2022 was 6,507, as compared to 9,380 for the same period in 2021. This increase in net cash used
in 2022 was primarily due to a net loss of 5,584, a decrease in accounts receivable of 2,013, a decrease in prepaid expenses of 1,377,
an increase in inventories of 6,443, and an increase in customer deposits of 1,229. 

At
December 31, 2021, we recognized 2.0 million related to the ERC for salaries and benefits expenses incurred during 2021 resulting in
a refundable tax credit. Of this amount, cost of sales was reduced by 1.3 million as a result of the ERC, and general administrative
expenses was reduced by 0.7 million as a result of the ERC. The ERC assist business owners and their employees by providing an incentive
to keep workers on the payroll and eligible businesses received a tax credit for a percentage of each eligible employee s wage. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities for 2022 totaled 25, as compared to 71 for 2021, an increase of 46. The net cash used in investing
activities in 2022 was attributable to in new manufacturing equipment. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities totaled 1,642 for 2022, as compared to 12,906 provided by financing activities during 2021, a
decrease of 11,264. This decrease was primarily due to the issuance and sale of 750,000 shares of our common stock in a firm commitment
underwritten public offering on February 10, 2021. We received net proceeds of approximately 12,466 from the sale of the shares after
deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable by us. During 2022, we received 1,884 in proceeds
from advances from our credit facility at Pinnacle Bank and repaid 242 on our equipment financing notes payable.. 

43 

Backlog 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a backlog of 12,001. The amount of backlog represents revenue that we anticipate recognizing in the future,
as evidenced by purchase orders and other purchase commitments received from customers, but on which work has not yet been initiated
or with respect to which work is currently in progress. Backlog at December 31, 2022, was comprised of the following elements: 63 in
purchases of DC power systems by telecommunications customers in the U.S., 32 in purchases by telecommunications customers outside the
U.S., 1 in purchases by customers in the marine industry, 1 in purchases in military markets, and 3 in purchases by customers in other
markets. Due to overall shortage of commodities worldwide caused by COVID, our largest customers have placed orders with delivery dates
up to nine months in the future. We believe this provides us better control on operational efficiencies and inventory management. We
believe the majority of our backlog will be shipped within the next twelve months. However, there can be no assurance that we will be
successful in fulfilling such orders and commitments in a timely manner or that we will ultimately recognize as revenue the amounts reflected
in our backlog. 

Item
7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Reference
is made to the financial statements, which begin at page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item
9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Finance Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, evaluated, as of the end of
the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.
Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving their objectives and our management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible
controls and procedures. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable
assurance transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, (b) our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and
directors; and (c) regarding the prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could
have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
(2013). Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting
was effective. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d)
and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. 
 Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

44 

PART
III 

Item
10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Executive
Officers and Directors 

The
following table sets forth the names, ages and positions of our executive officer and directors as of the date of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions
 Held 

Executive
 Officers 

Arthur
 D. Sams 
 
 71 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary 
 
 Luis
 Zavala 
 
 53 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Non-Employee
 Directors 

Keith
 Albrecht 
 
 72 
 
 Director 
 
 Peter
 Gross 
 
 72 
 
 Director 
 
 Katherine
 Koster 
 
 60 
 
 Director 

Executive
Officers and Employee Director 

Arthur
D. Sams has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our Board since August 1991 and as our Secretary since
October 2016. Under his leadership, we have grown to be a leading brand name in the design and manufacturing of DC power systems for
the telecommunications, military, automotive, marine and industrial markets. He specializes in the design of thermodynamics and power
generation systems. During his early career, he gained vast industry experience while working as a machinist, engineer, project manager,
chief technical officer and consultant for various Fortune 500 companies and the U.S. Department of Defense and the U.S. Department of
Energy. Mr. Sams studied at California State Polytechnic University Pomona and the University California at Irvine with a dual major
in biology and engineering. 

In
nominating Mr. Sams, our Board considered his Board and executive level leadership, broad international exposure, and extensive global
experience in engineering and manufacturing as key attributes in his selection. The Board believes that through his experience in product
development and international operations over the past three decades he can provide our company with particular insight into global opportunities
and new markets for our current and planned future product lines. 

Luis
Zavala has served as our Chief Financial Officer since April 2018 and previously served as our Vice President Finance from August
2009 to April 2018 and as our Acting Chief Financial Officer from March 2016 to March 2018. Prior to that, Mr. Zavala served as the President
of Sky Limited Enterprises, a general contractor, from June 2006 to August 2009. Prior thereto, Mr. Zavala worked as Director of Finance
for Legacy Long Distance International, a telecommunications operator service provider company, from March 2001 to May 2006. Mr. Zavala
also has over 25 years of experience managing accounting and finance departments in various industries, including banking and telecommunications.
Mr. Zavala has a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Administration from the California State University, Northridge and an MBA from
the Keller Graduate School of Management, Long Beach. 

Rajesh
Masina served as our Chief Operating Officer from April 2018 until January 2022 and previously served as our Vice President Operations
from August 2009 to April 2018. On January 10, 2022, Rajesh Masina notified us of his resignation
from the position of our Chief Operating Officer, effective January 21, 2022. Mr. Masina s resignation from the Company was not
a result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter related to its operations, policies or practices. 

45 

Non-Employee
Directors 

Keith
Albrecht has served as a member of our Board since May 2016 and serves as a member of each of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee
and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Albrecht has extensive experience as a commercial real estate appraiser for commercial
banks and local governments. Mr. Albrecht was an appraiser for commercial buildings for the County of Orange, California, from 1996 to
2007, where he was responsible for the assessment of property values of shopping malls, office buildings, hotels and apartment buildings.
Prior thereto, Mr. Albrecht was an appraiser for Security Pacific and Bank of America, from 1985 to 1996. Mr. Albrecht is currently retired
and invests in startups and small cap companies. In nominating Mr. Albrecht, our Board considered his commercial real estate appraisal
experience, which our Board believes gives him particular insight into analysis of income statements and balance sheets, debt analysis
and audits of large commercial institutions. 

In
nominating Mr. Albrecht, our Board considered his Board and executive level leadership, high level financial expertise, and extensive
expertise in risk management as key attributes in his selection. The Board believes Mr. Albrecht can provide our Company particular insight
into analysis of financial statements, debt analysis, and risk oversight. 

Peter
Gross has served as a member of our Board since December 2018 and serves as a member of each of our Audit Committee, Compensation
Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Gross is a technology and energy internationally recognized expert whose
career spans over three decades. He has been the managing partner of PMG Associates, a consulting and advisory firm since August 2019.
In addition, he sits on several boards of directors and boards of advisors for public, private and not-for-profit companies. Prior to
PMG Associates, Mr. Gross served as the Vice President of Mission Critical Systems at Bloom Energy, a fuel cell power systems company
located in Sunnyvale, California. Mr. Gross holds a master s degree in Electrical Engineering from Polytechnic Institute of Bucharest
and an MBA from California State University at Dominguez Hills. Mr. Gross is also a member of the Advisory Board of UCLA s Institute
of Environment and Sustainability and a member of Southern Methodist University s Data Center System Engineering Board of Advisors.
In nominating Mr. Gross, our Board considered his significant engineering experience in the power systems industry, especially for data
center and telecommunications applications. Our Board believes that Mr. Gross will provide critical leadership as we expand our DC power
systems within the data and military markets. 

In
nominating Mr. Gross, our Board considered his Board and executive level leadership, his extensive energy industry expertise, and experience
with global publicly traded companies as key attributes in his selection. Our Board believes that Mr. Gross will provide critical leadership
as we expand our DC power systems within the data and military markets. 

Katherine
Koster has served as a member of our Board since December 2019 and serves as a member of each of our Audit Committee and Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. Ms. Koster has been in the field of public finance for over 28 years and is a managing director in
Debt Capital Markets for Hilltop Securities, LLC, where she assists municipalities and developers in accessing the capital markets to
fund critical infrastructure since February 2022. Ms. Koster was a managing director of public finance at D.A. Davidson from February
2021 to February 2022 and with Piper Sandler Companies from June 2008 to February 2021. Ms. Koster holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree in
Theater/Business Administration from Pepperdine University and has completed the Women in Governance: Preparing for Board Membership 
corporate governance program at the UCLA Anderson School of Management. Ms. Koster holds the SIE, Series 7, and Series 79TO licenses
issued by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Series 50, 52TO and Series 53 licenses issued by the Municipal Securities Rulemaking
Board and a Series 63 certificate issued by the North American Securities Administrators Association. 

In
nominating Ms. Koster, our Board considered her Board and executive level leadership, extensive experience with capital markets, and
high level financial expertise as key attributes in her selection. Our Board believes that Ms. Koster s investment banking experience
and her high level of financial literacy and expertise and experience in capital raising activities will provide strategic insight to
financial decisions for future Company initiatives. 

Election
of Officers; Family Relationships 

Our
executive officers are appointed by, and serve at the discretion of, our board of directors. There are no family relationships among
any of our directors or executive officers. 

46 

Board
Composition 

Our
board of directors currently consists of four members: Arthur D. Sams, Keith Albrecht, Peter Gross, and Katherine Koster. Our directors
hold office until their successors have been elected and qualified or until the earlier of their resignation or removal. 

Our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the entire
Board. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws also provide that any vacancy on our Board, including a vacancy resulting from an
expansion of our Board, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office, although less than a quorum or by a
sole remaining director. 

We
recognize the value of diversity on the Board. Although our priority in selection of board members is identification of members who will
further the interests of our stockholders through his or her established record of professional accomplishment, the ability to contribute
positively to the collaborative culture among board members, knowledge of our business and understanding of the competitive landscape,
we are currently focusing on female candidates and candidates from underrepresented communities. 

Independence
of our Board of Directors and Board Committees 

Rule
5605 of the Nasdaq Listing Rules requires a majority of a listed company s board of directors to be comprised of independent
directors, as defined in such rule, subject to specified exceptions. In addition, the Nasdaq Listing Rules require that, subject
to specified exceptions: each member of a listed company s audit, compensation and nominating committees be independent as defined
under the Nasdaq Listing Rules; audit committee members also satisfy independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and compensation committee members also satisfy an additional independence
test for compensation committee members under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

Our
Board has evaluated the independence of its members based upon the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market and the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Applying these standards, our Board determined that none of the directors, other than Mr. Sams, have a relationship that would interfere
with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that each of those directors is independent 
as that term is defined under Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. Mr. Sams is not considered independent because he is an officer
of Polar. As such, a majority of our Board is comprised of independent directors as defined under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

Role
of Board in Risk Oversight Process 

One
of the key functions of our Board is informed oversight of our risk management process. Our Board does not have a standing risk management
committee, but rather administers this oversight function directly through the Board as a whole, as well as through its standing committees
that address risks inherent in their respective areas of oversight. In particular, our Board is responsible for monitoring and assessing
strategic risk exposure. Our Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and discussing our major financial risk exposures and the steps
our management has taken to monitor and control these exposures, including guidelines and policies with respect to risk assessment and
risk management. Our Audit Committee also monitors compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and reviews related party transactions,
in addition to oversight of the performance of our external audit function. Our Board monitors the effectiveness of our corporate governance
guidelines. Our Compensation Committee assesses and monitors whether any of our compensation policies and programs has the potential
to encourage excessive risk-taking. The Board believes its leadership structure is consistent with and supports the administration of
its risk oversight function. 

Board
Committees and Meetings 

Our
board of directors has established standing committees in connection with the discharge of its responsibilities. These committees include
an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The composition and responsibilities
of each committee are described below. Members serve on committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our board
of directors. Each of these committees has adopted a written charter that satisfies the applicable standards of the SEC and the Nasdaq
Listing Rules, which we have posted on the investor relations section of our website. 

Audit
Committee 

The
members of our Audit Committee are Messrs. Albrecht and Gross and Ms. Koster. Mr. Albrecht is the chair of the Audit Committee. Each
member of the Audit Committee satisfies the heightened audit committee independence requirements under the Nasdaq Listing Rules and Rule
10A-3 of the Exchange Act. In addition, our board of directors has determined that Mr. Albrecht qualifies as an audit committee financial
expert, as that term is defined under SEC rules, and possesses the requisite financial sophistication, as defined under the Nasdaq Listing
Rules. Our Audit Committee assists our board of directors in its oversight of our accounting and financial reporting process and the
audits of our financial statements. 

Under
its charter, our Audit Committee is responsible for, among other things: 

overseeing accounting and financial reporting process; 

selecting, retaining and
 replacing independent auditors and evaluating their qualifications, independence and performance; 

reviewing and approving scope of the annual audit and
 audit fees; 

47 

discussing with management
 and independent auditors the results of annual audit and review of quarterly financial statements; 

reviewing adequacy and
 effectiveness of internal control policies and procedures; 

approving retention of
 independent auditors to perform any proposed permissible non-audit services; 

overseeing internal audit
 functions and annually reviewing audit committee charter and committee performance; 

preparing the audit committee
 report that the Securities and Exchange Commission requires in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing and evaluating
 the performance of the Audit Committee, including compliance with its charter. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
members of our Compensation Committee are Messrs. Gross and Albrecht. Mr. Gross is the chair of the Compensation Committee. Each member
of our Compensation Committee is independent as defined under the Nasdaq Listing Rules and satisfies Nasdaq s additional independence
standards for compensation committee members. Messrs. Gross and Albrecht are non-employee directors within the meaning of Rule 16b-3
under the Exchange Act and outside directors as defined by Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. Our Compensation Committee assists
our Board in the discharge of its responsibilities relating to the compensation of our executive officers. 

Under
its charter, our Compensation Committee is responsible for, among other things: 

developing and maintaining an executive compensation
 policy and monitor the results of that policy; 

recommending to our board of directors for approval
 compensation and benefit plans; 

reviewing and approving
 annually corporate and personal goals and objectives to serve as the basis for the CEO s compensation, evaluating the CEO s
 performance in light of those goals and objectives and determining the CEO s compensation based on that evaluation; 

determining and approving the annual compensation for
 other executive officers; 

retaining or obtaining the advice of a compensation
 consultant, outside legal counsel or other advisor; 

approving any grants of
 stock options, restricted stock, performance shares, stock appreciation rights, and other equity-based incentives to the extent provided
 under our equity compensation plans; 

reviewing and making recommendations
 to our board of directors regarding the compensation of non-employee directors; and 

reviewing and evaluating
 the performance of the Compensation Committee, including compliance with its charter. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
members of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are Messrs. Gross and Albrecht and Ms. Koster. Mr. Gross is the chair of
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Each member of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is independent as
defined under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. Under its charter, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for, among
other things: 

considering and reviewing periodically the desired
 composition of our board of directors; 

establishing any qualifications and standards for individual
 directors; 

48 

identifying, evaluating and nominating candidates for
 election to our board of directors; 

ensuring that the members
 of our board of directors satisfy SEC and Nasdaq independence and other requirements relating to membership on our board of directors
 and committees; 

making recommendations
 to our board of directors regarding the size of the board of directors, the tenure and classifications of directors, and the composition
 of the committees of the board of directors; 

considering other corporate governance and related
 matters as requested by our board of directors; and 

reviewing and evaluating
 the performance of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, including compliance with its charter. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

Since
July 2016, all officer compensation and bonuses for executive officers has been determined by our Compensation Committee which is comprised
of two independent directors. 

None
of our executive officers serves, or in the past has served, as a member of our Board or Compensation Committee, or other committee serving
an equivalent function, of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as members of our Board or our Compensation Committee.
None of the members of our Compensation Committee is or has been an officer or employee of Polar. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal
executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions.
A copy of the code is available on the investor relations section of our website, which is located at https://polarpower.com/. If we
make any substantive amendments to, or grant any waivers from, the code of business conduct and ethics for any officer or director, we
will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website or in a current report on Form 8-K. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

For
2022, our Compensation Committee established an executive compensation plan for our President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer and Chief Operating Officer, whom we refer to collectively as our executive officers, with the following objectives: 

attract,
 retain, motivate and reward our executive officers who are responsible for our success; 

align
 and strengthen the mutual interests of our executive officers, our company and our stockholders; 

deliver
 compensation that reflects our financial and operational performance, while at the same time providing the opportunity for our executive
 officers to earn above-targeted total compensation for exceptional individual and company performance; and 

provide
 total compensation to each executive officer that is internally equitable, competitive and influenced by company and individual performance. 

During
2022, compensation of our executive officers was comprised of base salary, non-equity incentives in the form of cash bonuses, and long-term
equity incentives. The cash bonus amounts paid to our executive officers during 2022, as set forth below in Summary Compensation
Table, were approved by our Compensation Committee and were based on a variety of factors regarding our performance during 2022. 

49 

Compensation
Philosophy 

Our
compensation philosophy and objectives are as follows: 

to
 align the interests of our executive officers with those of our stockholders and incent our executive officers to attain our short-
 and long-term financial and business goals; 

to
 ensure that our executive compensation structure and total compensation is fair, reasonable and competitive in the marketplace so
 that we can attract and retain highly qualified personnel in key positions; and 

to
 provide an executive compensation structure and total compensation that are internally equitable based upon each executive officer s
 role and responsibilities. 

Our
Compensation Committee seeks to make executive compensation decisions that embody this philosophy and that are directed towards attaining
these objectives. 

In
implementing our compensation philosophy and objectives, our Compensation Committee reviews and analyzes each executive position, including
the importance and scope of the role and how the position compares to other Polar executive officers. With respect to setting base salaries,
our Compensation Committee also compares these positions to similar positions at a number of publicly traded companies listed on the
New York Stock Exchange and Nasdaq that are engaged in the power manufacturing and design industry. 

We
believe that structuring our executive officer compensation program to align the interests of our executive officers with our interests
and those of our stockholders, and properly incenting our executive officers to attain our short- and long-term business goals, best
serves the interests of our stockholders and creates stockholder value. We believe this occurs through motivating our executive officers
to attain our short- and long-term business goals and retaining these executive officers by providing compensation opportunities that
are competitive in the marketplace. 

Compensation
Governance Practices 

Listed
below are some key examples of our compensation governance practices that are intended to align the interests of our executive officers
with our stockholders, incent the attainment of short- and long-term business objectives and retain highly qualified executive officers: 

Pay
 for performance. A substantial portion of our compensation is tied to meeting specified company and individual objectives. We
 structure total compensation with significant annual cash incentives and a long-term equity component, thereby making a substantial
 portion of each executive officer s targeted total compensation dependent upon company and individual performance as well as
 the performance of our stock price. 

Retention
 through long-term equity awards . We employ long-term equity awards through grants of options that vest in the future. These equity
 awards are designed to aid in our retention of key personnel in important positions and align the interests of our executive officers
 with those of our stockholders. 

Long
 vesting periods . Our equity awards to our executive officers generally vest in annual installments over a three-year period. 

Linkage
 of annual cash incentive compensation plan to our performance . Our annual cash incentive compensation plan links a majority of
 targeted and potential payouts to our financial performance. 

Prohibition
 on hedging and pledging common stock Our executive officers, together with all our employees, are prohibited from engaging in
 hedging, pledging or similar transactions with respect to our common stock. 

50 

No
 perquisites. Our executive officers are not provided with any perquisites or special benefits other than benefits such as healthcare,
 vacation and sick days available to other full-time employees of Polar. 

Change
 in control. All executive officers unvested equity grants accelerate upon any change in control of Polar. 

No
 option re-pricing . Our 2016 Plan does not permit options or stock appreciation rights to be repriced to a lower exercise price
 without the approval of our stockholders, except in connection with certain changes to our capital structure. 

Clawback
 policy If we are required as the result of misconduct to restate our financial results due to our material noncompliance with
 any financial reporting requirements under the federal securities laws, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer may
 be legally required to reimburse us for any bonus or incentive-based or equity-based compensation they receive. 

Role
of our Compensation Committee 

Our
Compensation Committee, with input from our management and one or more independent compensation consultants, establishes, updates and
administers our executive compensation program. Our Compensation Committee establishes our compensation philosophy and objectives; oversees
the design and administration of our executive compensation program; establishes the elements and mix of total compensation; sets the
parameters and specific target metrics of our performance-based incentive compensation plan; and determines the target compensation of
our executive officers. Our Compensation Committee has the authority to retain independent counsel, advisors and other experts to assist
it in the compensation-setting process and receives adequate funding to engage those service providers. 

Role
of Management 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers attend Compensation Committee meetings as requested by the Compensation Committee.
These individuals are not present during executive sessions of Compensation Committee meetings except at the invitation of the Compensation
Committee. 

Comparable
Company Analysis 

Our
Compensation Committee sets base salary compensation of our executive officers using compensation market data as a reference to assist
it in understanding the competitive pay positioning of total compensation and each element of compensation. For 2022, the target for
base salary compensation for our executive officers remained the same as in 2019 and was based on data collected from our peer group
of companies. The peer group of companies selected and used for compensation comparisons is comprised of Nasdaq or NYSE traded power
manufacturing and design companies with revenues below 100 million. The overall composition of the peer group reflects companies of
similar complexity and size to us. As such, we believe that these peer group of companies are reflective of our market for executive
talent. Set forth below is the list of the peer group of companies for 2022: 

Company
 Name 
 
 Description 
 
 Espey Manufacturing ESP (NYSE) 
 
 Power electronics design
 and manufacturing company, products include power supplies, power converters, power distribution equipment. 
 
 Wireless Telecommunications WTT (NYSE) 
 
 Designs and manufactures
 radio frequency and microwave based products for wireless and advance telecommunications industry 
 
 Fuel Cell Energy FCEL(Nasdaq) 
 
 Designs and manufactures
 power generation systems for mobile and stationary power applications. 

The
Compensation Committee reviews the appropriateness of the comparison group used for assessing the compensation of our executive officers
on an annual basis. The data used from our peer group was collected directly from filings made by the peer group of companies with the
SEC. 

51 

Elements
of Total Compensation 

During
2022, our executive officers compensation program included three major elements: 

Base
 Salary 

Non-Equity
 Incentives 

Long-term
 Equity Incentives. 

Base
Salary 

Our
Compensation Committee reviews the base salary levels for our executive officers annually and makes such adjustments as it deems appropriate
after taking into account the officer s level and scope of responsibility and experience, company and individual performance, competitive
market data, and internal pay equity considerations. 

Outlined
below is the base salary data of the peer group of companies outlined above. For 2022, the Compensation Committee kept the same base
salary structure as in 2019. In determining base salary, the Compensation Committee tabulated the average base salary for the executive
officers in the peer group of companies. 

The
Compensation Committee determined on April 2, 2018 that, commencing April 1, 2018, the base salary of our President and Chief Executive
officer be set at approximately 70 of the average base salaries of the peer group of companies and that the base salaries for our Chief
Financial Officer and the Chief Operating Officer be set at approximately 60 of the average base salaries of the peer group of companies,
all of which is reflected in the table set forth below: 

Executive 
 Min 
 Max 
 Average 
 2018 
 2018 to Avg. 
 
 CEO (in ,000) 
 386 
 600 
 400 
 275 
 69 
 
 CFO/COO (in ,000) 
 220 
 391 
 300 
 175 
 58 

Non-Equity
Incentives 

Annual
non-equity incentive compensation for our executive officers consists of cash awards. Participants are eligible for annual cash incentive
compensation based upon our attainment of pre-established financial and business performance goals. The Compensation Committee believes
that these goals will best incent our executive officers to attain our short- and long-term financial and other business goals. 

For
2022, the Compensation Committee determined that each executive officer could earn up to 100 of such executive officer s base
salary based upon the attainment by us of the five financial and other business performance goals set forth below. The minimum and maximum
payout for each performance goal (measured as a percentage of base salary) are set forth immediately below. The specific pre-established
performance goals are set forth in the table following the table set forth immediately below. Participants are eligible to receive awards
at each level of participation (i.e., Minimum Level, Target Level and Maximum Level) to the extent Polar achieves such level. In the
event our performance falls short of a specific performance level, participants will not be eligible to receive an award at that level.
In addition, executive officers had to achieve a minimum of two performance elements in order to qualify for an award in the level. For
example, if at conclusion of 2022 the total revenues were 36 million and none of the additional elements qualified, then the executive
officer would not be eligible for a performance award of 25 of base salary as outlined in the table below. 

Company Performance Element 
 Minimum Level 
 Target Level 
 Maximum Level 
 
 Revenue 
 20 
 25 
 30 
 
 Gross Margin 
 5 
 10 
 15 
 
 EBITDA 
 5 
 10 
 15 
 
 Customer Concentration 
 8 
 15 
 23 
 
 International Sales 
 7 
 12 
 17 
 
 Total 
 50 
 75 
 100 

52 

Company Performance Element 
 Minimum Level 
 Target Level 
 Maximum Level 
 2022 Actual 
 
 Revenue million) 
 30 
 36 
 42 
 16.0 
 
 Gross Margin of revenue) 
 31 
 32 
 33 
 14.5 
 
 EBITDA of revenue) 
 5 
 7 
 9 
 (30.1 
 
 Customer Concentration of total sales) 
 55 
 45 
 35 
 66 
 
 International Sales of total sales) 
 15 
 20 
 25 
 25 

Long-term
Equity Incentives 

Long-term
equity incentive compensation for our executive officers, generally consists of awards of stock options under our 2016 Plan. We believe
that these equity awards offer a balanced and competitive equity compensation arrangement for our executive officers. 

The
Compensation Committee approves equity awards for our executive officers in connection with the annual review of their individual performance
and overall compensation. The annual awards are typically made near the end of the first quarter of the following year. Each award is
designed primarily as a retention tool, typically requiring the executive to remain with Polar for at least one year to receive the benefit
of one-third of the award on partial vesting and at least three years to receive the full benefit of the award on full vesting. We believe
our equity incentive compensation aligns the interests of our executive officers with those of our stockholders and provides each executive
officer with a significant incentive to manage Polar from the perspective of an owner with an equity stake in the business by tying significant
portions of the recipients compensation to the market price of our common stock. 

In
making long-term equity incentive awards, our Compensation Committee sets a target value for the award for each executive officer based
on its judgment about the factors used in setting executive officer total compensation described under Compensation Philosophy 
above as well as our Compensation Committee s judgment regarding the desired mix of base salary, annual non-equity incentives and
long-term equity incentives. Our Compensation Committee also considers outstanding vested and unvested equity awards to executive officers,
the stock ownership levels of executive officers and the potential dilutive effect on our stockholders. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
table and discussion below present compensation information for our following executive officers, which we refer to as our named
executive officers (dollar amounts in thousands): 

Arthur D. Sams, our President, Chief Executive Officer,
 Secretary and Chairman of the Board; 

Rajesh Masina, our former Chief Operating Officer;
 and 

Luis Zavala, our Chief
 Financial Officer. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Stock Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Arthur D. Sams, President, 
 2022 
 275 
 
 55 
 330 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Secretary 
 2021 
 275 

275 

Rajesh Masina, 
 2022 
 175 

175 
 
 Former Chief Operating Officer 
 2021 
 175 

175 

Luis Zavala, 
 2022 
 175 
 
 35 
 210 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 175 

175 

53 

Employment
Agreements 

Arthur
D. Sams 

Our
Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement with Arthur D. Sams, dated as of July 8, 2016, provides for at-will employment of
Mr. Sams as our President and Chief Executive Officer, at an annual base salary of 200. On April 2, 2018, we increased Mr. Sams 
annual base salary to 275 effective as of April 1, 2018. Mr. Sams is eligible to receive an annual discretionary cash bonus to be paid
based upon performance criteria set by our Compensation Committee, as more fully described above, and is eligible to participate in all
of our employee benefit programs including our 2016 Plan. 

Upon
termination by Polar without cause or resignation by Mr. Sams for good reason, Mr. Sams is entitled to receive (i) a lump sum cash payment
equal to 200 of his then-current base salary, (ii) a lump sum cash payment equal to 200 of the amount of average incentive bonus paid
to Mr. Sams during the two calendar years preceding the termination, and (iii) continued health insurance coverage for eighteen months.
If Mr. Sams is terminated without cause or resigns for good reason within three months before or twelve months after a change in control,
Mr. Sams is entitled to (a) a lump sum cash payment equal to 200 of his then-current base salary, (b) a lump sum cash payment equal
to 200 of the amount of average incentive bonus paid to Mr. Sams during the two calendar years preceding the termination, and (c) continued
health insurance coverage for eighteen months. If Mr. Sams becomes disabled, Mr. Sams is entitled to receive a lump sum cash payment
equal to 100 of his then-current base salary and continued health coverage for twelve months. 

The
term for good reason is defined in the Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement as (i) the assignment to Mr.
Sams of any duties or responsibilities that result in the material diminution of Mr. Sams authority, duties or responsibility,
(ii) a material reduction by Polar in Mr. Sams annual base salary, except to the extent the base salaries of all other executive
officers of Polar are accordingly reduced, (iii) a relocation of Mr. Sams place of work, or Polar s principal executive
offices if Mr. Sams principal office is at these offices, to a location that increases Mr. Sams daily one-way commute by
more than fifty miles, or (iv) any material breach by Polar of any material provision of the Amended and Restated Executive Employment
Agreement. 

The
term cause is defined in the Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement as (i) Mr. Sams indictment or conviction
of any felony or of any crime involving dishonesty, (ii) Mr. Sams participation in any fraud or other act of willful misconduct
against Polar, (iii) Mr. Sams refusal to comply with any lawful directive of Polar, (iv) Mr. Sams material breach of his
fiduciary, statutory, contractual, or common law duties to Polar, or (v) conduct by Mr. Sams which, in the good faith and reasonable
determination of our board of directors, demonstrates gross unfitness to serve; provided, however, that in the event that any of the
foregoing events is reasonably capable of being cured, Polar shall, within twenty days after the discovery of the event, provide written
notice to Mr. Sams describing the nature of the event and Mr. Sams shall thereafter have ten business days to cure the event. 

54 

A
 change in control of Polar is deemed to have occurred if, in a single transaction or series of related transactions (i)
any person (as the term is used in Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act), or persons acting as a group, other than a trustee or
fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit program, is or becomes a beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13-3
under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly of securities of Polar representing a majority of the combined voting power of Polar,
(ii) there is a merger, consolidation or other business combination transaction of Polar with or into another corporation, entity or
person, other than a transaction in which the holders of at least a majority of the shares of voting capital stock of Polar outstanding
immediately prior to the transaction continue to hold (either by the shares remaining outstanding or by their being converted into shares
of voting capital stock of the surviving entity) a majority of the total voting power represented by the shares of voting capital stock
of Polar (or the surviving entity) outstanding immediately after the transaction, or (iii) all or substantially all of our assets are
sold. 

Rajesh
Masina 

Our
Executive Employment Agreement with Rajesh Masina, dated as of July 8, 2016, provided for at-will employment as our Vice President Operations
at an annual base salary is 120. On April 2, 2018, we appointed Mr. Masina as our Chief Operating Officer and increased his annual base
salary to 175 effective as of April 1, 2018. Mr. Masina was eligible to receive an annual discretionary cash bonus to be paid based
upon performance criteria set by our Compensation Committee, as more fully described above, and was eligible to participate in all of
our employee benefit programs including our 2016 Plan. 

On
January 12, 2022, Rajesh Masina notified the Company of his resignation, effective January 21, 2022. Mr.
Masina s resignation from the Company was not a result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter related to its operations,
policies or practices. 

Luis
Zavala 

Our
Executive Employment Agreement with Luis Zavala, dated as of July 8, 2016, provides for at-will employment as our Vice President Finance
at an annual base salary of 120. On April 2, 2018, we appointed Mr. Zavala as our Chief Financial Officer and increased his annual base
salary to 175 effective as of April 1, 2018. Mr. Zavala is eligible to receive an annual discretionary cash bonus to be paid based upon
performance criteria set by our Compensation Committee, as more fully described above, and is eligible to participate in all of our employee
benefit programs including our 2016 Plan. The general terms of Mr. Zavala s Executive Employment Agreement are identical to the
terms of Mr. Masina s Executive Employment Agreement. 

2016
Omnibus Incentive Plan 

On
July 8, 2016 our board of directors and stockholders adopted the 2016 Plan. The material terms of the 2016 Plan, as amended, are summarized
below. 

Summary
of the Material Terms of the 2016 Plan 

Purpose .
We established the 2016 Plan to attract, retain and motivate our employees, officers and directors, to promote the success of our business
by linking the personal interests of our employees, officers, consultants, advisors and directors to those of our stockholders and to
encourage stock ownership on the part of management. The 2016 Plan is intended to permit the grant of stock options (both incentive stock
options, or ISOs and non-qualified stock options, or NQSOs or, collectively, Options), stock appreciation rights, or SARS, restricted
stock awards, or Restricted Stock Awards, restricted stock units, or RSUs, incentive awards, or Incentive Awards, other stock-based awards,
or Stock Based Awards, dividend equivalents, or Dividend Equivalents, and cash awards, or Cash Awards. 

55 

Administration .
The 2016 Plan is administered by our Compensation Committee. Our Compensation Committee may act through subcommittees or, with respect
to awards granted to individuals who are not subject to the reporting and other provisions of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and who
are not members of our board of directors or the board of directors of our Affiliates (as defined by the 2016 Plan), delegate to one
or more officers all or part of its duties with respect to such awards. Our Compensation Committee may, at its discretion, accelerate
the time at which any award may be exercised, become transferable or nonforfeitable or become earned and settled including without limitation
(i) in the event of the participant s death, disability, retirement or involuntary termination of employment or service (including
a voluntary termination of employment or service for good reason) or (ii) in connection with a Change in Control (as defined in the 2016
Plan). 

Authorized
Shares . Under the 2016 Plan, we may issue a maximum aggregate of 1,754,385 shares of common stock, all of which may be issued pursuant
to Options, SARs, Restricted Stock Awards, RSUs, Incentive Awards, Stock-Based Awards or Dividend Equivalents. Each share issued in connection
with an award will reduce the number of shares available under the 2016 Plan by one, and each share covered under a SAR will reduce the
number of shares available under the 2016 Plan by one, even though the share is not actually issued upon settlement of the SAR. Shares
relating to awards that are terminated by expiration, forfeiture, cancellation or otherwise without issuance of shares of common stock,
settled in cash in lieu of shares, or exchanged prior to the issuance of shares for awards not involving shares, will again be available
for issuance under the 2016 Plan. Shares not issued as a result of net settlement of an award, tendered or withheld to pay the exercise
price, purchase price or withholding taxes of an award or shares purchased on the open market with the proceeds of the exercise price
of an award will not again be available for issuance under the 2016 Plan. 

Award
Limits . In any calendar year, no participant may be granted awards that relate to more than 350,877 shares of our common stock. For
these purposes, an Option and its corresponding SAR will be counted as a single award. For any Cash Awards that are intended to constitute
annual incentive awards, the maximum amount payable to any one participant with respect to any 12-month period is 5,000. Award limits
that are expressed as a number of shares are subject to the adjustment provisions of the 2016 Plan as described below. 

A
non-employee director may not be granted awards during any single calendar year that, taken together with any cash fees paid to such
non-employee director during such calendar year in respect of the non-employee director s service as a member of the board during
such year, exceeds 500 in total value (calculating the value of any such awards based on the grant date fair value of such awards for
financial accounting purposes). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the board may make exceptions to the foregoing limit (up to twice such
limit) for a non-executive chair of the board or, in extraordinary circumstances, for other individual non-employee directors, as the
board may determine, provided that the non-employee director, receiving such awards may not participate in the decision to make such
awards. 

Written
Agreements . All awards granted under the 2016 Plan will be governed by separate written agreements between the participants and us.
The written agreements will specify the terms of the particular awards. 

Transferability.
 Generally, an award is non-transferable except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and during the lifetime of the participant
to whom the award is granted, the award may only be exercised by, or payable to, the participant. However, the Compensation Committee
may provide that awards, other than ISOs or a Corresponding SAR (as defined in the 2016 Plan) that is related to an ISO, may be transferred
by a participant to immediate family members or trust or other entities on behalf of the Participant and/or family members for charitable
donations. Any such transfer will be permitted only if (i) the participant does not receive any consideration for the transfer and (ii)
the Compensation Committee expressly approves the transfer. The holder of the transferred award will be bound by the same terms and conditions
that governed the award during the period that it was held by the participant, except that such transferee may only transfer the award
by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 

Maximum
Award Period. No award shall be exercisable or become vested or payable more than ten years after the date of grant. 

Compliance
With Applicable Law. No award shall be exercisable, vested or payable except in compliance with all applicable federal and state
laws and regulations (including, without limitation, tax and securities laws), any listing agreement with any stock exchange to which
we are a party, and the rules of all domestic stock exchanges on which our shares may be listed. 

56 

Payment.
 The exercise or purchase price of an award, and any taxes required to be withheld with respect to an award, may be paid in cash or,
if the written agreement so provides, the Compensation Committee may allow a participant to pay all or part of the exercise or purchase
price, and any required withholding taxes, by tendering shares of common stock, through a broker-assisted cashless exercise, by means
of net exercise procedure, or any other specified medium of payment. 

Stockholder
Rights. No participant shall have any rights as our stockholder as a result of issuance of an award until the award is settled by
the issuance of common stock (other than a Restricted Stock Award or RSUs for which certain stockholder rights may be granted). 

Forfeiture
Provisions. Awards do not confer upon any individual any right to continue in our employ or service or in the employ or service of
our Affiliates. All rights to any award that a participant has will be immediately forfeited if the participant is discharged from employment
or service for Cause (as defined in the 2016 Plan). 

Types
of awards 

Options .
Both ISOs and NQSOs may be granted under the 2016 Plan. Our Compensation Committee will determine the eligible individuals to whom grants
of Options will be made, the number of shares subject to each option, the exercise price per share, the time or times at which the option
may be exercised, whether any performance or other conditions must be satisfied before a participant may exercise an option, the method
of payment by the participant, the method of delivery of shares to a participant, whether the Option is an ISO or a NQSO, and all other
terms and conditions of the award. However, the exercise price of an Option may not be less than the fair market value of a share of
common stock on the date the Option is granted. No participant may be granted ISOs that are first exercisable in any calendar year for
shares of common stock having an aggregate fair value (determined on the date of grant) that exceeds 100,000. With respect to an ISO
granted to a participant who is a Ten Percent Shareholder (as defined in the 2016 Plan), the exercise price per share may not be less
than 110 of the fair market value of the common stock on the date the Option is granted. At the Compensation Committee s discretion,
an Option may be granted with or without a Corresponding SAR (as defined below). 

SARs .
A SAR entitles the participant to receive, upon exercise, the excess of the fair market value on that date of each share of common stock
subject to the exercised portion of the SAR over the fair market value of each such share on the date of the grant of the SAR. A SAR
can be granted alone or in tandem with an Option. A SAR granted in tandem with an Option is called a Corresponding SAR and entitles the
participant to exercise the Option or the SAR, at which time the other tandem award expires with respect to the number of shares being
exercised. The Compensation Committee is authorized to determine the eligible individuals to whom grants of SARs will be made, the number
of shares of common stock covered by the grant, the time or times at which a SAR may be exercised and all other terms and conditions
of the SAR. However, no participant may be granted Corresponding SARs that are related to ISOs which are first exercisable in any calendar
year for shares of common stock having an aggregate fair market value (determined on the date of grant) that exceeds 100,000. 

Restricted
Stock Awards and RSUs . A Restricted Stock Award is the grant or sale of shares of common stock, which may be subject to forfeiture
for a period of time or subject to certain conditions. A RSU entitles the participant to receive, upon vesting, shares of our common
stock. We will deliver to the participant one share of common stock for each RSU that becomes earned and payable. With regard to Restricted
Stock Awards, the Compensation Committee is authorized to determine the eligible individuals to whom grants will be made, the number
of shares subject to such grants, the purchase price, if any, to be paid for each share subject to the award of restricted stock, the
time or times at which the restrictions will terminate, and all other terms and conditions of the restricted stock. With regard to RSUs,
the Compensation Committee is authorized to determine the eligible individuals to whom grants will be made, the number of shares subject
to such grants and the vesting conditions entitling a participant to settlement of the RSUs. 

57 

Incentive
Awards . An Incentive Award entitles the participant to receive cash or common stock when certain conditions are met. The Compensation
Committee has the authority to determine the eligible individuals to whom grants will be made and all other terms and conditions of the
Incentive Award. 

Stock-Based
Awards . Stock-Based Awards may be denominated or payable in, valued by reference to or otherwise based on shares of common stock,
including awards convertible or exchangeable into shares of common stock (or the cash value thereof) and common stock purchase rights
and awards valued by reference to the fair market value of the common stock. The Compensation Committee has the authority to determine
the eligible individuals to whom grants will be made and all other terms and conditions of Stock-Based Awards. However, the purchase
price for the common stock under any Stock-Based Award in the nature of a purchase right may not be less than the fair market value of
a share of common stock as of the date the award is granted. Cash awards, as an element of or supplement to any other award under the
2016 Plan, may also be granted. 

Our
Compensation Committee is authorized under the 2016 Plan to grant shares of common stock as a bonus, or to grant shares of common stock
or other awards in lieu of any of our obligations or of our affiliates to pay cash or to deliver other property under the 2016 Plan or
under any other of our plans or compensatory arrangements or any of our affiliates. 

Dividend
Equivalents . Our Compensation Committee may also grant Dividend Equivalents under the 2016 Plan. A Dividend Equivalent is an award
that entitles the participant to receive cash, shares of common stock, other awards or other property equal in value to all or a specified
portion of dividends paid with respect to shares of our common stock. The Compensation Committee is authorized to determine the eligible
individuals to whom grants will be made and all other terms and conditions of the Dividend Equivalents. However, no Dividend Equivalents
may be awarded with an Option, SAR or Stock-Based Award in the nature of purchase rights. 

Cash
Awards. Cash Awards will also be authorized under the 2016 Plan. Cash Awards may be granted as an element of or a supplement to any
other award under the 2016 Plan or as a stand-alone Cash Award. The Compensation Committee will determine the terms and conditions of
any such Cash Awards. 

Performance
Criteria . Our Compensation Committee has the discretion to establish objectively determinable performance conditions for when awards
will become vested, exercisable and payable. These performance conditions may be based on one or any combination of metrics related to
our financial, market or business performance. The form of the performance conditions also may be measured on a company, affiliate, division,
business unit or geographic basis, individually, alternatively or in any combination, subset or component thereof. Performance goals
may reflect absolute entity performance or a relative comparison of entity performance to the performance of a peer group of entities
or other external measure of the selected performance conditions. Profits, earnings and revenues used for any performance condition measurement
may exclude any extraordinary or nonrecurring items. The performance conditions may, but need not, be based upon an increase or positive
result under the aforementioned business criteria and could include, for example and not by way of limitation, maintaining the status
quo or limiting the economic losses (measured, in each case, by reference to the specific business criteria). An award that is intended
to become exercisable, vested or payable on the achievement of performance conditions means that the award will not become exercisable,
vested or payable solely on mere continued employment or service. However, such an award, in addition to performance conditions, may
be subject to continued employment or service by the participant. The performance conditions may include any or any combination of the
following: (a) revenue, (b) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, (c) cash earnings (earnings before
amortization of intangibles), (d) operating income, (e) pre-or after-tax income, (f) earnings per share, (g) net cash flow, (h) net cash
flow per share, (i) net earnings, (j) return on equity, (k) return on total capital, (l) return on sales, (m) return on net assets employed,
(n) return on assets or net assets, (o) share price performance, (p) total stockholder return, (q) improvement in or attainment of expense
levels, (r) improvement in or attainment of working capital levels, (s) net sales, (t) revenue growth or product revenue growth, (u)
operating income (before or after taxes), (v) pre-or after-tax income (before or after allocation of corporate overhead and bonus), (w)
earnings per share; (x) return on equity, (y) appreciation in and/or maintenance of the price of the shares of common stock, (z) market
share, (aa) gross profits, (bb) comparisons with various stock market indices; (cc) reductions in cost, (dd) cash flow or cash flow per
share (before or after dividends), (ee) return on capital (including return on total capital or return on invested capital), (ff) cash
flow return on investments; (gg) improvement in or attainment of expense levels or working capital levels, (hh) stockholder equity and/or
(ii) other criteria selected by the Compensation Committee. 

58 

Our
Compensation Committee has the discretion to select one or more periods of time over which the attainment of one or more of the foregoing
performance conditions will be measured for the purpose of determining when an award will become vested, exercisable or payable. The
Compensation Committee has the authority to adjust goals and awards in the manner set forth in the 2016 Plan. 

Change
in Control . In the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the 2016 Plan) and, with respect to awards that are
subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and such awards, 409A Awards, only to the extent
permitted by Section 409A of the Code, our Compensation Committee in its discretion may, on a participant-by-participant basis (a) accelerate
the vesting of all unvested and unexercised Options, SARs or Stock-Based Awards in the nature of purchase rights and/or terminate such
awards, without any payment therefore, immediately prior to the date of any such transaction after giving the participant at least seven
days written notice of such actions; (b) fully vest and/or accelerate settlement of any awards; (c) terminate any outstanding Options,
SARs or Stock-Based Awards in the nature of purchase rights after giving the participant notice and a chance to exercise such awards
(to the extent then exercisable or exercisable upon the change in control); (d) cancel any portion of an outstanding award that remains
unexercised or is subject to restriction or forfeiture in exchange for a cash payment to the participant of the value of the award; or
(e) require that the award be assumed by the successor corporation or replaced with interests of an equal value in the successor corporation. 

Amendment
and Termination . The 2016 Plan will expire 10 years after its effective date, unless terminated earlier by our board of directors.
Any award that is outstanding as of the date the 2016 Plan expires will continue in force according to the terms set out in the award
agreement. Our board of directors may terminate, amend or modify the 2016 Plan at any time. However, stockholder approval may be required
for certain types of amendments under applicable law or regulatory authority. Except as may be provided in an award agreement or the
2016 Plan, no amendment to the 2016 Plan may adversely affect the terms and conditions of any existing award in any material way without
the participant s consent. 

An
amendment will be contingent on approval of our stockholders, to the extent required by law, by the rules of any stock exchange on which
our securities are then traded or if the amendment would (i) increase the benefits accruing to participants under the 2016 Plan, including
without limitation, any amendment to the 2016 Plan or any agreement to permit a re-pricing or decrease in the exercise price of any outstanding
awards, (ii) increase the aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2016 Plan, or (iii) modify the requirements
as to eligibility for participation in the 2016 Plan. 

Material
U.S. federal income tax consequences of awards under the 2016 Plan 

The
following discussion summarizes the principal federal income tax consequences associated with awards under the 2016 Plan. The discussion
is based on laws, regulations, rulings and court decisions currently in effect, all of which are subject to change. 

ISOs .
A participant will not recognize taxable income on the grant or exercise of an ISO (although the excess of the fair market value of the
common stock over the exercise price will be included for alternative minimum tax purposes). A participant will recognize taxable income
when he or she disposes of the shares of common stock acquired under the ISO. If the disposition occurs more than two years after the
grant of the ISO and more than one year after its exercise, the participant will recognize long-term capital gain (or loss) to the extent
the amount realized from the disposition exceeds (or is less than) the participant s tax basis in the shares of common stock. A
participant s tax basis in the common stock generally will be the amount the participant paid for the stock. If common stock acquired
under an ISO is disposed of before the expiration of the ISO holding period described above, the participant will recognize as ordinary
income in the year of the disposition the excess of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of exercise of the ISO over
the exercise price. Any additional gain will be treated as long-term or short-term capital gain, depending on the length of time the
participant held the shares. Special rules apply if a participant pays the exercise price by delivery of common stock. We will not be
entitled to a federal income tax deduction with respect to the grant or exercise of an ISO. However, in the event a participant disposes
of common stock acquired under an ISO before the expiration of the ISO holding period described above, we generally will be entitled
to a federal income tax deduction equal to the amount of ordinary income the participant recognizes. 

59 

NQSOs .
A participant will not recognize any taxable income on the grant of a NQSO. On the exercise of a NQSO, the participant will recognize
as ordinary income the excess of the fair market value of the common stock acquired over the exercise price. A participant s tax
basis in the common stock is the amount paid plus any amounts included in income on exercise. Special rules apply if a participant pays
the exercise price by delivery of common stock. The exercise of a NQSO generally will entitle us to claim a federal income tax deduction
equal to the amount of ordinary income the participant recognizes. 

SARs .
A participant will not recognize any taxable income at the time SARs are granted. The participant at the time of receipt will recognize
as ordinary income the amount of cash and the fair market value of the common stock that he or she receives. We generally will be entitled
to a federal income tax deduction equal to the amount of ordinary income the participant recognizes. 

Restricted
Stock Awards and RSUs . With regard to Restricted Stock Awards, a participant will recognize ordinary income on account of a Restricted
Stock Award on the first day that the shares are either transferable or not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. The ordinary
income recognized will equal the excess of the fair market value of the common stock on such date over the price, if any, paid for the
stock. However, even if the shares under a Restricted Stock Award are both nontransferable and subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture,
the participant may make a special 83(b) election to recognize income, and have his or her tax consequences determined,
as of the date the Restricted Stock Award is made. The participant s tax basis in the shares received will equal the income recognized
plus the price, if any, paid for the Restricted Stock Award. We generally will be entitled to a federal income tax deduction equal to
the ordinary income the participant recognizes. With regard to RSUs, the participant will not recognize any taxable income at the time
RSUs are granted. When the terms and conditions to which the RSUs are subject have been satisfied and the RSUs are paid, the participant
will recognize as ordinary income the fair market value of the common stock he or she receives. We generally will be entitled to a federal
income tax deduction equal to the ordinary income the participant recognizes. 

Incentive
Awards . A participant will not recognize any taxable income at the time an Incentive Award is granted. When the terms and conditions
to which an Incentive Award is subject have been satisfied and the award is paid, the participant will recognize as ordinary income the
amount of cash and the fair market value of the common stock he or she receives. We generally will be entitled to a federal income tax
deduction equal to the amount of ordinary income the participant recognizes. 

Stock-Based
Awards . A participant will recognize ordinary income on receipt of cash or shares of common stock paid with respect to a Stock-Based
Award. We generally will be entitled to a federal tax deduction equal to the amount of ordinary income the participant recognizes. 

Dividend
Equivalents . A participant will recognize as ordinary income the amount of cash and the fair market value of any common stock he
or she receives on payment of the Dividend Equivalents. To the extent the Dividend Equivalents are paid in the form of other awards,
the participant will recognize income as otherwise described herein. 

Limitation
on Deductions. The deduction for a publicly-held corporation for otherwise deductible compensation to a covered employee 
generally is limited to 1,000,000 per year. An individual is a covered employee if he or she is the chief executive officer or one of
the three highest compensated officers for the year (other than the chief executive officer or chief financial officer) or was a covered
employee for any preceding year beginning after December 31, 2016. 

Other
Tax Rules . The 2016 Plan is designed to enable our Compensation Committee to structure awards that will not be subject to Section
409A of the Code, which imposes certain restrictions and requirements on deferred compensation. However, our Compensation Committee may
grant awards that are subject to Section 409A of the Code. In that case, the terms of such 409A Award will be (a) subject to the deferral
election requirements of Section 409A of the Code; and (b) may only be paid upon a separation from service, a set time, death, disability,
a change in control or an unforeseeable emergency, each within the meanings of Section 409A of the Code. Our Compensation Committee shall
not have the authority to accelerate or defer a 409A Award other than as permitted by Section 409A of the Code. Moreover, any payment
on a separation from service of a Specified Employee (as defined in the 2016 Plan) will not be made until six months following
the participant s separation from service (or upon the participant s death, if earlier) as required by Section 409A of the
Code. 

60 

Non-Employee
Director Compensation 

Our
non-employee directors received a quarterly cash retainer of 7,500 during 2022. In addition, we reimburse all non-employee directors
for travel and other necessary business expenses incurred in the performance of director services and extend coverage to them under our
directors and officers indemnity insurance policies. During 2022, each of Messrs. Albrecht and Gross and Ms. Koster received
total compensation in the amount of 30,000. 

Indemnification
of Directors and Officers 

Section
145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, provides that a corporation may indemnify directors and officers as well as
other employees and individuals against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually
and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any threatened, pending or completed actions, suits or proceedings in which
such person is made a party by reason of such person being or having been a director, officer, employee or agent to the corporation.
The DGCL provides that Section 145 is not exclusive of other rights to which those seeking indemnification may be entitled under any
bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. Sections of our certificate of incorporation and our
bylaws provide for indemnification by us of our directors, officers, employees and agents to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. 

Article
X of our certification of incorporation eliminates the liability of a director or stockholder for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary
duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under Delaware law. Under
Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL, a director shall not be exempt from liability for monetary damages for any liabilities arising (i) from
any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) from acts or omissions not in good faith
or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction
from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 

We
have entered into agreements to indemnify our directors and officers as determined by our board of directors. These agreements provide
for indemnification of related expenses including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these
individuals in any action or proceeding. We believe that these indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified
persons as directors and officers. We also maintain directors and officers liability insurance. 

The
limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may discourage stockholders
from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation
against our directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and other stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers
as required by these indemnification provisions. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons
under the foregoing provisions of our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or otherwise, we have been informed that in the opinion
of the SEC, this indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

61 

Item
12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023 by: 

each
 person, or group of affiliated persons, known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our shares of common stock; 

each
 of our directors; 

each
 of our named executive officers; and 

all
 of our directors and executive officers as a group. 

The
table is based on information provided to us by our directors, executive officers and principal stockholders. Beneficial ownership is
determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and generally means that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she
or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power of that security, including stock options and warrants that are exercisable
within 60 days of March 31, 2023. To our knowledge, except as indicated by footnote, and subject to community property laws where applicable,
the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially
owned by them. Shares of common stock underlying derivative securities, if any, that are currently exercisable or exercisable within
60 days after March 31, 2023 are deemed to be outstanding in calculating the percentage ownership of the applicable person or group but
are not deemed to be outstanding as to any other person or group. Percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 12,949,550 shares of
common stock outstanding as of the date of the table. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o Polar Power, Inc., 249 E. Gardena Boulevard,
Gardena, California 90248. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Title of Class 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Class 

Arthur D. Sams (2) 
 Common 
 5,643,600 
 43.4 
 
 Luis Zavala (3) 
 Common 
 88,139 

Keith Albrecht (4) 
 Common 
 10,000 

Peter Gross (5) 
 Common 
 10,000 

Katherine Koster 
 Common 

All directors and executive officers as a group (5 persons) (6) 
 Common 
 5,751,739 
 44.1 

Less
 than 1 . 

(1) 
 Messrs.
 Sams Albrecht and Gross, and Ms. Koster are directors of Polar. Messrs. Sams and Zavala are named executive officers of Polar. 

(2) 
 Includes
 50,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options. 

(3) 
 Includes
 30,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options. 

(4) 
 Includes
 10,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options. 

(5) 
 Amount
 represents 10,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options. 

(6) 
 Includes
 100,000 shares issuable upon exercise of options. 

62 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table provides information about our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights under
all our existing equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants or Rights 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders: 

2016 Plan 
 140,000 
 5.22 
 1,453,038 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The
following is a summary of transactions since January 1, 2018 to which we have been a participant, in which: 

the
 amount involved exceeded or will exceed 120 (in thousands); and 

any
 of our directors (and director nominees), executive officers, or holders of more than 5 of our voting securities, or immediate family
 member or affiliate of such persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than compensation and other arrangements
 that are described under Executive Compensation above, or that were approved by our Compensation Committee. 

All
of the related person transactions described below have been approved by a majority of the independent and disinterested members of our
board of directors. We believe that each of the transactions described below were on terms no less favorable to us than terms we would
have obtained from unaffiliated third parties. 

It
is our intention to ensure that all future transactions, if any, between us and related persons are approved by our audit committee or
a majority of the independent and disinterested members of our board of directors (except for compensation arrangements, which are approved
by our compensation committee), and are on terms no less favorable to us than those that we could obtain from unaffiliated third parties.
See Policies and Procedures for Related Person Transactions below. 

Transactions
with Stockholders, Officers and Directors 

On
March 1, 2014, we entered into a Subcontractor Installer Agreement with Smartgen Solutions, Inc., or Smartgen, a company engaged in business
of equipment rental and providing maintenance, repair and installation services to mobile telecommunications towers in California. Rajesh
Masina, our former Chief Operating Officer, owns 40 of the share capital of Smartgen and 30 is owned by his brother. On July 8, 2016,
our board of directors reviewed the terms and conditions of, and ratified, the Subcontractor Installer Agreement. 

63 

Under
the terms of the agreement, Smartgen has been appointed as a non-exclusive, authorized service provider for the installation, repair
and service of Polar products in Southern California. The agreement has a term of three years from the date of execution and automatically
renews for additional one-year periods if not terminated. All transactions involving this agreement have been monitored by our audit
committee. 

During
2022 and 2021, Smartgen performed 0 and 88 in field services, respectively, the cost of which is included in cost of goods sold. 

On
January 2, 2023, we provided written notice to Smartgen to terminate all agreements between the two companies. The termination was effective
January 31, 2022. 

Employment
Agreements 

We
have entered into amended employment agreement with each of Arthur D. Sams, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary; Rajesh
Masina, our former Chief Operating Officer; and Luis Zavala, our Chief Financial Officer; providing for, without limitation, certain
payments upon termination and change in control. See Executive Compensation Employment Agreements in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for a further discussion of these agreements. 

Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Our
certificate of incorporation and our bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers with respect to certain liabilities,
expenses and other accounts imposed upon them because of having been a director or officer, except in the case of willful misconduct
or a knowing violation of criminal law. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive
officers. 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Person Transactions 

Our
board of directors has adopted a written policy with respect to related person transactions. This policy governs the review, approval
or ratification of covered related person transactions. The Audit Committee of our board of directors manages this policy. 

For
purposes of the policy, a related person transaction is a transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar
transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which we were, are or will be a participant, and the amount involved exceeds the applicable
dollar threshold set forth under Item 404 of Regulation S-K and in which any related person had, has or will have a direct or indirect
material interest. As defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K, related person generally includes our directors (and director
nominees), executive officers, holders of more than 5 of our voting securities, and immediate family members or affiliates of such persons. 

The
policy generally provides that we may enter into a related person transaction only if: 

the
 Audit Committee pre-approves such transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy, 

the
 transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm s length dealings with an unrelated third party and
 the Audit Committee (or the chairperson of the Audit Committee) approves or ratifies such transaction in accordance with the guidelines
 set forth in the policy, 

the
 transaction is approved by the disinterested members of the board of directors, or 

the
 transaction involves compensation approved by the Compensation Committee of the board of directors. 

64 

In
the event a related person transaction is not pre-approved by the Audit Committee and our management determines to recommend such related
person transaction to the Audit Committee, such transaction must be reviewed by the Audit Committee. After review, the Audit Committee
will approve or disapprove such transaction. If our Chief Executive Officer, in consultation with our Audit Committee, determines that
it is not practicable or desirable for us to wait until the next Audit Committee meeting, the chairperson of the Audit Committee will
possess delegated authority to act on behalf of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee (or the chairperson of the Audit Committee)
may approve only those related person transactions that are in, or not inconsistent with, our best interests and the best interests of
our stockholders, as the Audit Committee (or the chairperson of the Audit Committee) determines in good faith. All approvals made by
chairperson of the Audit Committee will be ratified by the full Audit Committee at the next regularly scheduled meeting or within 120
days from approval by chairperson. 

Our
Audit Committee has determined that the following transactions, even if the amount exceeds the applicable dollar threshold set forth
under Item 404 of Regulation S-K in the aggregate, will be deemed to be pre-approved by the Audit Committee: 

any
 employment of certain named executive officers that would be publicly disclosed; 

director
 compensation that would be publicly disclosed; 

transactions
 with other companies where the related person s only relationship is as a director or owner of less than ten percent of such
 company (other than a general partnership), if the aggregate amount involved does not exceed the greater of 200 (in thousands) or
 five percent of that company s consolidated gross revenues 

transactions
 where all stockholders receive proportional benefits; 

transactions
 involving competitive bids; 

transactions
 with a related person involving the rendering of services at rates or charges fixed in conformity with law or governmental authority;
 and 

transactions
 with a related person involving services as a bank depositary of funds, transfer agent, registrar, trustee under a trust indenture
 or similar services. 

In
addition, the Audit Committee will review the policy at least annually and recommend amendments to the policy to the board of directors
from time to time. 

The
policy provides that all related person transactions will be disclosed to the Audit Committee, and all material related person transactions
will be disclosed to the board of directors. Additionally, all related person transactions requiring public disclosure will be properly
disclosed, as applicable, on our various public filings. 

The
Audit Committee will review all relevant information available to it about the related person transaction. The policy will provide that
the Audit Committee may approve or ratify the related person transaction only if the Audit Committee determines that, under all of the
circumstances, the transaction is in, or is not inconsistent with, our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. The
policy will also provide that the Audit Committee may, in its sole discretion, impose such conditions as it deems appropriate on us or
the related person in connection with approval of the related person transaction. 

Item
14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Expenses. 

The
following table presents fees for professional audit services rendered by Weinberg Company, P.A. for 2022 and 2021 (in thousands). 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 198 
 222 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 3 
 2 
 
 Tax Fees 
 46 
 57 
 
 Total 
 247 
 281 

65 

Audit
Fees . Consist of amounts billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-Related Fees consist of fees billed for professional services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our consolidated financial statements but are not reported under Audit Fees. 

Tax
Fees. Tax Fees consist of fees for professional services for tax compliance activities, including the preparation of federal and
state tax returns and related compliance matters. 

All
Other Fees . Consists of amounts billed for services other than those noted above. 

Our
Audit Committee considered all non-audit services provided by Weinberg Company, P.A. and determined that the provision of such
services was compatible with maintaining such firm s audit independence. 

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policy 

Our
Audit Committee is responsible for approving all audit, audit-related, tax and other services. The Audit Committee pre-approves all auditing
services and permitted non-audit services, including all fees and terms to be performed for us by our independent auditor at the beginning
of the fiscal year. Non-audit services are reviewed and pre-approved by project at the beginning of the fiscal year. Any additional non-audit
services contemplated by us after the beginning of the fiscal year are submitted to the Chairman of our Audit Committee for pre- approval
prior to engaging our independent auditor for such services. These interim pre-approvals are reviewed with the full Audit Committee at
its next meeting for ratification. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)(1)
Financial Statements 

Reference
is made to the financial statements listed on and attached following the Index to Financial Statements contained on page F-1 of this
report. 

(a)(2)
Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

(a)(3)
Exhibits 

Reference
is made to the exhibits listed on the Index to Exhibits immediately preceding the signature page of this report. 

Item
16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

66 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID: 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Polar Power, Inc. 

 Gardena,
California 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Polar Power, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related
statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Inventory
Valuation 

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable
value, with cost determined on first-in, first-out FIFO basis. As of December 31, 2022, the Company held inventories of
 15.46 million. In determining net realizable value, management considers historical usage, forecasted demand in relation to inventory
on hand, market conditions, and other factors. 

We
identified the evaluation of management s estimate of the net realizable value of certain inventory as a critical audit
matter, because of the significant judgments made by management in estimating future demand and market conditions which are used to
arrive at the net realizable value. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased auditor effort in auditing such
assumptions. 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

We evaluated management s
 product demand forecast for reasonableness considering historical sales by product, and whether they were consistent with the historical
 data and evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

We developed an independent
 expectation of the net realizable value of inventory using historic inventory activity and compared our independent expectation to
 the amount recorded in the financial statements. 

F- 2 

Assessment
of the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As disclosed in
Note 1 to the financial statements, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a net loss of 5.6 million, used cash
in operations of 6.5 million, and at December 31, 2022, had an accumulated deficit of 19.1 million. Management evaluated the
Company s liquidity within one year after the date of issuance of the consolidated financial statements to determine if there
is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management has concluded that, based on its
current plans and projections, the Company will be able to satisfy its liquidity requirements for more than one year from when these
financial statements were issued. In the preparation of the liquidity assessment, management applied judgment to estimate the
projected cash flows of the Company, including the following: (i) projected cash outflows, (ii) projected cash inflows, and (iii)
excess availability levels under the Company s existing line of credit financing. 

We
identified management s evaluation of the Company s ability to continue as a going concern and related disclosures as a critical
audit matter due to the significant judgments and assumptions used by management in preparing the Company s forecasted cash flows
and the risk of bias in management s judgments and assumptions in estimating these cash flows. Auditing these judgments and assumptions
required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased auditor effort required to address these matters. 

The
primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 

We
 obtained management s cash flow forecasts covering the going concern
assessment period to March 2024 and evaluated the reasonableness of the cash flow forecast by comparing it to historical operating results. 

We
 performed sensitivity analyses on the projected revenue and operating margins
used in the Company s cash flow projections to evaluate the impact on the conclusions reached by management. 

We
 evaluated the adequacy of management s disclosure in the financial
statements regarding the Company s liquidity by comparing to other audit evidence obtained to determine whether such information
is consistent with the Company s liquidity disclosure 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 

/s/
 . 

March
31, 2023 

F- 3 

POLAR
POWER, INC. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Employee retention credit receivable 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Income taxes receivable 

Total current assets 

Other assets: 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Property and equipment, net 

Deposits 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Customer deposits 

Accrued liabilities and other current liabilities 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of notes payable 

Line of credit 

Total current liabilities 

Notes payable, net of current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and shares outstanding on December 31, 2022, and shares issued and shares outstanding on December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury Stock, at cost shares) 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

POLAR
POWER, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net sales 

Cost of Sales 

Gross profit 

Operating Expenses 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expenses) 

Interest expense and finance costs 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan payable 

Other income (expenses), net 

Total other income (expenses), net 

Net Loss 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

POLAR
POWER, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (in
thousands, except share data) 

Common Stock, 
 Additional paid-in 
 (Accumulated 
 Treasury 
 Total Stockholders 

Number 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Deficit) 
 Stock 
 Equity 

Balances, December 31, 2020 

Shares of common stock issued with warrants for cash 

Common stock issued upon exercise of warrants 

Net loss 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

POLAR
POWER, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOW 

 (in
thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Gain from forgiveness of PPP loan payable 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Employee retention credit receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Income taxes receivable 

Decrease in operating lease right-of-use asset 

Accounts payable 

Customer deposits 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Decrease in lease liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock, net of offering costs 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Repayment of notes payable 

Proceeds from advances from credit facility 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 7 

POLAR
POWER, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (In
thousands, except for share and per share data and where otherwise noted) 

and used cash in operations of . The Company s management evaluated whether there are conditions or events considered in the aggregate, that
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial
statements are issued. 

Notwithstanding the net loss for 2022, management
concluded that the Company will have adequate cash flow from operations and available line of credit in 2023 so that it is probable that
the Company will be able to fund its current operating plan and satisfy its liquidity requirements within one year from the date the Company s
2022 financial statements are issued. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a cash balance of , with borrowing
capacity of , stockholders equity of and a working capital of . The Company has taken action to improve its
margins, and is continuing to build a strong back log, and expects to continue investing in product development and sales and marketing
activities. The long-term continuation of the Company s
business plan is dependent upon the generation of sufficient revenues from its products to offset expenses. In the event that the Company
does not generate sufficient cash flows from operations and is unable to obtain funding, the Company will be forced to delay, reduce,
or eliminate some or all of its discretionary spending, which could adversely affect the Company s business prospects, ability
to meet long-term liquidity needs or ability to continue operations. 

Disaggregation
of Net Sales 

Engineering Tech Support Services 

Accessories 

Total net sales 

The
following table shows the Company s disaggregated net sales by customer type (in thousands): 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Telecom 

Government/Military 

Marine 

Other (backup DC power to various industries 

Total net sales 

Canada 

Mexico 

South Pacific Islands 

Japan 

Other Asia Pacific 

Europe and Middle East 

Total net sales 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, international sales totaled and , respectively. 

and , respectively, which are included in other accrued liabilities in the accompanying balance sheets. Management believes that
the warranty accrual is appropriate; however, actual claims incurred could differ from original estimates, requiring adjustments to the
accrual. 

Payments 

Provision for warranties 

Balance at end of the period 

and , respectively, was held
in an account at a financial institution located in Australia. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash denominated in Romanian Leu with a
U.S. Dollar equivalent of and , respectively, was held in an account at a financial institution located in Romania. 

Finished goods 

Inventories 

- 
 
 Shop equipment and machinery 

Vehicles 
 
 - 
 
 Leasehold improvements 

Office equipment 

Software 

Management
regularly reviews property, equipment and other long-lived assets for possible impairment. This review occurs annually or more frequently
if events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Based upon management s
annual assessment, there were no indicators of impairment of the Company s property and equipment and other long-lived assets as
of December 31, 2022, or December 31, 2021. 

and , respectively. 

Warrants 

Total 

and , respectively, of our revenue was generated from the Company s two largest customers,
one being a Tier-1 telecommunications customer in the U.S. and one being a telecommunications customer outside the U.S. In 2021, 
of revenue was generated from the Company s largest customer, a Tier-1 telecommunications customer in the U.S. In 2022 and 2021,
sales to telecommunications customers accounted for and of total revenue, respectively. In 2022 and 2021, sales to international
customers accounted for and of total revenue, respectively. 

Accounts
receivable . At December 31, 2022, the Company s largest receivable account represented of the Company s total accounts
receivable. At December 31, 2021, and of the Company s accounts receivable was from the Company s two largest receivable
accounts. There was no other customer that accounted for more than 10 of the Company s accounts receivable as of the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Accounts
payable . On December 31, 2022, the three largest accounts payable accounts to the Company s vendors represented , , and
 , respectively. On December 31, 2021, the three largest accounts payable accounts to the Company s largest vendors represented
 , , and , respectively. 

Production tooling, jigs, fixtures 

Vehicles 

Leasehold improvements 

Office equipment 

Software 

Total property and equipment, cost 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
and amortization expense on property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and respectively. During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, of depreciation expense was included in cost of sales for the
years then ended. 

Less: Current Portion 

Notes Payable, Noncurrent portion 

The
Company has entered into several financing agreements for the purchase of equipment in prior years. The terms of these financing arrangements
are for a term of years to , with interest rates ranging from to per annum, secured by the purchased equipment, and
mature between September 2023 and July 2024. The aggregate monthly payments of principal and interest of the outstanding notes payable
as of December 31, 2022 is approximately . 

As
of December 31, 2021, the balance of notes payable was . During 2022, the Company paid down the notes payable by , and at December
31, 2022, the balance of notes payable was . 

2024 

Total 

and the Company had availability under the line of
credit in the amount of . The Loan Agreement initially expired on September 30, 2022, and
on November 3, 2022, the Loan Agreement was amended to expire on September 30, 2024 . 

In no event shall the aggregate amount of the outstanding advances under the revolving credit facility
be greater than . above the prime rate, but in no event less than 
per annum. Interest on the portion of the daily balance consisting of advances against inventory accrues interest at a rate of 
above the prime rate, but in no event less than per annum. 

Pinnacle
may terminate the Loan Agreement, as amended, at any time upon sixty days prior written notice and immediately upon the occurrence of
an event of default. Under the Loan Agreement, the Company granted Pinnacle a security interest in all presently existing and thereafter
acquired or arising assets of the Company. The Loan Agreement also contains a financial covenant requiring the Company to attain an effective
tangible net worth, as defined, which the Company attained as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Loan Agreement obligates the Company to pay Pinnacle a yearly facility fee in an amount equal to of the sum of the advance limit. 

,
pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES
Act ). 

The
PPP Loan matures two years from the disbursement date and bears interest at a rate of per annum. The Company applied ASC 470, Debt,
to account for the PPP Loan. The PPP loan and accrued interest were forgivable after December 31, 2020, as long as the borrower used
the loan proceeds for qualifying expenses, including payroll, benefits, rent and utilities, and maintains its payroll levels. Management
believes the entire loan amount has been used for qualifying expenses. 

The
Company filed its application for a full loan forgiveness to Citibank in July 2021. On September 28, 2021, the Company received notice
from Citibank indicating that the SBA approved the forgiveness of the PPP loan payable in the amount of . Accordingly, for the
year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized the forgiveness of the PPP loan as Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan payable 
in the accompanying statements of operations. 

Operating lease cost (of which is included in general and administration and is included in cost of sales in the Company s statement of operations as of December 31, 2022, and is included in general and administration and is included in cost of sales in the Company s statement of operations as of December 31, 2021) 

Other Information 

Weighted average remaining lease term operating leases (in years) 

Average discount rate operating leases 

and , respectively 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Noncurrent portion of operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest/present value discount 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Rent
expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively (including short-term and other rentals). 

shares of common stock to its officers, employees and consultants as part of
the Company s Employee Retention Program and the Company s 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The shares of common stock had an
aggregate grant date fair value of based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date of the awards,
which was recorded as stock-based compensation expense of during 2022. 

Underwritten Public
 Offering of Common Stock 

On
February 10, 2021, and the Company issued and sold shares of common stock in an underwritten public offering. The Company received
at the closing of the offering net proceeds of approximately after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other
offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company is using the net proceeds from the Offering for general corporate purposes. 

Issuance of common
 stock upon exercise of warrants 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock were exercised, and the Company
received net proceeds of upon such exercise. In addition, warrants exercisable into shares of common stock were converted
under a cashless exercise option into shares of the Company s common stock. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Company s board of directors is authorized to issue up to shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix
the rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights and rates, conversion
rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, redemption prices, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any series
or the designation of such series, without any vote or action by the Company s stockholders. Any preferred stock to be issued could
rank prior to the Company s common stock with respect to dividend rights and rights on liquidation. The Company s board of
directors, without stockholder approval, may issue preferred stock with voting and conversion rights which could adversely affect the
voting power of holders of common stock and discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of the Company. 

Treasury
Stock 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had shares of common stock held as treasury stock at a cost of . 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Outstanding and exercisable, December 31, 2022 

Effective
July 8, 2016 the Company s board of directors approved the Polar Power 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan ),
authorizing the issuance of up to shares of common stock as incentives to employees and consultants to the Company with awards
limited to a maximum of shares to any one participant in any calendar year. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had total outstanding options of , which are fully vested, exercise prices ranging from
 to , and with option shares set to expire in December 2027 and the remaining option shares set to expire in
April 2028. 

There
was intrinsic value of the outstanding options at December 31, 2022. 

Issued 

Exercised 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Issued 

Exercised 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

During
year ended December 31, 2021, warrants to purchase shares of common stock were exercised at exercise price per share or
total net proceeds to the Company of upon exercise. Also during 2021, warrants exercisable into shares of the Company s
common stock were exercised under a cashless exercise option into shares of the Company s common stock. 

There
was no intrinsic value of the outstanding and exercisable warrants at December 31, 2022 . 

State tax, net of federal benefit 

Carryback net operating loss 

Change in valuation allowances 

Effective income tax rate 
 - 
 - 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
statement purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and
liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows (in thousands): 

Accrued liabilities and other reserves 

Operating lease liability 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Operating lease right-of-use asset, net 

Depreciation 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

On
March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act was enacted and signed into law in response
to the COVID-19 pandemic. Under the CARES Act, net operating loss NOL s) carryforwards arising in tax years beginning after
December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2021 (e.g., NOLs incurred in 2018, 2019, or 2020 by a calendar-year taxpayer) may be carried
back to each of the five tax years preceding the tax year of such loss. Since the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (TCJA),
NOLs generally could not be carried back but could be carried forward indefinitely. Further, related to the NOL carrybacks. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had available Federal and state NOLs carryforwards to reduce future taxable income of approximately 
million and million, respectively. The Federal NOL can be carried forward indefinitely, but can only offset of taxable income
in future years. The state carryforward expires in 2039 through 2042. 

Authoritative
guidance issued by the ASC Topic 740 Income Taxes requires that a valuation allowance be established when it is more likely than
not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company considers all evidence available when determining
whether deferred tax assets are more likely-than-not to be realized, including projected future taxable income, scheduled reversals of
deferred tax liabilities, prudent tax planning strategies, and recent financial operations. The evaluation of this evidence requires
significant judgement about the forecast of future taxable income is consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the
underlying business. Based on their evaluation, the Company determined that their net deferred tax assets do not meet the requirements
to be realized, and as such, the Company has provided a full valuation allowance against them. 

The
Company follows FASB guidelines that address the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return
should be recorded in the financial statements. Under this guidance, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax
position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on
the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured
based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. This guidance
also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires
increased disclosures. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, and no adjustment
was required at adoption. 

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various states. The Company is subject to U.S. federal or state
income tax examinations by tax authorities for tax years after 2017. 

The
Company s policy is to record interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions as income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company had no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Additionally, tax years 2017 through 2022
remain open to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. 

of qualified wages, plus the cost to continue providing health benefits to our employees, subject
to a cap per employee per quarter. Due to revenue declines we have experienced, we qualified for approximately of employee
retention credits ERC during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company believes that there is reasonable assurance
that it has complied with the ERC eligibility requirements and has elected an accounting policy to present government assistance as a
reduction of the related expense. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the ERC refund was recorded as an offset to certain payroll expenses
in cost of sales of and operating expenses of in the accompanying statement of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the balance of is presented as employee retention credit receivable in the accompanying balance sheet. 

and in field services, respectively, the cost of which is included
in cost of goods sold. 

On
January 2, 2023, we provided written notice to Smartgen to terminate all agreements between the two companies. The termination was effective
January 31, 2023. 

per month in the first year, 7 per
month in the second year, and 
per month in the third year, resulting in aggregate monthly lease payments over the lease term of approximately million. The
extension agreement is a Net Lease requiring the Company to pay real property taxes associated to this facility. 

F- 22 

INDEX
TO EXHIBITS 

Where
 Located 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Filing
 
 Date 
 
 Filed 
 Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-37960 
 
 3.1 
 
 3/10/17 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-37960 
 
 3.2 
 
 3/10/17 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

X 

4.2 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37960 
 
 4.1 
 
 7/8/2021 

10.1 
 
 Polar Power, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan and forms of agreements thereunder# 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-213572 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/9/2016 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement dated July 8, 2016 between the Registrant and Arthur D. Sams# 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-213572 
 
 10.2 
 
 9/9/2016 

10.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement dated July 8, 2016 between the Registrant and Rajesh Masina# 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-213572 
 
 10.3 
 
 9/9/2016 

10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement dated July 8, 2016 between the Registrant and Luis Zavala# 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-213572 
 
 10.4 
 
 9/9/2016 

10.5 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its Executive Officers and Directors# 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-213572 
 
 10.5 
 
 11/18/2016 

10. 6 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 14, 2015 between the Registrant and Gibraltar Business Capital 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-213572 
 
 10.6 
 
 9/9/2016 

10. 7 
 
 Memorandum of Understanding dated as of December 30, 2014 between the Registrant and Richard J. Ulinski 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-213572 
 
 10.7 
 
 9/9/2016 

10.8 
 
 Lease Agreement dated November 7, 2014 between the Registrant and Two Bros L.P. 
 
 S-1 
 
 333-213572 
 
 10.8 
 
 9/9/2016 

10.9 
 
 First Amendment to Lease Agreement dated February 5, 2019 between the Registrant and Two Bros L.P. 

X 

10.10 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease Agreement dated January 31, 2023 between the Registrant and Two Bros L.P. 

X 

67 

10.11 
 
 Form of Representative s Warrant 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-37960 
 
 10.9 
 
 3/10/2017 

10.12 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Polar Power, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-37960 
 
 10.10 
 
 4/1/2019 

10.13 
 
 Supplier Agreement between Polar Power, Inc. and Citibank, N.A. dated effective as of June 4, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37960 
 
 10.1 
 
 6/6/2019 

10.14 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated July 2, 2020 between Polar Power, Inc. and each purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37960 
 
 10.1 
 
 7/8/2020 

10.15 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated July 2, 2020 between Polar Power, Inc. and each purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37960 
 
 10.2 
 
 7/8/2020 

10.16 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement dated August 31, 2020 between Pinnacle Bank and Polar Power, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37960 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/9/2020 

10.17 
 
 First Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated October 7, 2020 by and between Polar Power, Inc. and Pinnacle Bank 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-37960 
 
 10.2 
 
 10/9/2020 

10.18 
 
 Second Modification to Loan and Security Agreement dated November 3, 2022 by and between Polar Power, Inc. and Pinnacle Bank 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-37960 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/14/2022 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-37960 
 
 14.1 
 
 3/10/2017 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-37960 
 
 21.1 
 
 3/10/2017 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance
 Document 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Schema 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Calculation Linkbase 

X 

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Definition Linkbase 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Label Linkbase 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy
 Extension Presentation Linkbase 

X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

(#) 
 A contract, compensatory
 plan or arrangement to which a director or executive officer is a party or in which one or more directors or executive officers are
 eligible to participate. 

) 
 Certain of the agreements
 filed as exhibits contain representations and warranties made by the parties thereto. The assertions embodied in such representations
 and warranties are not necessarily assertions of fact, but a mechanism for the parties to allocate risk. Accordingly, investors should
 not rely on the representations and warranties as characterizations of the actual state of facts or for any other purpose at the
 time they were made or otherwise. 

68 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 31st day of March 2023. 

POLAR POWER, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Arthur D. Sams 

Arthur D. Sams, 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities indicated on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Arthur D. Sams 
 
 Chief Executive Officer,
 President, Secretary 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Arthur D. Sams 
 
 and
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 (principal
 executive officer) 

/s/
 Luis Zavala 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Luis Zavala 
 
 (principal financial and accounting officer) 

/s/
 Keith Albrecht 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Keith Albrecht 

/s/
 Peter Gross 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Peter Gross 

/s/
 Katherine Koster 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Katherine Koster 

69 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

The
following description summarizes the material terms and provisions of Polar Power, Inc. s common stock and preferred stock. The
following description of our capital stock does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, our certificate
of incorporation, which we refer to as the certificate of incorporation, and our bylaws, as may be amended, which we refer to as the
bylaws. The terms of our common stock and preferred stock may also be affected by Delaware law. 

Common
Stock 

We
are authorized to issue up to a total of 50,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Holders of our common stock
are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Holders of our common stock have
no cumulative voting rights. Further, holders of our common stock have no preemptive, conversion, redemption or subscription rights and
there are no sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of our
common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of all liabilities and the liquidation preferences of
any of our outstanding shares of preferred stock. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding shares of preferred
stock, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors
out of our assets which are legally available. 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had 12,949,550 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and 17,477 shares of common stock held in treasury.
There were 21 holders of record of our common stock. These holders of record include depositories that hold shares of stock
for brokerage firms which, in turn, hold shares of stock for numerous beneficial owners. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
board of directors is authorized to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, in one or more series
and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges, qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights and rates,
conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, redemption prices, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting
any series or the designation of such series, without any vote or action by our stockholders. Any preferred stock to be issued could
rank prior to our common stock with respect to dividend rights and rights on liquidation. Our board of directors, without stockholder
approval, may issue preferred stock with voting and conversion rights which could adversely affect the voting power of holders of our
common stock and discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. 

Qualification
and Election of Directors 

Our
bylaws provide that to be eligible to be a nominee for election to our board of directors, a person must submit a written questionnaire
regarding his or her background and qualifications and must agree to other representations as set forth in our bylaws. In addition, we
have adopted a director resignation policy. The director resignation policy is incorporated into our bylaws and Corporate Governance
Guidelines and provides that any nominee for director in an uncontested election who receives a greater number of votes withheld 
from his or her election than votes for his or her election must tender his or her resignation to the board of directors
for consideration in accordance with the procedures set forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee will then evaluate the best interests of our company and our stockholders and will recommend to the board of directors the
action to be taken with respect to the tendered resignation. Following the board of directors determination, we will promptly
publicly disclose the board of directors decision of whether or not to accept the resignation and an explanation of how the decision
was reached, including, if applicable, the reasons for rejecting the resignation. 

Anti-Takeover
Provisions of Delaware Law, our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws 

The
provisions of Delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws discussed below could discourage or make it more difficult
to accomplish a proxy contest or other change in our management or the acquisition of control by a holder of a substantial amount of
our voting stock. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish, or could deter, transactions that
stockholders may otherwise consider to be in their best interests or in our best interests. These provisions are intended to enhance
the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of our board of directors and in the policies formulated by our board of
directors and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened change of our control. These provisions
are designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal and to discourage certain tactics that may be used in
proxy fights. Such provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our management. 

Advance
Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals 

Our
bylaws provide that, for nominations to our board of directors or for other business to be properly brought by a stockholder before a
meeting of stockholders, the stockholder must first have given timely notice of the proposal in writing to our Chief Executive Officer.
For an annual meeting, a stockholder s notice generally must be delivered not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to
the anniversary of the mailing date of the proxy statement for the previous year s annual meeting. For a special meeting, the notice
must generally be delivered not earlier than the 90th day prior to the meeting and not later than the later of (i) the 60th day prior
to the meeting or (ii) the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the meeting is first made. Detailed requirements
as to the form of the notice and information required in the notice are specified in the bylaws. If it is determined that business was
not properly brought before a meeting in accordance with our bylaw provisions, such business will not be conducted at the meeting. These
provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for
directors at our annual meeting of stockholders if the proper procedures are not followed. We expect that these provisions may also discourage
or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise
attempting to obtain control of our company. 

Board
Vacancies; Removal 

Our
bylaws provide that any vacancy occurring on our board of directors may be filled by a majority of directors then in office, even if
less than a quorum. Our certificate of incorporation provides that directors may be removed only for cause by affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote. Furthermore, any vacancy on our
board of directors, however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the size of our board of directors, may only
be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors then in office even if less than a quorum. In addition, the number of
directors constituting our board of directors is permitted to be set only by a resolution adopted by our board of directors. These provisions
prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our board of directors in order to gain control of our board of directors by filling
the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. This makes it more difficult to change the composition of our board of directors but promotes
continuity of management. 

Special
Meetings of Stockholders 

Our
bylaws and certificate of incorporation provide that only our board of directors may call a special meeting, and that stockholders may
only conduct business at special meetings of stockholders that was specified in the notice of the meeting. This provision limits the
ability of a stockholder to call a special meeting of the stockholders. 

Issuance
of Undesignated Shares of Preferred Stock 

Our
board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred
stock with rights, preferences and privileges, including voting rights, designated from time to time by our board of directors. The existence
of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock enables our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt
to obtain control of our company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or other means. 

Exclusive
Forum 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery
of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii)
any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders,
(iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation
or our bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum provision
may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors,
officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that eliminate, to the maximum extent permitted by the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware, or the DGCL, the personal liability of our directors and executive officers for monetary damages for breach
of their fiduciary duties as directors or officers. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that we must indemnify our directors
and executive officers and may indemnify our employees and other agents to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. 

Sections
145(a) and 102(b)(7) of the DGCL empower a corporation to indemnify any director, officer, employee or agent, or former director, officer,
employee or agent, who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation), by
reason of such person s service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or such person s service, at
the corporation s request, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or enterprise, against expenses (including
attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection
with such action, suit or proceeding; provided that such director, officer employee or agent acted in good faith and in a manner
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation; and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding,
 provided that such director, officer employee or agent had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. 

Section
145(b) of the DGCL empowers a corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that
such person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation
as a director, officer, employee or agent of another enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys fees) actually and reasonably
incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit; provided that such director, officer, employee or
agent acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation,
except that no indemnification may be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such director, officer, employee or agent
shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court
in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of
all the circumstances of the case, such director, officer, employee or agent is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such
expenses that the court shall deem proper. 

We
have also entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and executive officers, in addition to the indemnification provided
for in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and we intend to enter into indemnification agreements with any new directors and
executive officers in the future. 

We
have purchased and currently intend to maintain directors and officers liability insurance. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

Our
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is VStock Transfer, LLC, 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York 11598. Its telephone
number is 855-9VSTOCK. 

Listing 

Our
common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol POLA. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.9>
 3
 ex10-9.htm

Exhibit
10.9 

FRIST
AMENDMENT TO STANDARD 

 INDUSTRIAL/COMMERCIAL
SINGLE-TENANT LEASE-GROSS 

THIS
FIRST AMENDMENT TO AIR COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE ASSOCIATION STANDARD INDUSTRIAL/COMMERCIAL LAND LEASE- -GROSS (this Amendment is entered into as of the February 5, 2019, by and between TWO BROS L.P., Lessor and POLAR POWER INC., Lessee ),
with reference to the following facts: 

RECITALS 

A.
Lessor and Lessee entered into that certain AIR Commercial Real Estate Association Standard Industrial/Commercial Land Lease-Gross dated
for reference purposes only as November 7, 2014, (collectively referred to herein with all amendments and addendums as the Lease for the premises commonly known as 249 E. Gardena Blvd., Carson California 

B.
Lessee and Lessor desire to make certain amendments to the Lease, and hereby agree to the changes as provided hereinbelow. 

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing Recitals and the mutual covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1.
Extension of Term. The term of the Lease is hereby extended beginning March 1, 2019 for four (4) years, with the new Expiration
Date of February 28, (the Extended Period ), 

3.
 Base Rent. The monthly Base Rent for the Extended Period shall be as follows: 

(i) 
 commencing
 on March 1, 2019 and continuing through February 28, 2020 Base Rent payable by Lessee for the Premises shall be 31,652.14 per month; 

(ii) 
 commencing
 on March 1, 2020 and continuing through February 28, 2021, Base Rent payable by Lessee for the Premises shall be 34,456.76 per month; 

(iii) 
 commencing
 on March 1, 2021, and continuing through February 28, 2022, Base Rent payable by Lessee for the Premises shall be 35,835.03 per
 month; 

(iv) 
 commencing
 on March 1, 2022 and continuing through February 28, 2023 the Expiration Date the Base Rent payable by Lessee for the Premises shall
 be 37,261.38 per month. 

4. Net
Lease. The parties intend for the Lease to be a NET LEASE. Lessee hereby agrees to be responsible for the cost of all
insurance in Paragraph 8 of the Lease and any other insurance required to be provided by either party under the terms of
the 

 Lease.
Paragraph 10 is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the language in Exhibit A attached hereto and made a part
hereof becoming the new Paragraph 10. 

5. Credits
for Repairs and Improvements. Landlord shall credit tenant in the amounts provided for below for agreed upon repairs and
improvements 

a. 
 An
 amount ofup to 12,395.00 for the upgrade of air condition controls, as provided for in the bid from Control Komfort System, attached
 hereto as Exhibit C 

b. 
 An
 amount not to exceed 25,014 for repair of the floor area as provided for in Exhibit D attached hereto 

c. 
 An
 amount not to exceed 2,500. for removal and replacement of partitions required to repair the floor as provided for in paragraph
 b. above. 

Lessee
shall submit contractor invoices for the completed work in items 5a to 5c above, thereafter Lessor shall promptly inspect the completed
work, and once approved by Lessor, Lessor shall pay the contractor performing the work, in amount not to exceed the amounts provided
for each item of work to be done. 

6.
 Repairs to be done by Lessor. Lessor shall within 60 days of the commencement of the Extended Period perform the following
at Lessor s sole cost and expense. 

a.
Repaint the front fence along Gardena Blvd. and gates. 

7.
 Estoppel. Lessee represents and warrants that (i) it has been in possession of the Premises since January 1, 2015; and
(ii) as of the date of this First Amendment, to the best of Lessee s knowledge, Lessor has performed all obligations required of
Lessor under the Lease; no offsets, counterclaims, claims of breach or defenses of Lessee under the Lease exist against Lessor; and no
events have occurred that, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, would constitute a basis for offsets, counterclaims, claims
of breach or defenses against Lessor. 

8.
 Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counter parts, each of which shall be deemed original, and
all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

9.
 No Further Modifications . Except as set forth in this Amendment, all the terms and provisions of the Lease shall apply
and shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment is hereby executed as of the day and year first above written. 

LESSOR: 
 
 LESSEE: 
 
 Two
 BrosL.P. 
 
 Polar
 Power Inc. 

s/
 Arthur D. Sams 

2/05/2019 

EXHIBIT A 

10.
Real Property Taxes. 

10.1
Definition. As used herein, the term Real Property Taxes shall include any form of assessment; real estate,
general, special, ordinary or extraordinary, or rental levy or tax (other than inheritance, personal income or estate taxes); improvement
bond; and/or license fee imposed upon or levied against any legal or equitable interest of Lessor in the Premises or the Project, Lessor s
right to other income therefrom, and/or Lessor s business of leasing, by any authority having the direct or indirect power to tax
and where the funds are generated with reference to the Building address. Real Property Taxes shall also include any tax, fee, levy,
assessment or charge, or any increase therein: (i) imposed by reason of events occurring during the term of this Lease, including but
not limited to, a change in the ownership of the Premises, and (ii) levied or assessed on machinery or equipment provided by Lessor to
Lessee pursuant to this Lease. 

10.2
Payment of Taxes. In addition to Base Rent, Lessee shall pay to Lessor an amount equal to the Real Property Tax installment due at
least 20 days prior to the applicable delinquency date. If any such installment shall cover any period of time prior to or after the
expiration or termination of this Lease, Lessee s share of such installment shall be prorated. In the event Lessee incurs a late
charge on any Rent payment, Lessor may estimate the current Real Property Taxes, and require that such taxes be paid in advance to Lessor
by Lessee monthly in advance with the payment of the Base Rent. Such monthly payments shall be an amount equal to the amount of the estimated
installment of taxes divided by the number of months remaining before the month in which said installment becomes delinquent. When the
actual amount of the applicable tax bill is known, the amount of such equal monthly advance payments shall be adjusted as required to
provide the funds needed to pay the applicable taxes. If the amount collected by Lessor is insufficient to pay such Real Property Taxes
when due, Lessee shall pay Lessor, upon demand, such additional sum as is necessary. Advance payments may be intermingled with other
moneys of Lessor and shall not bear interest. In the event of a Breach by Lessee in the performance of its obligations under this Lease,
then any such advance payments may be treated by Lessor as an additional Security Deposit. 

10.3
Joint Assessment. If the Premises are not separately assessed, Lessee s liability shall be an equitable proportion of the Real
Property Taxes for all of the land and improvements included within the tax parcel assessed, such proportion to be conclusively determined
by Lessor from the respective valuations assigned in the assessor s work sheets or such other information as may be reasonably
available. 

10.4
Personal Property Taxes. Lessee shall pay, prior to delinquency, all taxes assessed against and levied upon Lessee Owned Alterations,
Utility Installations, Trade Fixtures, furnishings, equipment and all personal property of Lessee. When possible, Lessee shall cause
its Lessee Owned Alterations and Utility Installations, Trade Fixtures, furnishings, equipment and all other personal property to be
assessed and billed separately from the real property of Lessor. If any of Lessee s said property shall be assessed with Lessor s
real property, Lessee shall pay Lessor the taxes attributable to Lessee s property within 10 days after receipt of a written statement
setting forth the taxes applicable to Lessee s property 

EXHIBIT
 B 

(20:#745195 
 CONTROL
 KOMFORT SYSTEMS,
 INC 
 HEATING
 - VENT/LA TION - AIR CONDITIONING 

November
 21, 2018 
 VIA
 E-mail: Nick@Triadmanagementinc.com 

Mr.
Nick J. Virzi 

 Triad
Management 

 21201
Victory Blvd., Suite 255 

 Canoga
Park, CA 91303 

RE: Gluck,
(Not to exceed price), 249 E. Gardena Blvd., CA Dear 

Mr.
Virzi, 

Thank-you
for giving us the opportunity to give you a Not-To-Exceed price to repair the hot and cold spots for the project referenced above. We
are pleased to submit the following for your consideration. 

WORK
INCLUDES: 

Remove
four (4) existing duct smoke detectors and furnish and install four (4) new duct smoke detectors. 

Correctly
program the existing Carrier V.V.T. system. 

Air
balance the interior office space per the engineered drawing that we received from Triad Management. 

BUDGET
INCLUDES: Materials, labor and applicable sales tax. 

NOTES: 

1. This
 price is based on regular hours. (Excludes overtime hours.) 
 
 2. This
 price is based on us having complete access to the office space and roof, and that we will
 not be asked to leave and come back later, so that they can have lunch or for any other reason. 

EXCLUSIONS: 

All
high voltage wire, all conduit, cutting, patching, painting, framing, roofing, coring, saw cutting, condensate drain(s), smoke detectors,
fire dampers, life safety, filters for the existing A/C equipment, pressure testing the duct work and/or HER s testing, LEED certification,
commissioning the A/C system, damage to the existing tee-bar and/or tile, structural engineering and/or calculations, engineered drawing(s),
cleaning and/or painting the existing supply and/or return grilles and/or grilles, trash bin for the trash and demo, plan check, prevailing
wage, and overtime hours. Repairs to the existing A/C equipment, VAV boxes, and/or the existing thermostats. 

TOTAL
BUDGET: 1.:J2,1..:3.:.9.:.5 :..=:0.:.0 (L.:Vic.::o:.:.;id=-=a.:.:ft.:.er:-3::.;0:....:d=-av s .J 
 I Progressive as billed. 

Please
feel free to call if you have any questions. 

Sincerely, 

 UR.Y 

 Bob
R. Youngsma 

 Operations
Manager 

6840
Orangethorpe Avenue #H, Buena Park, CA 90620 

 Phone
714/ 994-4232 Fax 714/ 994-4587 

EXHIBIT
 C 

From:
 Luis Zavala 

 Sent:
 Thursday, August 23, 2018 3:42 PM 

 To:
 Nick J. Virzi 

 Cc:
 Sanford Lee Shadrow 

 Subject:
 RE: 249 

Nick, 

Any
updates from your vendors? 

Below
is the quote from our floor contractor: 

Hello
Arthur, In regards to the office areas the prices are as follows 

 Main
business offices with moisture issues 249 e Gardena blvd . 

demo
 disposal prep 
 2787.00 
 
 install 
 6131.00 
 
 rubber
 base 
 1278.00 
 
 glue 
 1400.00 
 
 vapor
 barrier 
 4800.00 
 
 material 
 6646.99 
 
 tax 
 631.46 
 
 p o 
 1339.60 
 
 Total 
 25014.05 
 
 Floor
 Total 
 25,014 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 4
 ex10-10.htm

Exhibit
10.10 

SECOND
AMENDMENT TO STANDARD 

 INDUSTRIAL/COMMERCIAL
SINGLE-TENANT LEASE-GROSS 

THIS
SECOND AMENDMENT TO AIR COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE ASSOCIATION STANDARD INDUSTRIAL/COMMERCIAL LAND LEASE- -GROSS this Second
Amendment is entered into as of the 31st day of January 2023, by and between TWO BROS L.P., Lessor and
POLAR POWER INC., Lessee ), with reference to the following facts: 

R
E C I T A L S 

A.
Lessor and Lessee entered into that certain AIR Commercial Real Estate Association Standard Industrial/Commercial Land Lease-Gross dated
for reference purposes only November 7, 2014, as amended by that First Amendment to Lease dated March 25, 2019, for the premises commonly
known as 249 E. Gardena Blvd., Carson, California 90248 

 (collectively
referred to herein with all amendments and addendums as the Lease 

B.
Lessee and Lessor desire by this Second Amendment to extend the Lease term and make further amendments to the Lease, and hereby agree
to the changes as provided hereinbelow. 

NOW
THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing Recitals and the mutual covenants and promises contained herein, and for other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: 

1.
 Extension of Term . The term of the Lease is hereby extended commencing March 1, 2023, for three (3) additional years, expiring
February 28, 2026 (the Extended Period ), 

2.
 Base Rent. The monthly Base Rent for the Extended Period shall be as follows: 

(i) 
 commencing
 on March 1, 2023 and continuing through February 28, 2024, Base Rent payable by Lessee for the Premises shall be 58,096.00 
 per month; 

(ii) 
 commencing
 on March 1, 2024 and continuing through February 28, 2025, Base Rent payable by Lessee for the Premises shall be 74,122.00 
 per month; 

(iii) 
 commencing
 on March 1, 2025, and continuing through February 28, 2026, Base Rent payable by Lessee for the Premises shall be 84,139.00 
 per month; 

3.
 Credits for Repairs and Improvements . Lessor shall provide Lessee a rent credit in an amount not to exceed 27,900.00
(the Rent Credit for the following repairs and improvements which shall be the obligation and responsibility of the Lessee
to cause to be performed and completed: 

a. An
 amount not to exceed 24,000 for the labor and materials to install Led fixtures and lights
 in the Premises. 

b. An
 amount not to exceed 3,900.00 to purchase and replace the parking gate motor. 

As
a condition of Lessor s providing any of the Rent Credit to Lessee, Lessee shall prior to entering into any contract or commencing
the work as described in 3a. and 3b. above (i) obtain at least two estimates for the work to be performed from reputable licensed contractors
and (ii) provide copies of the estimates and contracts for the materials and work to be performed to Lessor for Lessor s prior
written approval. 

Upon
satisfactory completion of the work approved by Lessor to be performed, Lessee shall submit to Lessor proof of payment to the contractor s
and or suppliers for the completed work in items 3 a. and 3 b. above, thereafter Lessor shall promptly inspect the completed work, and
once approved by Lessor, Lessor shall credit Lessee the amount paid by Lessee to the contractor or supplier performing the work in amount
not to exceed the amounts provided above for each item of work in 3a and 3b agreed to be performed. 

Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein Lessor reserves the right to obtain estimates for the work to be performed in 3a and 3b above and may
at its option require its contractor to perform the work. Lessor intends to pursue reimbursement from Southern California Edison as well
through other agencies offering subsidies for the work described in 3a., Lessee agrees to cooperate with Lessor in investigating and
pursuing these possible sources to subsidize the cost and expense. 

6.
 Estoppel. Lessee represents and warrants that (i) it has been in possession of the Premises since January 1, 2015; and
(ii) as of the date of this Second Amendment, Lessor has performed all obligations required of Lessor under the Lease; no offsets, counterclaims,
claims of breach or defenses of Lessee under the Lease exist against Lessor; and no events have occurred that, with the passage of time
or the giving of notice, would constitute a basis for offsets, counterclaims, claims of breach or defenses against Lessor. 

7.
 Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counter parts, each of which shall be deemed original, and
all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

8.
 No Further Modifications . Except as set forth in this Amendment, all the terms and provisions of the Lease as amended
shall apply and shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , this Amendment is hereby executed as of the day and year first above written. 

LESSOR: 
 
 LESSEE: 
 
 Two Bros L.P. 
 
 Polar Power Inc. 
 
 /s/
 Sandy Shadrow 
 
 /s/
Arthur D. Sams 
 
 Managing
Partner 
 
 Arthur
D. Sams, CEO 

02/07/2023 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-252196), Form S-1 (No. 333-240134),
and Form S-8 (No. 333-215056) of Polar Power, Inc. of our report dated March 31, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Polar
Power, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years then ended, which appear in the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2023. 

/s/
Weinberg Company, P.A. 

 Los
Angeles, California 

 March
31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Arthur D. Sams, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Polar Power, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Arthur D. Sams 

Arthur D. Sams 

President, Chief Executive
 Officer and Secretary 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Luis Zavala, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Polar Power, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Luis Zavala 

Luis Zavala 

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Polar Power, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certify
in their capacities as the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, respectively, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.
the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2.
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Arthur D. Sams 
 
 /s/
 Luis Zavala 
 
 Arthur D. Sams 
 
 Luis Zavala 
 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signatures that appear in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 pola-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 pola-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 pola-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 pola-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

