<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1815753_0001213900-23-025466.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4343298</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>279365</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>927353</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1016053</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1018981</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>980401</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025466.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331161051
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025466
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Thunder Bridge Capital Partners III Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001815753
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				851445798
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39998
		FILM NUMBER:		23787711

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9912 GEORGETOWN PIKE SUITE D203
		CITY:			GREAT FALLS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			22066
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7037592502

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9912 GEORGETOWN PIKE SUITE D203
		CITY:			GREAT FALLS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			22066

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Thunder Bridge Capital Partners, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200622

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025466.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_thunderbridge3.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and one-fifth of one redeemable Warrant TBCPU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock for 11.50 per share TBCPW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The
aggregate market value of the outstanding shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, other than shares held by persons who
may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, equal to 41,200,000 on June 30, 2022, computed by reference to the closing price for the
Class A common stock on June 30, 2022 as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market, was 
million. 

As of March 31, 2023, there were shares of Class
A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of
the registrant issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 19 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 22 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 24 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 28 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 29 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 29 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 29 
 
 Item
 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 29 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 30 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 36 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 36 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 38 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 39 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 40 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 40 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Report (as defined below), including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act (as defined below) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can
be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, 
 expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, 
 predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable
terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but
are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other
statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations,
but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to select an
 appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete
 our initial business combination (as defined below); 

our expectations around
 the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining
 or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors
 allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial
 business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

the potential incentive
 to consummate an initial business combination with an acquisition target that subsequently declines in value or is unprofitable for
 public investors due to the low initial price for the founder shares paid by our sponsor (as defined below), certain members of our
 team as well as institutional and professional accredited investors pursuant to forward purchase arrangements; 

our potential ability to
 obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective
 target businesses; 

our ability to consummate
 an initial business combination due to uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 global pandemic; 

the ability of our officers
 and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

our public securities 
 potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for
 our securities; 

the use of proceeds not
 held in the trust account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being
 subject to claims of third parties; 

our financial performance;
 or 

the other risks and uncertainties
 discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors below. 

ii 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or
more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material
respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

Additional Payment are to the additional redemption payment made by Continental (as defined below) to the Redeeming Stockholders (as defined below) at a rate of 0.02841302 per share in connection with the Extension Special Meeting (as defined below); 

amended and restated articles of incorporation are to the articles of incorporation of the Company (as defined below), as amended on January 8, 2021, February 4, 2021 and December 16, 2022; 

ASC are to the FASB (as defined below) Accounting Standards Codification; 

board of directors, board or directors are to the board of directors of the Company; 

business combination are to a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

Class A common stock are to the shares of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B common stock are to the shares of Class B common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Combination Period are to the period from the closing of the initial public offering (as defined below) to August 10, 2023, or such earlier date as determined by the board, that the Company has to consummate an initial business combination; 

common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock; 

Company, our Company, we, or us, are to Thunder Bridge Capital Partners III, Inc., a company incorporated in Delaware; 

Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined below); 

DGCL are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; 

DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

Extension are to the extension of the date by which we must consummate our initial business combination, from February 10, 2023 to August 10, 2023 at the Extension Special Meeting; 

iii 

Extension Special
 Meeting are to the 2022 special meeting of stockholders held on December 16, 2022; 

FASB are
 to the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 

FinTech are
 collectively to businesses that provide data processing, storage and transmission services, data bases and payment services, fraud
 detection, data analysis or verification, client or customer interface, or have adopted operations in the financial services industry
 that are more technologically driven than the operational platforms of the legacy operators; 

founder shares 
 are to the shares of Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor (as defined below) in the private placement (as defined
 below) and share capitalization prior to our initial public offering and which are currently held by our sponsor (which shares may
 be transferred to permitted transferees from time to time) and shares of the Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic
 conversion of the shares of Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination as described herein (for the avoidance
 of doubt, such Class A common stock will not be public shares (as defined below); 

GAAP are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

GT are to Grant Thornton LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm; 

IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 

initial public offering or IPO are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on February 10, 2021; 

initial stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering (or their permitted transferees); 

Investment Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

JSOV are to JAM Special Opportunity Ventures, our special advisor, and an affiliate of Jacobs Asset Management; 

management or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Capital Market; 

Overpayment Amount are to the 0.02683921 per share the Redeeming Stockholders were overpaid in connection with the Extension Special Meeting; 

PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

placement shares are to the shares of our Class A common stock included within the placement units (as defined below) purchased by our sponsor in the private placement; 

placement units are to the units purchased by our sponsor in the private placement, each placement unit consisting of one placement share and one-fifth of one placement warrant; 

placement warrants are to the warrants included within the placement units purchased by our sponsor in the private placement; 

private placement are to the private placement of 865,000 placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit, which occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; 

iv 

Promissory Note are to the promissory note with respect to the Working Capital Loan (as defined below) the sponsor made to us on March 25, 2022; 

public shares are to shares of Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder s and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public warrants are to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

Registration Statement are to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC (as defined below) on January 15, 2021, as amended, and declared effective on February 4, 2021 (File No. 333-252109); 

Redeeming Stockholders are to the stockholders holding 40,302,259 public shares who exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account in connection with the Extension Special Meeting; 

Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

SPACs are to special purpose acquisition companies; 

sponsor are to TBCP III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

trust account are to the U.S.-based
trust account in which an amount of 414,000,000 from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial public offering and the
placement units was placed following the closing of the initial public offering; 

units are to the units sold
in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one-fifth of one public warrant; 

warrants are to our redeemable
 warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the placement warrants to the extent they are no longer held by the initial
 purchasers of the placement units or their permitted transferees; and 

Working Capital Loans are to
 funds that, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the initial
 stockholders or an affiliate of the initial stockholders or certain of the Company s directors and officers may, but are not
 obligated to, loan the Company. 

v 

PART
I 

Item 1. Business. 

General 

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation on June 12, 2020, for the purpose of effecting a business combination.
We have not selected any specific business combination target, have generated no operating revenues to date and will not generate operating
revenues until we consummate our initial business combination. 

Initial
Public Offering 

On
February 10, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 41,400,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common
stock, and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock
at 11.50 per whole share. The units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 414,000,000. Simultaneously
with the initial public offering, the sponsor purchased an aggregate of 1,003,000 placement units at 10.00 per unit, generating gross
proceeds of 10,030,000. 

A
total of 414,000,000 of the net proceeds from our initial public offering and the private placement were deposited in the trust account. 

Extension
of Our Combination Period 

We
originally had up to 24 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or until February 10, 2023, to consummate an initial
business combination. However, at the Extension Special Meeting held on December 16, 2022, our stockholders approved an amendment to
the articles of incorporation to extend the end of the Combination Period from February 10, 2023 to August 10, 2023 (or such earlier
date as determined by our board of directors). In connection with the Extension Special Meeting, the Redeeming Stockholders, holding
 40,302,259 public shares, exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion
of the funds in the trust account. Following the redemptions, as of December 31, 2022, we had 1,097,741 public shares outstanding. 

In
connection with the Extension Special Meeting, on December 30, 2022, an initial redemption payment was made by Continental, as trustee
of the trust account, to the Redeeming Stockholders at a rate of 10.10 per share and, on January 11, 2023, Continental made the Additional
Payment to the Redeeming Stockholders at a rate of 0.02841302 per share, for a total redemption payment per share of 10.12841302. It
was later determined that we did not withdraw all of the interest from the trust account that we were allowed to withdraw to cover income
and franchise taxes and, therefore, the Additional Payment should have been 0.00157381 per share, for a total redemption payment of
 10.10157381 per share. This meant that the Redeeming Stockholders were overpaid the Overpayment Amount of 0.02683921 per share. 

The
Redeeming Stockholders are in the process of being notified of this situation and are being instructed to return the Overpayment
Amount to Continental. To date, we have recovered substantially all of the Overpayment Amount. 

Objective
and Business Opportunity 

Since
our initial public offering in February 2021, we have concentrated our efforts in identifying businesses in the financial services industry,
including asset and wealth management, lending and leasing, and businesses providing financial technological services to, or operating
in, the financial services industry. We have placed a particular emphasis on FinTech businesses. We are not, however, required to complete
our initial business combination with a financial services or financial technology business and, as a result, we may pursue a business
combination outside of that industry. We are seeking to acquire established businesses that we believe are fundamentally sound but potentially
in need of financial, operational, strategic or managerial enhancement or redirection to maximize value. We do not intend to acquire
start-up or other early-stage companies, companies with speculative business plans or companies that are excessively leveraged. 

1 

We
believe our management team and senior special advisor have the skills and experience to identify, evaluate and consummate a business
combination and is positioned to assist businesses we acquire. However, our management team and senior special advisor s network
and investing and operating experience do not guarantee a successful initial business combination. The members of our management team
and senior special advisor are not required to devote any significant amount of time to our business and are concurrently involved with
other businesses. There is no guarantee that our current officers and directors will continue in their respective roles, or in any other
role, after our initial business combination, and their expertise may only be of benefit to us until our initial business combination
is completed. 

Furthermore,
our sponsor, management team, and their affiliates have a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships developed through extensive
experience sourcing, acquiring, growing, financing and selling businesses; maintaining dialogues with sellers, capital providers and
target management teams; and executing transactions under varying economic and financial conditions. 

We
believe that these networks of contacts and relationships have provided us with an important source of investment opportunities. In addition,
target business candidates have been brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants,
private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. We have not participated
in the auction processes for prospective target companies. 

Business
Strategy 

We
seek to capitalize on the significant financial services, asset and fund management, financial technology and banking experience, private
and public equity experience, and contacts of our (i) management team, including Gary Simanson, our President and Chief Executive Officer
and a Director, William Houlihan, our Chief Financial Officer, David E. Mangum, a Director, Mary Ann Gillespie, a Director, Robert
Hartheimer, a Director, Stewart Paperin, a Director, Allerd Derk Stikker, a Director, (ii) Pete Kight, our senior special advisor and
(iii) JSOV, our special advisor, to identify, evaluate, acquire and operate a target business. If we elect to pursue an investment outside
of the financial services or FinTech industry, our management s expertise related to that industry may not be directly applicable
to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Report regarding that industry might not be relevant to an understanding
of the business that we elect to acquire. Members of our management team, senior special advisor and special advisor have extensive experience
in the financial services industry, the financial technology industry, the asset and wealth management industry, as well as extensive
experience in operating financial services companies in a public company environment and a private company environment, serving on both
public and private company boards of directors, including financial institutions and FinTech companies, strong knowledge and experience
in financial, legal and regulatory matters, initial public offerings, private equity and venture capital, as well as mergers and acquisitions
in the financial services industry. 

We
believe that potential sellers of target businesses view the fact that members of our management team and our senior special advisor
have successfully closed business combinations with vehicles similar to our company as a positive factor in considering whether or not
to enter into a business combination with us. However, with respect to the foregoing examples, past performance of our management team,
senior special advisor, and special advisor is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we
may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not
rely on the historical performance record of our management team, senior special advisor, and special advisor as indicative of our future
performance. Our executive officers and directors may have conflicts of interest with other entities to which they owe fiduciary or contractual
obligations with respect to initial business combination opportunities. Additionally, in the course of their respective careers, members
of our management team, senior special advisor, and special advisor have been involved in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. 

Our
officers are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary,
in the exercise of their respective business judgement, to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The
amount of time they devote in any time period varies based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination
and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not have an employment agreement with any of our officers. 

2 

We
identified the following criteria that we have used and intend to continue to use in evaluating business combination opportunities. We
expect that no individual criterion will entirely determine a decision to pursue a particular opportunity. Any particular business combination
opportunity which we ultimately determine to pursue may meet some but not all of these criteria: 

History of free cash
 flow generation . We seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have a history of, or potential
 for, strong, stable free cash flow generation, with predictable and recurring revenue streams. 

Revenues and Enterprise
 Value . We seek to acquire one or more businesses with annual revenues of approximately 150 million
 to 750 million and an enterprise value of approximately 500 million to 1.5 billion. 

Strong management
 team . We seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have strong, experienced management
 teams or those that provide a platform for us to assemble an effective and experienced management team. We focus on management teams
 with a proven track record of driving revenue growth, enhancing profitability and creating value for their stockholders. 

Opportunities for
 add-on acquisitions . We seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that we can grow both
 organically and through acquisitions. In addition, we believe that our ability to source proprietary opportunities and execute transactions
 will help the business we acquire grow through acquisition, and thus serve as a platform for further add-on acquisitions. 

Spin-offs/divestitures
 of non-core businesses or assets from larger companies . We focus on one or more businesses or
 assets that are part of larger companies where the owners seek to divest or spin-off such businesses in order to free up capital
 to focus on core activities. 

Defensible business
 niche . We seek to acquire on one or more businesses or assets that have a leading or niche market
 position and that demonstrate advantages when compared to their competitors, which may help to create barriers to entry against new
 competitors. We anticipate that these barriers to entry will enhance the ability of these businesses or assets to generate strong
 profitability and free cash flow. 

Diversified customer
 and supplier base . We seek to acquire one or more businesses or assets that have a diversified customer
 and supplier base, which are generally better able to endure economic downturns, industry consolidation, changing business preferences
 and other factors that may negatively impact their customers, suppliers and competitors. 

Competitive
Strengths 

We
believe we have the following competitive strengths: 

Management Operating
 and Investing Experience . Our directors and executive officers have significant executive, investment and operational experience
 in the financial services and financial technology industries. Although in the course of their careers they have been involved in
 some unsuccessful businesses and deals, we believe that this breadth of experience provides us with a competitive advantage in evaluating
 businesses and acquisition opportunities in our target industry. 

Established Deal
 Sourcing Network . As a result of their extensive experience in the financial services industry as well as their other
 corporate relationships, our management team members have developed a broad array of contacts in the industry. We believe that these
 contacts are important in generating acquisition opportunities for us. 

3 

Strong Financial Position and Flexibility . With
 a trust account (as of December 31, 2022) in the amount of approximately 11.1 million (which takes into account the Additional Payment
 and collection by us of the Overpayment Amount) and a public market for our common stock, we offer a target business a variety of
 options to facilitate a future business combination and fund the growth and expansion of business operations. Because we are able
 to consummate an initial business combination using our capital stock, debt, cash or a combination of the foregoing, we have the
 flexibility to design an acquisition structure to address the needs of the parties. We have not, however, taken any steps to secure
 third party financing and would only do so simultaneously with the consummation of our initial business combination. Accordingly,
 our flexibility in structuring an initial business combination may be constrained by our ability to arrange third-party financing,
 if required. 

Status as a Public
 Company . We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to prospective target businesses. As
 an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger
 or other business combination with us. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock
 in the target business for shares of our stock. Once public, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital
 and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as
 a private company. We believe that being a public company can also augment a company s profile among potential new customers
 and vendors and aid it in attracting and retaining talented employees. 

Our
Investment Process 

In
evaluating prospective business combinations, we conduct a thorough due diligence review process that encompasses, among other things,
a review of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management team and advisors (if applicable), on-site inspection
of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. We also utilize
the expertise of our management team in public security valuation, analyzing financial services companies and evaluating operating projections,
financial projections and determining the appropriate return expectations given the risk profile of the target business. 

Following
the announcement of our initial business combination, we intend to evaluate opportunities to enhance stockholder value. In doing so,
the management team anticipates evaluating corporate governance, opportunistically accessing capital markets, procuring publicly accessible
investor research on the business combination and other opportunities to enhance liquidity, identifying acquisition and divestiture opportunities,
and properly aligning management and board incentives with the appropriate metrics that public company investors use to track stockholder
value growth. 

Sourcing
of Potential Business Combination Targets 

We
believe that the operational and transactional experience of our management team, senior special advisor and special advisor and their
respective affiliates, and the relationships they have developed as a result of such experience, provides us with a substantial number
of potential business combination targets. These individuals and entities have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships
around the world. This network has grown through sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, relationships with sellers, financing
sources and target management teams and experience in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions.
We believe that these networks of contacts and relationships provide us important sources of investment opportunities. In addition, target
business candidates have been brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private
equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to divest noncore assets or divisions. 

Our
acquisition criteria, due diligence processes and value creation methods are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to
the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as
other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial
business combination with a target business that meets some but not all of the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the
target business meets some but not all of the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination,
which would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC. 

4 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event
we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or
a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm
that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, that such
an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion
in any other context. 

Unless
we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, or our board of directors cannot independently determine the
fair market value of the target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm, another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or from an
independent accounting firm that the price we are paying for a target is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion
is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on
standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy
solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity
to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under
Delaware law. All of our officers currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority
over their duties to us. 

Other
Acquisition Considerations 

Members
of our management team directly and indirectly own our common stock and/or placement units, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of
interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business
combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business
combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any
agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Initial
Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on
the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of
directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not
able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such
criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair
market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of
a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally,
pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

5 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which
our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or
(ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the
target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However, we
will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act . Even if the
post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial
business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed
to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling
interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior
to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s
80 fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test
will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business
combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

Status
as a Public Company 

We
believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target
business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following
an initial business combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating
management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business
can further benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In
a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the
target business for our shares of Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of
Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. 

Although
there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a
more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial
public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there
are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road
show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 

Furthermore,
once a proposed initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial
public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions,
which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business
combination, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management
incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public
company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting
talented employees. 

While
we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target
businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder
approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. 

6 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As
such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public
companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent
registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find
our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities
may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In
other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would
otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following February 10,
2026, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be
a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in
non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Financial
Position 

With
funds available for a business combination in the amount of approximately 11,118,374, as of December 31, 2022, after reducing the
balance for income taxes payable, and assuming no further redemptions, the return of the Overpayment Amount and before payment of
 14,490,000 of deferred underwriting fees and fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target
business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and
expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our
initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility
to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its
needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be
available to us. 

Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations until we consummate our initial business combination. We intend
to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement
of the placement units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to backstop
agreements we may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target,
or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially
unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and
businesses. 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A
common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for
maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness
incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

7 

We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the
amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we may target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial
public offering and the sale of the placement units, and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed
initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we will complete such financing only simultaneously
with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than
the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the
terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions
on our ability to raise funds privately, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not
a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities
or otherwise. 

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on
the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market
value of our initial business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted
by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses
or a valuation based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able
to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria.
While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value
of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular
target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to
purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement,
our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although
we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal
operations. 

In
any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business
or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will
be taken into account for purposes of the Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

In
evaluating a prospective business target, we conduct a thorough due diligence review, which encompasses, among other things, meetings
with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as
a review of financial and other information that are made available to us. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in
our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

8 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of
diversification may: 

subject us to negative
 economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry
 in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the
 marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business
combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the
future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team and senior special advisor, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any
certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial
business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business
combination. Moreover, there can be no assurances that members of our management team and senior special advisor will have significant
experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

There
can be no assurances that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company.
The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial
business combination. 

Following
a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. There
can be no assurances that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that such additional managers will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, subject to the provisions of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange
rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation
of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law
for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 
 Whether 
 Stockholder 
 Approval is 
 Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger
 with the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 
 Yes 

9 

Under
Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of Class A
 common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers
 or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or
 greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential
 issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common stock or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential
 issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted
Purchases of our Securities 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers or their affiliates may purchase
shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our
initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers or their affiliates
may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and the Nasdaq rules. However, other than as described in
this report, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or
conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession
of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange
Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under
the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the
purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with
such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such
purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or
public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

The
purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase
the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement
with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce
the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection
with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A
common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult
to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers,
directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt
of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination.
To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact
only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account
or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial
business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation
M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

10 

Any
purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under
the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe
harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has
certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2)
or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the
Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption
Rights for Public Stockholders Upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon
the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes or for working capital purposes, divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account as of December
31, 2022 was approximately 10.14 per share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their
shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any
founder shares and placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon
the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial
business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed
initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of
factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval
under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under the Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically
require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than
20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder
approval. If we structure an initial business combination with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will
not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions
without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange
listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain
a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules. 

If
a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions
 pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file tender offer documents
 with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information
 about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates
 the solicitation of proxies. 

11 

Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with
Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares
through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination
until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering
more than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that
we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately
prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of and the deferred underwriting commissions (so
that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which
may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have
offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

If,
however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions
 in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies,
 and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file proxy materials with
 the SEC. 

In
the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If
we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common
stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person
or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares
of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant
to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and placement shares and any public
shares they own in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares
of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained.
As of December 31, 2022, after accounting for the redemption of public shares in connection with the Extension, the sponsor owns 83.1 
of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, the sponsor will have the ability, voting on its own, to satisfy quorum
requirements and to approve an initial business combination, and, unless otherwise required under applicable law, none of our public shares
will need to vote in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. We intend to
give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting,
if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting
agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public
stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

12 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption)
our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination
and after payment of and the deferred underwriting commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business
combination. For example, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target
or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the
retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event
the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for
redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed
the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares
of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Tendering
Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

We
may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares
in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent up to two business days prior to the vote on
the proposal to approve the initial business combination, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC
System, at the holder s option. The proxy materials that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our
initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly,
a public stockholder would have up to two days prior to the vote on the initial business combination to tender its shares if it wishes
to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic
delivery of their public shares. 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them
through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether
or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders
seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights
regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date of the stockholder meeting. Furthermore, if a holder
of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the
applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically
or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares
will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If
our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different
target through the end of the Combination Period. 

13 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if No Initial Business Combination 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have only until the end of the Combination Period to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period,
we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to
us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless
if we fail to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and placement shares held by them if we fail to complete our
initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares
in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such
public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in
connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
by the end of the Combination Period or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock
upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes or
for working capital purposes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we will only redeem our public shares
so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation
of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the
SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public
shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the
related redemption of our public shares at such time. 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts held outside the trust account 180,109 as of December 31, 2022), although we cannot assure you that there will
be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to
pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing
our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes on interest
income earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such
accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

14 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the placement units, other than the proceeds
deposited in the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately
 10.14 (based on the trust account balance as of December 31, 2022, net of income taxes payable). The proceeds deposited in the trust
account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public
stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially
less than 10.14 (based on the trust account balance as of December 31, 2022, net of income taxes payable). Under Section 281(b)
of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made
in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of
our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient
to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although
we have sought and will continue to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses
or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such
agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including
but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the
enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds
held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account,
our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party
that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial
to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include
the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior
to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider
willing to execute a waiver. 

In
addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor
has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us,
or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or
business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and
(ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less
than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply
to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust
account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial
public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to
reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy
its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure
you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third
parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors
would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect
that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to
us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance.
Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be
less than 10.00 per public share. 

15 

We
seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to
have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which
we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account.
Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We may access amounts held outside the trust account 180,109 as of December
31, 2022) to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated
to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate, and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims
and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

If
we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the
trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot
assure you we will be able to return 10.14 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an
involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our
company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our
public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion
of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder
vote to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our
obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
complete our initial business combination prior to the end of the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our
public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination prior to the end of the Combination Period, subject to applicable
law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we
seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial
business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the
trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with
a stockholder vote. 

Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering
that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

If we are unable to complete
 our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
 of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available
 funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
 on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
 to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public
 shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
 further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
 such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject
 in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and
 the requirements of other applicable law; 

16 

Prior to our initial business
 combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds
 from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

Although we do not intend
 to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers,
 we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors,
 will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation
 opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a stockholder vote on
 our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal
 reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will
 file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same
 financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation
 14A of the Exchange Act; whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on the Nasdaq, we will
 provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above; 

So long as we obtain and
 maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq, Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations
 having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred
 underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement
 in connection with our initial business combination; 

If
our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing
of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we
do not complete our initial business combination prior to the end of the Combination Period or (ii) with respect to any other
provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with
the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes or for working capital purposes, divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares; 

There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and 

We will not
 effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after
such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial
business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered and may continue to
encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies,
private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities
are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover,
many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target
businesses is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial
business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise
their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and
the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may
place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

17 

Indemnity 

Our
sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold
to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement
or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share
and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if
less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will
not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held
in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked
our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds
to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot
assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims
by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Employees 

We
currently have two officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote
as much of their time as they deem necessary, in the exercise of their respective business judgement, to our affairs and intend to continue
doing so until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that our officers or any members of our management
team devote in any time period may vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and
the current stage of the initial business combination process. 

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

We
have registered our units, Class A common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the
requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act,
our annual reports, including this Report, contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public
accountants. 

We
will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation materials
or tender offer documents sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements
will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial
statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit
the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such
statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination
candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare
its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we
may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates,
we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We
are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth
company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity
to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination.
We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12
of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current
intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation
of our initial business combination. 

18 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation
and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following February 10,
2026, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be
a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in
non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held
by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) our annual revenues exceed 100 million during
such completed fiscal year or the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior
June 30. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

As
a smaller reporting company under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However,
below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we are a blank check, early
 stage company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we may not be able to select
 an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed time frame; 

our expectations around
 the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; 

we may not be successful
 in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors
 may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have conflicts of interest
 with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

19 

we may not be able to obtain
 additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of stockholders requesting redemption; 

we may issue our shares
 to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our
 shares at that time; 

our stockholders may not
 be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

trust account funds may
 not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

an active market for our
 public securities may not develop and our stockholders will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the availability to us
 of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the business combination; 

our financial performance
 following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record of revenue, cash flows
 and experienced management; 

there may be more competition
 to find an attractive target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated with completing our initial
 business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target; 

changes in the market for
 directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial
 business combination; 

we may attempt to simultaneously
 complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination
 and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability; 

we may engage one or more
 of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering,
 which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection
 with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released
 from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have
 potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for
 example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

we may attempt to complete
 our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business
 combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

our warrants are accounted
 for as derivative liabilities and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings,
 which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial
 business combination; 

since our initial stockholders
 will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to any public
 shares they may acquire during or after our initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers and directors may profit
 substantially even under circumstances in which our public stockholders would experience losses in connection with their investment,
 a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business
 combination; 

20 

changes in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations; 

the value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.14 per share; 

resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the Combination Period, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.14 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless; 

in March 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating
 to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to
 undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business combination and
 may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with such proposals
 may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose; 

if we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead liquidate the Company; 

to mitigate the risk that
 we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, on February 28, 2023, we instructed
 the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in an interest
 bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. As a
 result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account, we probably will receive less interest on the funds held in
 the trust account than the interest we would have received pursuant to our original trust account investments, which would likely
 reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company; 

we may not be able to complete an initial business combination with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations, including the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States; 

recent increases in inflation and interest
rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

military conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increased price
volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; and 

a 1 U.S. federal excise tax may be imposed on us in connection with our redemptions of shares in connection with a business combination or other stockholder vote pursuant to which stockholders would have a right to submit their shares for redemption. 

21 

Adverse developments affecting the financial
services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions, could adversely
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or our prospects. 

The funds in our operating
account and our trust account are held in banks or other financial institutions. Our cash held in non-interest bearing and interest-bearing
accounts would exceed any applicable Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. Should events, including
limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments occur with respect to the banks or other financial institutions
that hold our funds, or that affect financial institutions or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any
events of these kinds or other similar risks, our liquidity may be adversely affected. For example, on March 10, 2023, the FDIC announced
that Silicon Valley Bank had been closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation. Although we did not have
any funds in Silicon Valley Bank or other institutions that have been closed, we cannot guarantee that the banks or other financial institutions
that hold our funds will not experience similar issues. 

In addition, investor concerns
regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest
rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby
making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on terms favorable to us in connection with a potential business combination, or
at all, and could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity, our business, financial condition or results of operations, and our
prospects. Our business may be adversely impacted by these developments in ways that we cannot predict at this time, there may be additional
risks that we have not yet identified, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to avoid negative consequences directly or indirectly
from any failure of one or more banks or other financial institutions. 

For the complete list of risks
relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our Registration Statement, (ii) Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022, 
(iii) Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, filed with
the SEC on May 12, 2022, August 8, 2022 and November 14, 2022, respectively, and (iv) Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed
with the SEC on November 29, 2022. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations
or financial condition. Additional risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial business combination.
We may disclose changes to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not
applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our executive offices are
located at 9912 Georgetown Pike, Suite D203, Great Falls, Virginia 22066, and our telephone number is (202) 431-0507. The cost for our
use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to First Capital Group, LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor, for office
space, administrative and shared personnel support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

To
the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors
in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

22 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market
Information 

Our units, public shares and
public warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols TBCPU, TBCP 
and TBCPW , respectively. Our units commenced public trading on February 10, 2021, and our public shares and public warrants
commenced separate public trading on March 29, 2021. 

(b) Holders 

On March 31, 2023, there were 2 holders of record of our units, 1 holder
of record of our public shares and 1 holder of record of our warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None.

(f) Use
of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

For
a description of the use of proceeds generated in our initial public offering and private placement, see Part II, Item 2 of our Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021. There has been no material change
in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering and private placement as described in the Registration Statement. Our
specific investments in our trust account may change from time to time. 

On
February 28, 2023, we instructed Continental to liquidate the investments held
in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at Morgan Stanley,
with Continental continuing to act as trustee, until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation.
As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account, the remaining proceeds from the initial public offering
and private placement are no longer invested in U.S. government securities or money market funds. 

(g) Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

In
connection with the Extension Special Meeting, the Redeeming Stockholders, holding 40,302,259 public
shares, exercised their right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account. Following the redemptions,
as of December 31, 2023, we had 1,097,741 public shares outstanding. 

In
connection with the Extension Special Meeting, on December 30, 2022, an initial redemption payment was made by Continental, as trustee
of the trust account, to the Redeeming Stockholders at a rate of 10.10 per share and, on January 11, 2023, Continental made the Additional
Payment to the Redeeming Stockholders at a rate of 0.02841302 per share, for a total redemption payment per share of 10.12841302. It
was later determined that we did not withdraw all of the interest from the trust account that we were allowed to withdraw to cover income
and franchise taxes and, therefore, the Additional Payment should have been 0.00157381 per share, for a total redemption payment of 10.10157381
per share. This meant that the Redeeming Stockholders were overpaid the Overpayment Amount of 0.02683921 per share. Continental is currently
in the process of trying to collect the Overpayment Amount from the Redeeming Stockholders. To date, we have recovered substantially all of the Overpayment Amount. 

23 

The following table contains
monthly information about the repurchases of our equity securities for the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 (a) Total number of shares (or units) purchased 
 (b) Average price paid per share (or unit) 
 (c) Total number of shares (or units) purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 
 (d) Maximum number (or approximate dollar value) of shares (or units) that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs 
 
 October 1 October 31, 2022 

November 1 November 30, 2022 

December 1 December 31, 2022 
 40,302,259 
 10.10 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements in this section
regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking
statements. When used in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, 
 intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management.
Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed
in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf
are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a business combination. We intend
to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of
the placement units, the proceeds of the sale of our securities in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to backstop
agreements we may enter into), our shares, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

The
issuance of additional shares in connection with an initial business combination to the owners of the target or other investors: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of our common stockholders, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of shares of our Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

24 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants. 

Similarly,
if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 

other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

As
indicated in the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report, we had 180,109 held outside the trust
account that is available to us to fund our working capital requirements and 11,118,374 (which takes into account the Additional Payment
and collection by us of the Overpayment Amount) held inside the trust account as of December 31, 2022. 

Recent Developments 

On February 28, 2023, we instructed Continental to liquidate the investments held
in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at Morgan Stanley,
with Continental continuing to act as trustee, until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation.
As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account, the remaining proceeds from the initial public offering
and private placement are no longer invested in U.S. government securities or money market funds. 

Results of Operations 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had net income of
 9,386,738 and 72,832 and a loss from operations of 1,517,863 and 1,404,498, respectively. The large increase in net income for 2022
versus 2021 is the result of an increase in interest rates resulting in additional interest income of 5,612,429 and 4,925,395 increase
in income due to the change in the fair value of the warranty liability. Since the consummation of our initial public offering through
December 31, 2022, our activity has been limited to the evaluation of potential initial business combination candidates, and we will not
be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination. We are incurring increased
expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due
diligence expenses. 

25 

Liquidity, Capital
Resources and Going Concern 

Prior
to the consummation of our initial public offering, our only sources of liquidity were an initial purchase of founder shares for 25,000
by the sponsor, and a total of 100,000 of loans and advances by the sponsor. 

On
February 10, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering in which we sold 41,400,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit generating
gross proceeds of 414,000,000 before underwriting fees and expenses. Simultaneously with the consummation of our initial public offering,
we consummated the private placement of 1,003,000 placement units, generating gross proceeds, before expenses, of 10,030,000. Each placement
unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to
purchase one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per whole share. 

In
connection with our initial public offering, we incurred offering costs of 23,191,740 (including an underwriting fee of 8,280,000 and
deferred underwriting commissions of 14,490,000). Other incurred offering costs consisted principally of formation and preparation fees
related to our initial public offering. A total of 414,000,000, comprised of 403,970,000 of the proceeds from the initial public offering
and 10,030,000 of the proceeds of the private placement, was placed in the trust account, established for the benefit of our public stockholders.
Prior to the closing of our initial public offering, the sponsor had made 100,000 in loans and advances to us. The loans and advances
were non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of March 31, 2021 or the completion of our initial public offering. The loans of
 100,000 were fully repaid upon the consummation of our initial public offering on March 10, 2021. 

On March 25, 2022, we executed
the Promissory Note, a Working Capital Loan in the form of a promissory note to the sponsor to loan us funds up to 1,500,000. As
of December 31, 2022, we had borrowed 475,000 and had 1,025,000 available to us under the Promissory Note. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficit of approximately 2,557,000, including approximately 180,000 in our operating
bank account. 

Our liquidity needs to date
have been satisfied through a contribution of 25,000 from the sponsor to cover certain expenses in exchange for the issuance of
the founder shares, an advance from an affiliate of the sponsor of the payment of certain formation and operating costs on behalf of the
Company and the proceeds from the consummation of the private placement not held in the trust account. In addition, as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, there were 475,000 and 0 amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Loan. 

In connection with the our
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements
- Going Concern ASC 205-40 ), we have evaluated our liquidity and financial condition and determined that it is probable
we will not be able to meet our obligations over the period of one year from the issuance date of the financial statements contained elsewhere
in this Report. In addition, while the we plan to seek additional funding or to consummate an initial business combination, there is no
guarantee we will be able to borrow such funds from our sponsor, an affiliate of the sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors
in order to meet our obligations through the earlier of the consummation of an initial business combination or one year from this filing.
We have determined that the uncertainty surrounding the our liquidity condition raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Report do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Contractual Obligations 

At
December 31, 2022, we did not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. 

26 

The
underwriters were paid a cash underwriting fee of 2 of gross proceeds of the initial public offering, or 8,280,000. In addition, the
underwriters are entitled to aggregate deferred underwriting commissions of 14,490,000 consisting of 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the
initial public offering. The deferred underwriting commissions will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust
account solely in the event that we complete an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement by and
among us and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC. 

Critical Accounting
Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have
identified the following as its critical accounting policies: 

Liquidity
and Going Concern Consideration 

In
connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance ASC 205-40, we
have until August 10, 2023 to consummate a business combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a business combination
by this time. If we do not complete our business combination by August 10, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the common
stock sold as part of the units in the IPO, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of franchise and income taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of such
net interest which may be distributed to us to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to
the approval of our remaining stockholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations
under the DGCL to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

In
the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including
trust account assets) will be less than the initial public offering price per unit in the IPO. In addition, if we fail to complete our
business combination by August 10, 2023, there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the warrants,
which will expire worthless. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a business
combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after August 10, 2023.
The amount of time remaining to finalize a business combination does raise substantial doubt in the Company as a going concern. 

In
addition, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had current liabilities of 2,767,200 and 7,258,974, respectively, and
working capital (deficit) of 2,557,078) and 6,664,274), respectively. These amounts include our warrant liability and accrued
expenses owed to professionals, consultants, advisors and others who are working on seeking a business combination. Such work is continuing
after December 31, 2022 and amounts are continuing to accrue. In order to finance ongoing operating costs, the sponsor or an affiliate
of the sponsor may provide us with additional working capital via a Working Capital Loan. 

Emerging Growth
Company 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not
have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards.
The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply
to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition
period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we,
as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. 

Net Income (Loss)
Per Share of Common Stock 

We
comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share . We have two classes of shares,
which are referred to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes
of shares. Net income (loss) per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
outstanding during the period. 

The
calculation of diluted income (loss) per share does not consider the effect of the public warrants issued in connection with the initial
public offering and the sale of the placement warrants, because the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future
events. 

27 

The
following table reflects the calculation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per share: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Class A 
 Class B 
 
 Basic and diluted net income per share 

Numerator: 

Allocation of net income, as adjusted 
 7,529,535 
 1,857,203 
 57,162 
 15,670 
 
 Less: Accretion allocated based on ownership percentage 
 (3,343,665 
 (824,734 
 (28,847 
 (7,908 
 
 Plus: Accretion applicable to Class A redeemable shares 
 4,168,399 
 - 
 36,755 

Income by class 
 8,354,269 
 1,032,469 
 65,070 
 7,762 
 
 Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 41,961,331 
 10,350,000 
 37,756,096 
 10,350,000 
 
 Basic and diluted net income per share 
 0.201 
 0.10 
 - 
 - 

Fair Value of Financial
Instruments 

The
fair value of our assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures, approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet primarily due to their short term nature. 

Income Taxes 

We
account for income taxes under FASB ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ). ASC 740 requires the recognition
of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets
and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally
requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not
be realized. 

ASC
740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes
a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected
to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities. We recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were
no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022. We are currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant
payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

Shares Subject
to Possible Redemption 

We
account for our common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and is measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the
control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary
equity. At all other times, common stock are classified as stockholders equity. Our common stock feature certain redemption rights
that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022
and 2021, shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of
our balance sheets. 

Factors That May Adversely
Affect our Results of Operations 

Our
results of operations and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could
cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted
by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in
interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic,
including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. We cannot
at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they
may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this Item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Reference is made to pages
F-1 through F-24 comprising a portion of this Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

28 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL
PARTNERS III, INC. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders, Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 

Thunder Bridge Capital Partners III, Inc. 

Opinion on the financial statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Thunder Bridge Capital
Partners III, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations,
changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Going concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s working capital
deficit and dependency on a completion of a business combination raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL
PARTNERS III, INC. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Other assets: 

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 
 
 -

Warrant liability 

Promissory note payable - related party, at fair value 
 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total liabilities 

Commitments 

Shares subject to possible redemption, and , at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, at redemption value 

Stockholders Equity (Deficit): 

Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized; none outstanding 
 -
 
 -

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption), at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid in capital 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 

See accompanying notes
to the financial statements. 

F- 3 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL
PARTNERS III, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Formation costs and other operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest income 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 -

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding Class A common stock 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock

-

Weighted average shares outstanding Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B common stock

-

See accompanying notes
to the financial statements. 

F- 4 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL
PARTNERS III, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity (Deficit) 

Balance - December 31, 2020 
 -
 
 -

Sale of Units, net of underwriters discount, offering costs and warrant liabilities 

-
 
 -

-

Common Stock subject to redemption 

-
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2021 

-

Common Stock subject to redemption 

-
 
 -

Common Stock redeemed 

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2022 

-

See accompanying notes
to the financial statements. 

F- 5 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL
PARTNERS III, INC. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flow from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 
 
 -

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 
 -

Redemption of cash from Trust Account 
 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 
 -

Payment of deferred offering costs 
 -

Proceeds from promissory note - related party 

Repayment of promissory note - related party 

Redemption of Class A common stock 
 
 -

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at the beginning of the period 

Cash at the end of the period 

See accompanying notes
to the financial statements. 

F- 6 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL
PARTNERS III, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units Units and, with respect to the Class
A common stock included in the Units offered, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described
in Note 3. 

private placement units (the
 Private Placement Units at a price of per unit in a private placement to TBCP III, LLC (the Sponsor ),
generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. The Private Placement Units consist of one share of the Company s
Class A common stock, par value (the Private Placement Shares ), and one-fifth of one redeemable warrant (the Private
Placement Warrants ). Each whole Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at
an exercise price of per whole share. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds
of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Units was placed in a trust account Trust Account which may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company
that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act,
as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust
Account, as described below. 

consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees
(see Note 6) and of other costs. Of the transaction costs, associated with the issuance of warrants that have
been classified as a liability have been expensed during the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, at the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, of cash was held outside of the Trust Account and was available for working capital purposes. 

of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any deferred
underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing a definitive agreement
to enter a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or
acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. Upon the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, including the proceeds from the sale of the
Private Placement Units, was placed in the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out
as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the
earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the
Company s stockholders, as described below. 

F- 7 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS III, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION
OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (continued) 

either immediately prior to or upon such consummation
of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor
of the Business Combination. 

per share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company
to pay its tax obligations). The per-share amount to be distributed to stockholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the
deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter (as discussed in Note 7). There will be no redemption rights
upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. These shares of Class A common stock
will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance
with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

of the Public Shares sold in the IPO from February 10, 2023 to August 10, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the Board) (the
 Combination Period ). 

F- 8 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS III, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION
OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (continued) 

Therefore, the Company cannot assure its stockholders that the Sponsor
would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by
third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. The Company will seek to reduce the
possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service
providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to the Founder Shares (as defined below), Private Placement Shares or the Private Placement Warrants, which
will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

. Through December 31, 2022, the Company has borrowed 
under the Promissory Note. 

F- 9 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL
PARTNERS III, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION
OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS (continued) 

, including approximately in its operating bank account. 

and amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Loan (Note 5). 

F- 10 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS III, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

F- 11 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS III, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

were recognized, of which was allocated to the warrants
and immediately expensed included in formation costs and other operating expenses in the Statements of Operations, and was
allocated to Class A common stock, reducing the carrying amount of such shares. 

F- 12 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL
PARTNERS III, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Net Income Per Share
of Common Stock (continued) 

Less: Accretion allocated based on ownership percentage 

Plus: Accretion applicable to Class A redeemable shares 

Income by class 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average common stock outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per share

-
 
 -

F- 13 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS III, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

. The Company has not experienced losses
on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

shares of the Company s Class A common stock (the Redeeming
Stockholders properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash. 

per share and, on January 11, 2023, CST made an additional redemption
payment (the Additional Payment to the Redeeming Stockholders at a rate of per share, for a total redemption
payment per share of . It was later determined that the Company did not withdraw all of the interest from the Trust Account
that it was allowed to withdraw to cover income and franchise taxes and, therefore, the Additional Payment should have been 
per share, for a total redemption payment of per share. This meant that the Redeeming Stockholders were overpaid in the amount
of per share (the Overpayment Amount ). The Redeeming Stockholders are in the process of being notified
of this situation and are being instructed to return the Overpayment Amount to CST. To date, the Company has recovered substantially all of the Overpayment Amount. 

F- 14 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL
PARTNERS III, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists
of one share of the Company s Class A common stock, par value, and one fifth of one redeemable warrant Public
Warrant ). 

Private Placement Units at a price of per
unit for an aggregate purchase price of . 

shares of Class B common stock (the Founder Shares to the Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of . In February 2021, we effected a stock dividend of shares for
each Founder Share outstanding, resulting in our sponsor holding an aggregate number of Founder Shares. The Founder
Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriter s
over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor will collectively own, on an as-converted basis, 
of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor does not purchase any Public
Shares in the Initial Public Offering). 

to cover expenses related to the Initial Public
Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing and was payable on the earlier of March
31, 2021 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. On March 3, 2021, the outstanding under the Note was repaid in
full. 

of notes may be converted upon consummation
of a Business Combination into units at a price of per unit. The units will be identical to the Private Placement Units. In the
event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the
Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. On March 25, 2022,
the Company executed a promissory note with respect to the Working Capital Loan for the Sponsor to loan funds to the Company up to 
(the Promissory Note ). At December 31, 2022 there was outstanding under the Promissory Note. 

F- 15 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS III, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued) 

Related
Party Loans (continued) 

, with changes in fair value recorded to the statements of operations. For the year ended December
31, 2022, there were no changes in fair value recorded to the statements of operations. 

per month for office space, utilities,
and secretarial and administrative support. The Company had incurred and paid and for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

for advisory
services related to its search for and consummation of its Initial Business Combination. The Company had incurred and paid and
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

units at a price of per unit for an aggregate purchase
price of as part of our Initial Public Offering. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments at the
Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions, which was exercised on February 10, 2021. 

of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or .
In addition, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of three and half percent of the gross proceeds of
the Initial Public Offering, or . The deferred fee was placed in the Trust Account and will be paid in cash upon the closing
of a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

F- 16 

THUNDER BRIDGE
CAPITAL PARTNERS III, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

from the consummation of a Business
Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 17 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL
PARTNERS III, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7. WARRANT LIABILITY
(continued) 

F- 18 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL
PARTNERS III, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 7. WARRANT LIABILITY
(continued) 

as described above). If the private placement warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted
transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the
Public Warrants. 

whole
public warrants and private placement warrants outstanding with a fair value of and , respectively. 

warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the private
placement warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet
the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a derivative liability. The warrant agreement contains
an Alternative Issuance provision that if less than of the consideration receivable by the holders of the Class A common stock
in the Business Combination is payable in the form of common equity in the successor entity, and if the holders of the warrants properly
exercises the warrants within thirty days following the public disclosure of the consummation of Business Combination by the Company,
the warrant price shall be reduced by an amount equal to the difference (but in no event less than zero) of (i) the warrant price in effect
prior to such reduction minus (ii) (A) the Per Share Consideration (as defined below) minus (B) the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined
below). The Black-Scholes Warrant Value means the value of a Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of the Business
Combination based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Model for a Capped American Call on Bloomberg Financial Markets. Per Share Consideration 
means (i) if the consideration paid to holders of the common stock consists exclusively of cash, the amount of such cash per common stock,
and (ii) in all other cases, the volume weighted average price of the common stock as reported during the ten-trading day period ending
on the trading day prior to the effective date of the Business Combination. 

F- 19 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL
PARTNERS III, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of par value preferred stock. At
December 31, 2021 and 2020, there were no preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A, par
value common stock. Holders of the Company s Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31,
2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding (excluding and Class
A shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively). 

shares of Class B, par
value common stock. Holders of the Company s Class B common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. On February
4, 2021, At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B
common stock issued and outstanding. 

Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B common stock into
an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. 

F- 20 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL
PARTNERS III, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 9. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS (continued) 

Liabilities: 

Public Warrants (1) 
 1 

Private Placement Warrants (1) 
 2 

F- 21 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL
PARTNERS III, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 9. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS (continued) 

Initial Measurement
(continued) 

Expected term (years) 

Expected Volatility 

Exercise Price 

Stock price 

year yield the yield on the U.S. Treasury notes as of the Valuation Date that matched the time period to DeSPAC as of each Valuation Date. 

redemption value by the start of the exercise period for the Warrants resulted in a nominal difference in value between the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants across the valuation dates utilized in the Monte Carlo simulation model. 

F- 22 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL
PARTNERS III, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 9. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS (continued) 

Subsequent Measurement (continued) 

Expected term (years) 

Expected term to de-SPAC (years) 

Expected Volatility 

Exercise Price 

Stock price 

million
and million, respectively. 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions (1) 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions (1) 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

F- 23 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL
PARTNERS III, INC. 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 9. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS (continued) 

Subsequent Measurement (continued) 

Change in fair value 
 -

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

Net operating loss carryover 
 -

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 
 -
 
 -

-

State: 

Current 
 - 
 -

Income tax provision 
 
 -

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Change in valuation allowance 

Effective Tax Rate 

and in net operating loss carryovers
at 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

from 2021 to 2022. 

F- 24 

Item 9. Changes in and
Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act.
Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of
the period covered by this Report. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and
those criteria, management determined that we did maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Report does not include an attestation report of our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our
status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

29 

PART III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Directors and Executive
Officers 

As of the date of this Report,
our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Gary A. Simanson 
 
 62 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 William A. Houlihan 
 
 67 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 David E. Mangum 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Mary Anne Gillespie 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Robert Hartheimer 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Stewart J. Paperin 
 
 75 
 
 Director 
 
 Allerd D. Stikker 
 
 60 
 
 Director 

The experience of our directors
and executive officers is as follows: 

Gary A. Simanson has
been our President, Chief Executive Officer and Director since our inception. Mr. Simanson is founder of Thunder Bridge Capital,
LLC and has served as its Chief Executive Officer since 2017. In addition to serving in that capacity, Mr. Simanson serves as head
of its Investment Committee, Credit Committee, Enterprise Risk Committee, Loan Review and other executive committees and is responsible
for sourcing and establishing strategic loan asset purchase relationships and equity opportunities within the financial services and
FinTech industries. Since 2020 he has been an executive officer and director of Thunder Bridge Capital Partners III Inc. From 2019 until
2021, he was an executive officer and director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition II, Ltd. (NASDAQ: THBR). From 2018 to 2019 he was an
officer and director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition, Ltd. (NASDAQ: TBRG), a blank check company which in July 2019 consummated its
initial business combination with Hawk Parent Holdings, LLC, or Repay, an omnichannel payments technology provider. From 2015 through
June 2017, Mr. Simanson founded and managed Endeavor Capital Management, L.L.C., Endeavor Capital Advisors, L.L.C., Endeavor
Capital Fund, LP, and Endeavor Equity Fund, LP (collectively, Endeavor ), targeting debt and equity investments in the marketplace
lending industry. Prior to founding Endeavor, Mr. Simanson served as an advisor and then as a Director, President and Chief Executive
Officer of First Avenue National Bank from 2013 to 2015, restructuring its balance sheet, lending practices, underwriting procedures,
special credits, ALCO, corporate governance, enterprise risk, IT, retail delivery, and achieving strong regulatory results. He has been
Managing Director of First Capital Group, L.L.C., an investment banking advisory firm specializing in the financial industry and bank
mergers and acquisitions, strategic planning, capital raising and enterprise risk management from 1997 to the present. In such capacity,
Mr. Simanson has both initiated and advised on bank mergers and acquisitions, capital raising transactions, enterprise risks and
strategic initiatives around the country and has spoken nationally and internationally on enterprise risk, bank mergers and acquisitions,
and also on the emerging marketplace lending and global FinTech industry, including the uses of blockchain for international asset selection
and verification and income stream allocation and treasury management. Mr. Simanson previously served as the financial expert for
the Audit Committee and as a member of the board of directors of First Guaranty Bancshares, Inc., with 1.4 billion in assets, and
its wholly-owned subsidiary First Guaranty Bank; and as a Senior Advisor to the Chairman of Alpine Capital Bank and its related
companies, operating in the commercial banking, investment advisory, merchant banking and portfolio investment areas. He was Founder,
Vice Chairman and Chief Strategic Officer of Community Bankers Trust Corporation, a 1.2 billion in assets bank holding company
for Essex Bank (NASDAQ NMS ESXB and previously served as its President, Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer, and
as a Director since its inception in 2005 to 2011, overseeing its public offering in 2006 as a special purpose acquisition company, Community
Bankers Acquisition Corp, its bank acquisitions and shareholder reformulation in 2008, and its failed bank acquisitions from the FDIC
in 2008 and 2009. In addition to serving as managing director of First Capital Group, Mr. Simanson also served as Senior Vice President
concentrating in bank mergers and acquisitions and capital markets with FTN Financial Capital Markets, a wholly owned investment banking
and financial services subsidiary of First Horizon National Corporation (NYSE: FHS) from 1998 to 1999. From 1992 to 1995, Mr. Simanson
was Associate General Counsel at Union Planters Corporation, then a NYSE-traded bank holding company (presently Regions Financial
Corporation (NYSE: RF)), where his duties included the negotiation and preparation of all bank merger and acquisition transaction documents,
transaction due diligence, member of integration committee, preparation of all regulatory filings, registration statements and other
securities filings and other bank regulatory matters. From 1989 to 1992, he was a practicing attorney, beginning his career with Milbank,
Tweed, Hadley McCloy, LLP, specializing in the securities, bank regulatory and bank merger and acquisition areas. Mr. Simanson
is licensed to practice law in the states of New York and Colorado. Mr. Simanson received his B.A. degree, majoring in Economics,
from George Washington University. He earned his M.B.A., majoring in Finance, from George Washington University and holds a J.D. from
Vanderbilt University. We believe that Mr. Simanson is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to
his extensive banking, financial and advisory experience. 

30 

William A. Houlihan has
been our Chief Financial Officer since inception. From 2019 until 2021, he was an executive officer of Thunder Bridge Acquisition II,
Ltd. (NASDAQ: THBR), a blank check company which in June 2021 consummated a business combination with indie Semiconductor, an automotive
technology Company, with the combined companies now operating as Indie Semiconductor (NASDAQ:INDI). Since 2020 he has been an executive
officer of Thunder Bridge Capital Partners IV Inc. (NASDAQ:THCP), a blank check company. From 2018 to 2019 he was an officer of Thunder
Bridge Acquisition, Ltd. (NASDAQ: TBRG), a blank check company which in July 2019 consummated a business combination with Hawk Parent
Holdings, LLC, or Repay, an omnichannel payments technology provider, with the combine companies now operation as Repay Holdings (NASDAQ:RPAY).
He has served since 2012 as a director and audit committee chairman for MAXEX, LLC, a privately-owned residential mortgage loan trading
business. He has served since 2009 as a director and financial expert on the audit committee of Avem Health Partners, previously known
as First Physicians Capital Group, or FPCG, a privately-owned health care investment company, which was registered with the SEC prior
to completion of a going-private transaction in 2015, from 2013 to 2014 as non-executive chairman of its board of directors
and since 2013 as the chairman of its audit committee. Since 2013 he has served as a director and Audit Committee Chairman of Lument Finance
Trust (NYSE: LFT), a mortgage REIT. From 2021 to 2022, he served as a director of Angel Pond Holdings Corporation (NYSE: POND), a blank
check company, which in December 2022 consummated a business combination with MariaDB, a cloud database company, with the combined companies
now operating as MariaDB (NYSE:MRDB). He served from 2013 to 2015 as lead independent director and chairman of the audit committee of
Tiptree, Inc. (NASDAQ:TIPT), or Tiptree, a financial services holding company; and from 2010 to 2013 as lead independent director and
chairman of the audit committee for Care Investment Trust (OTCQX: CVTR), a healthcare REIT which merged with Tiptree in 2013. From 2003
to 2010, he was a director of SNL Financial, a privately owned financial information company, and in addition, from 1998 to 2012 he was
a director and shareholder of a family-owned commercial real estate investment partnership. He served from 2013 to 2014 as the chief
financial officer for Amalgamated Bank, a privately owned bank. From 2001 through 2008, Mr. Houlihan was a private investor while
he served as transitional Chief Financial Officer for several distressed financial services companies: Sixth Gear, Inc. from 2007 to 2008;
Sedgwick Claims Management Services from 2006 until 2007; Metris Companies from 2004 to 2006; and Hudson United Bancorp from 2001
to 2003. From 1981 until 2000, and for short-term periods in 2004 and 2007, Mr. Houlihan worked for a number of investment
banking companies, which were Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS), Bear Stearns, Keefe Bruyette Woods, J.P. Morgan (NYSE:JPM) and UBS (NYSE:UBS).
He also held several auditing and accounting positions from 1977 through 1981. In addition he was licensed as a Certified Public Accountant,
but his license is currently inactive. From 2017 to 2021, he was an adjunct professor for the Feliciano School of Business at Montclair
State University. On March 13, 2015, Mr. Houlihan settled an administrative proceeding brought by the SEC regarding his alleged
failure to file on a timely basis required Schedule 13D amendments and Section 16(a) reports relating to his beneficial ownership
of securities of FPCG. Mr. Houlihan is a member of the board of directors of FPCG and a greater than 10 beneficial owner of FPCG
securities. In the settlement, Mr. Houlihan did not admit or deny the SEC s allegations, consented to the entry of a cease
and desist order requiring him not to cause any violation of Sections 13(d)(2) and 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, or the Exchange Act, and agreed to pay a civil penalty of 15,000 to the SEC. Mr. Houlihan received a B.S., magna cum
laude, in Accounting from Manhattan College and received his M.B.A. in Finance from New York University Graduate School of Business. 

David
E. Mangum has served as one of our directors since February 2021. Since 2019 he has been a director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition
II, Ltd. (NASDAQ: THBR). From 2014 until September 2018, he was President and Chief Operating Officer of Global Payments, Inc., (NYSE:GPN),
a global payment technology and software company. During this time, he helped lead the transformation of the company from a payment processor
to a technology services and software company; prior to this he served in increasingly senior roles at Global Payments, including as Senior
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2011 to 2014 and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2008
to 2011. Before this, from 2007 to 2008, he served as Executive Vice President, Fiserv Corp. (NASDAQ:FISV), a financial services technology
provider which acquired CheckFree Corporation, provider of financial electronic commerce solutions in 2007. During this time, Mr. Mangum
co-led the strategic integration process of CheckFree Corporation into Fiserv Corp. Prior to this acquisition, Mr. Mangum had
been Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer or CheckFree Corporation (NASDAQ:CKFR) from 2000 to 2007 and its Senior Vice
President, Finance and Accounting, from 1999 to 2000. There, he helped direct finance and administrative activities including M A,
investor relations, internal audit and enterprise risk management. Mr. Mangum received his B.A. from Carleton College. We believe
that Mr. Mangum is well-qualified to serve on our board because he brings to it his extensive experience in the financial services
industry as well as broad operational and public company experience. 

Mary
Anne Gillespie has served as one of our directors since February 2021. Ms. Gillespie has been the Executive Vice President
of Sales/Product Marketing at EIS Group, a provider of digital-ready, customer-centered core insurance systems, since 2015. Since
2019 she has been a director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition II, Ltd. (NASDAQ: THBR). From 2018 to 2019 she was an officer, and then a director,
of Thunder Bridge Acquisition, Ltd. (NASDAQ: TBRG), a blank check company which in July 2019 consummated its initial business combination
with Hawk Parent Holdings, LLC, or Repay, an omnichannel payments technology provider. She has 36 years of multichannel customer
engagement experience. She has executed sales strategies and market growth in national and global territories for companies ranging from
start-up to 9 billion in revenue across a broad range of industries. Ms. Gillespie previously served as Executive Vice
President at TAS Group, a provider of software solutions for electronic money, payment systems, capital markets and ERP, from 2011 to
2012 and Vice President of Merchant Sales at PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) from 2007 to 2009. Prior to those positions, she was Vice President
of Sales at Guidewire Software, a software publisher, from 2005 to 2007. Earlier, she worked in several roles at Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL)
leading to Senior Vice President of Sales. Ms. Gillespie received an M.B.A. degree from the University of New Hampshire and a B.A.
degree from Saint Mary s College in Notre Dame, Indiana. We believe that Ms. Gillespie is well-qualified to serve on our
board because she brings to it her extensive experience sales, marketing and customer engagement. 

31 

Robert H.
Hartheimer has served as one of our directors since February 2021 and is chairman of our audit committee. Mr. Hartheimer is
also a director of Thunder Bridge Capital Partners IV Inc. (NASDAQ: TPCPU). Mr. Hartheimer served as a director of Thunder Bridge
Acquisition II, Ltd. (NASDAQ: THBR) from 2019 until it consummated its initial business combination with Indi Semiconductor (NASDAQ:
INDI) in 2021. From 2018 until 2019 he was a director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition Ltd. (NASDAQ: TPRG), a blank check company
(SPAC) which in July 2019 consummated its initial business combination with Hawk Parent Holdings, LLC, or Repay, an omnichannel
payments technology provider. Upon such consummation Mr. Hartheimer remained with the combined company, Repay Holdings Corporation
(NASDAQ: RPAY), as a director and chairman of Repay s audit committee. In addition to Mr. Hartheimer s service as a
director of the two Thunder Bridge SPACs and Repay, he is an independent director of CardWorks, a consumer lender and servicer,
since 2017. Mr. Hartheimer is chairman of the audit committees of each of these four companies and chair of CardWorks 
compliance/risk committee. Mr. Hartheimer has been a director of ten U.S. companies in the last 26 years; six public companies, two
private and two subsidiaries of public companies. These include three banks, one consumer lender and credit card servicer, two
payments companies, two SPACs which successfully acquired businesses, two SPACs in search of an acquisition and one investment
management business. In addition to his current role as chairman of four audit committees and one compliance/risk committee, he
chaired audit Committees at three past companies and chaired compliance/risk committees at two companies. Mr. Hartheimer has been a
financial services and bank regulatory consultant for the past 21 years currently with both his own firm and the Klaros Group as a
Senior Advisor. In the past Mr. Hartheimer was a Managing Director at Promontory Financial Group. In 2016 Mr. Hartheimer founded,
along with three co-founders, Jasper, a U.S. based credit card issuer and he served various roles including Chief Regulatory and
Compliance Officer until 2022. In 1991, Mr. Hartheimer joined the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, where he and a small team
created the Division of Resolutions to analyze and sell failed banks. He went on to serve as the Director of that division and was
responsible for the sale of 200 banks in four years. Mr. Hartheimer s other past positions include over 14 years in senior
roles at investment banks, including Merrill Lynch, Smith Barney and Friedman Billings Ramsey. We believe that Mr. Hartheimer is
well-qualified to serve on our board because he brings to it his extensive experience in the financial services industry, the bank
regulatory community and investment banking. 

Stewart
J. Paperin has served as one of our directors since February 2021. Since 2019 he has been a director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition
II, Ltd. (NASDAQ: THBR). From 2018 to 2019 he was a director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition, Ltd. (NASDAQ: TBRG), a blank check company
which in July 2019 consummated its initial business combination with Hawk Parent Holdings, LLC, or Repay, an omnichannel payments
technology provider. Mr. Paperin currently serves as the managing member of Leopard Rock Property Group, a real property development
and investment firm located in Los Angeles and San Diego, California. Mr. Paperin served as Executive Vice President of the Soros
Foundation, a worldwide private philanthropic foundation, from 1996 to 2013, where he oversaw financial, administrative and economic development
activities. From 1996 to 2005, Mr. Paperin served as a Senior Advisor and portfolio manager for Soros Fund Management LLC, a financial
services company, and from 2005 to 2014, he served as a consultant to Soros Fund Management LLC. From 1996 to 2007, Mr. Paperin served
as a Director of Penn Octane Corporation (NASDAQ: POCC), a company engaged in the purchase, transportation and sale of liquefied petroleum
gas. Prior to joining the Soros organizations, Mr. Paperin served as President of Brooke Group International, an investment firm
concentrated on the former Soviet Union, from 1990 to 1993, and as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Western Union
Corporation, a provider of money transfer and message services, which was controlled by Brooke Group, from 1988 to 1990. Prior to Western
Union Corporation, Mr. Paperin served as Chief Financial Officer of Timeplex Corporation, a telecommunications equipment provider,
from 1986 to 1988 and of Datapoint Corporation, a computer equipment manufacturer, from 1985 to 1986. Prior to Datapoint Corporation,
Mr. Paperin served as a financial officer of Pepsico Corporation (NYSE: PEP) from 1980 to 1985 and as a management consultant at
Cresap McCormick Paget from 1975 to 1980. Mr. Paperin has been a director of ARMOUR REIT since 2009. Mr. Paperin
served as a member of Enterprise s board of directors, ARMOUR s predecessor from its inception in 2007 to its merger with
ARMOUR in 2009. Mr. Paperin was also a director of JAVELIN from 2012 until the merger in 2016. Mr. Paperin also served as a
member of the board of directors of Community Bankers Acquisition Corp., a blank check company formed to acquire an operating business
in the banking industry (NYSE MKT LLC: BTC). In May 2016, Mr. Paperin was named as a defendant in his capacity as a former director
of JAVELIN, together with all other directors, in a consolidated class action filed in the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland,
alleging, among other claims, breaches of fiduciary duty, aiding and abetting breaches of fiduciary duty and waste in connection with
JAVELIN s merger with ARMOUR and related transactions (the JAVELIN Transactions ). The plaintiffs in the case were
seeking equitable relief, including, among other relief, to enjoin consummation of the JAVELIN Transactions, or rescind or unwind the
JAVELIN Transactions if already consummated, and award costs and disbursements, including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses.
On June 27, 2016, the defendants in the case filed a motion to dismiss the complaint for failing to state a claim upon which relief
can be granted. A hearing was held on the motion on March 3, 2017. In the two year period since the hearing date, the court has not
issued an order on the motion to dismiss. Mr. Paperin holds an M.S. in Management, and a B.A. in Economics Management from the State
University of New York at Binghamton, and was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Humane Letters by the State University of New York.
We believe that Mr. Paperin is well-qualified to serve on our board because he brings to it his extensive experience in the
financial services industry, the bank regulatory community and investment banking. 

Allerd
D. Stikker has served as one of our directors since February 2021. Since 2019 he has been a director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition
II, Ltd. (NASDAQ: THBR). From 2018 to 2019 he was a director of Thunder Bridge Acquisition, Ltd. (NASDAQ: TBRG), a blank check company
which in July 2019 consummated its initial business combination with Hawk Parent Holdings, LLC, or Repay, an omnichannel payments
technology provider. Mr. Stikker started his career as a banking consultant in the United States. After moving back to Europe,
he became active within the oil and gas sector and was subsequently employed in the financial services sector as Chief Financial Officer
for IMC B.V. After a sabbatical period, he joined the BXR Group, an international private investment group, in 2008 as Chief Financial
Officer with responsibility for its real estate division and served as Chief Operating Officer of BXR Group from 2011 until 2014.
He was Chief Executive Officer of BXR Group from 2014 until 2018. Currently Mr. Stikker serves as advisor to BXR Group. During
his tenure at BXR, Mr. Stikker served on numerous boards and in many occasions as chairman, such as Green Gas International, a methane
processor, Advanced World Transport, a railway transporter in Eastern Europe, Tower Group A/S, a real estate investor in the German residential
market and BXR Group BV, the entity within BXR that makes all major decisions. Mr. Stikker has an M.B.A. and a B.A. in Business Administration
from George Washington University. We believe that Mr. Stikker is well-qualified to serve on our board due to his extensive
experience in the financial services industry, the bank regulatory community and investment banking. 

32 

Advisors 

Peter
 Pete J. Kight has served as a senior special advisor to the Company since February 2021. Since 2019 he has
been a senior special advisor of Thunder Bridge Acquisition II, Ltd. (NASDAQ: THBR). From 2018 to 2019 he was a director of Thunder Bridge
Acquisition, Ltd. (NASDAQ: TBRG), a blank check company which in July 2019 consummated its initial business combination with Hawk
Parent Holdings, LLC, or Repay, an omnichannel payments technology provider; upon such consummation, Mr. Kight remained with the
combined company, Repay Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ:RPAY) as chairman of the board of directors. Mr. Kight has 34 years of
industry experience. He has been an Angel Investor and Advisor to Commerce Ventures, a Silicon Valley based venture capital firm focused
on investing in innovations in the retail and financial services industries, since 2012. Mr. Kight previously served as a Co-Chairman and
Managing Partner at Comvest Partners, a mid-market private investment firm, from 2010 2013, and then as a Senior Advisor
at Comvest Partners from 2013 to 2015. He was the Founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer of CheckFree Corporation (NASDAQ: CKFR),
a provider of financial services technology, from 1981 until it was acquired by Fiserv (NASDAQ: FISV) in 2007. Mr. Kight then served
as director and vice chairman of Fiserv following Fiserv s acquisition of CheckFree from 2007 to 2012 (Vice chairman from 2007 to
2010). Mr. Kight joined the board of directors of Blackbaud (NASDAQ: BLKB), a supplier of software and services specifically designed
for nonprofit organizations, in 2014. Mr. Kight has served on the board of directors of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (NASDAQ:
HBAN), a regional bank holding company, since 2012. Mr. Kight previously served on the boards of directors of Akamai Technologies,
Inc. (NASDAQ GS: AKAM), distributor of computing solutions and services, from 2004 to 2012, Manhattan Associates, Inc., (NASDAQ: MANH)
a provider of supply chain planning and execution solutions, from 2007 to 2011 and Kabbage, Inc., a technology-driven SME lending
company, from 2015 to November 2017. Mr. Kight is also a member of the board of directors Urjanet, Inc., a data analytics company
focused primarily on energy, utility, and financial transaction data, from 2016 to present. Mr. Kight is also a member of the board
of directors of Bill.com (NYSE:BILL), a financial process automation company, from 2019 to present. From 2015 until 2018, he was
a member of the board of directors of Insightpool, LLC, a marketing data analytics business focused on earned influence marketing analytics.
He holds more than a dozen patents and publications for electronic banking and payment systems. 

JSOV has served
as a special advisor to the Company since February 2021. JSOV is an affiliate of Jacobs Asset Management JAM ), a registered
investment advisor controlled by Seymour Sy Jacobs. Sy Jacobs is the founding and managing member of JAM, the management
company of a hedge fund and private investment vehicles. Prior to founding JAM in 1995, Mr. Jacobs spent 12 years as a research
analyst covering specialty financial services and bank stocks at Alex. Brown and Sons, Mabon Nugent, L.F. Rothschild and Co., and Salomon
Brothers, Inc. He earned his Bachelor of Arts, magna cum laude, from the University of Michigan and his MBA at New York University. Mr. Jacobs
also serves as Chairman Emeritus of Venture for America, a non-profit whose mission is to revitalize American cities and communities
through entrepreneurship. 

Our
senior special advisor and special advisor (i) assist us in sourcing and negotiating with potential business combination targets,
(ii) provide business insights when we assess potential business combination targets and (iii) upon our request, provide business
insights as we work to create additional value in the businesses that we acquire. In this regard, he will fulfill some of the same functions
as our board members. Additionally, aside from payments to an affiliate for advisory services described elsewhere in this Report, our
senior special advisor has no employment or compensation arrangements with us. Moreover, our senior special advisor and our special advisor
are not be under any fiduciary obligations to us nor will they perform board or committee functions, nor will they have any voting or
decision-making capacity on our behalf. They will also not be required to devote any specific amount of time to our efforts or be
subject to the fiduciary requirements to which our board members are subject. Accordingly, if our senior special advisor or special advisor
becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the entities to which they have fiduciary or contractual
obligations, they will honor their fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity,
and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We may modify or expand our roster of advisors as we source potential
business combination targets or create value in businesses that we may acquire. 

33 

Number and Terms of
Office of Officers and Directors 

We currently have six (6) directors. Holders of our founder shares
have the right to elect all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination and holders of our public shares
do not have the right to vote for the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation may only be amended if approved by at least 90 of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting. Our board of directors
is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving a three-year term.
The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Paperin and Ms. Gillespie will expire at our fourth annual
meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Stikker and Mangum, will expire at
the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Simanson and Hartheimer,
will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our
bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President,
Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Committees of the
Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a
limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised
solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors. 

Audit Committee 

We
have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Hartheimer, Stikker and Paperin serve as members of our audit committee,
and Mr. Hartheimer chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have
at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Hartheimer, Stikker and Paperin meet the
independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Hartheimer qualifies as
an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

34 

Compensation Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Mr. Mangum and Ms. Gillespie serve as members of our compensation
committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation
committee, all of whom must be independent. Mr. Mangum and Ms. Gillespie are independent and Ms. Gillespie chairs the compensation
committee. 

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, other than (x) the monthly payments of (i) 10,000 to an affiliate of our sponsor, for office space,
administrative and support services and (ii) of 20,000 to an affiliate of our Chief Executive Officer for advisory services related to
our search for and consummation of our initial business combination, and (y) reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including
finders, consulting or other similar fees, has been or will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors, senior special
advisor or special advisor or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the
consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination,
the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into
in connection with such initial business combination. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required
to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend
a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily
carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Ms. Gillespie and Messrs. Hartheimer,
Paperin, Stikker and Mangum. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no
standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

Prior
to our initial business combination, the board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by holders
of our founder shares during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at an annual meeting of stockholders
(or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not
have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders. 

35 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities
to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities.
These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of
all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations
from certain reporting persons, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022, all reports applicable to our executive officers,
directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner in accordance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, except
as set forth below: 

Mr. Paperin did not timely
file a Form 3. 

Code of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our
audit and compensation committee charters as exhibits to the Registration Statement. You can review these documents by accessing our public
filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge
upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report
on Form 8-K. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Other
than the monthly payments of (i) 10,000 to an affiliate of our sponsor, for office space, administrative and support services and (ii)
of 20,000 to an affiliate of our Chief Executive Officer for advisory services related to our search for and consummation of our initial
business combination, none of our executive officers or directors has received any cash (or non-cash) compensation for services rendered
to us. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, have been and will be reimbursed for any
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing
due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our independent directors review on a quarterly basis all payments that are made to our
sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting,
management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known,
in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will
be responsible for determining executive and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined by
our compensation committee. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements
with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2023 based on information
obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

36 

In the table below, percentage
ownership is based on 12,450,741 shares of our common stock, consisting of (i) 2,100,741 shares of our Class A common stock and (ii) 10,350,000
shares of our Class B common stock, issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon, except for the election
of directors of the board, holders of the shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock vote together as a single
class, unless otherwise required under applicable law. Currently, all of the shares of Class B common stock are convertible into Class
A common stock on a one-for-one basis. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the placement warrants as these warrants are not
exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Approximate Percentage 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 TBCP III, LLC (our sponsor)(2) 
 1,003,000 
 47.7 
 10,350,000 
 100 
 91.2 
 
 Gary A. Simanson (2) 
 1,103,000 
 52.5 
 10,350,000 
 100 
 92.0 
 
 William A. Houlihan 

David E. Mangum 

Mary Anne Gillespie 

Robert Hartheimer 

Stewart J. Paperin 

Allerd D. Stikker 

All directors and executive officers as a group (7 individuals) 
 1,103,000 
 52.5 
 10,350,000 
 100 
 92.0 

Other 5 Stockholders 

Millennium Parties (3) 
 1,189,398 
 56.6 

9.6 

less than 1 

1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 9912 Georgetown Pike, Suite D203, Great Falls, Virginia 22066. 

2) 
 Mr. Simanson, our President and Chief Executive Officer, may be deemed to beneficially own shares held by our sponsor by virtue of his control over our sponsor, as its managing member. Mr. Simanson disclaims beneficial ownership of our common stock held by our sponsor other than to the extent of his pecuniary interest in such shares. Each of our officers and directors is a member of our sponsor. 

3) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January 31, 2022, filed by (i) Integrated Core Strategies (US) LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Integrated ), which holds 574,015 shares of Class A common stock, (ii) Integrated Assets, Ltd., a Cayman Islands entity Integrated Assets ), which holds 9,195 shares of Class A common stock, (iii) ICS Opportunities II LLC, a Cayman Islands entity ICS LLC ), which holds 33,188 shares of Class A common stock, (iv) ICS Opportunities, Ltd, a Cayman Islands entity ICS Ltd. ), which holds 573,000 shares of Class A common stock, (v) Millennium International Management LP, a Delaware limited partnership Millennium LP ), which holds 573,000 shares of Class A common stock, (vi) Millennium Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Millennium LLC ), which holds 615,383 shares of Class A common stock, (vii) Millennium Group Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Millennium which holds 1,189,398 shares of Class A common stock and Israel A. Englander, a United States citizen (Mr. Englander, and together with Integrated, Integrated Assets, ICS LLC, ICS Ltd., Millennium LP, Millennium LLC and Millennium, the Millennium Parties ), who holds 1,189,398 shares of Class A common stock. The shares of Class A common stock potentially beneficially owned by Millennium LLC, Millennium LLC and Mr. Englander are held by entities subject to voting control and investment discretion by Millennium LLC and/or other investment managers that may be controlled by Millennium (the managing member of Millennium LLC) and Mr. Englander (the sole voting trustee of the managing member of Millennium). The number of public shares held by the Millennium Parties is reported as of December 31, 2022, which does not reflect any redemption of shares by the Millennium Parties in connection with the Extension or any other transactions after December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the number of public shares and the percentages set forth in the table may not reflect the Millennium Parties current beneficial ownership. The principal business address for the Integrated Parties is c/o Millennium International Management LP 399 Park Avenue New York, New York 10022 . 

37 

Securities Authorized
for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

On
August 26, 2020, we issued an aggregate of 8,625,000 founder shares to the sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000.
In February 2021, we effected a stock dividend of 0.2 shares for each founder share outstanding, resulting in our sponsor holding an aggregate
number of 10,350,000 founder shares. The founder shares included an aggregate of up to 1,350,000 shares subject to forfeiture by
the sponsor to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the sponsor would
collectively own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after our initial public offering. 

In
February 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 1,003,000 placement units at a price of 10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase
price of 10,030,000 simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. Each placement unit is identical to the units offered
in the initial public offering, except there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect
to placement shares or placement warrants, which will expire worthless if we do not consummate a business combination within the Combination
Period. 

In
February 2021, our Chief Executive Officer purchased 100,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of 1,000,000
as part of our initial public offering. 

If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity
to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under
Delaware law. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority
over their duties to us. 

We
have entered into an Administrative Services Agreement with First Capital Group, LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor, pursuant to which we
pay a total of 10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services to such affiliate. Upon completion of our initial
business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

We
have entered into an Advisory Agreement with an affiliate of our Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to which the Company pays a total of
 20,000 per month for advisory services relating to our search for and consummation of an initial business combination. Upon completion
of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, this
affiliate of our Chief Executive Officer is also entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee reviews, on a quarterly basis, all payments that are made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates
and determines which expenses and the amount of expenses that are reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

38 

Prior
to the consummation of our initial public offering, our sponsor loaned us an aggregate of 100,000 to us under an unsecured promissory
note, which was used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering. The loans were fully repaid upon the closing of our
initial public offering. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us Working Capital Loans as may be required.
If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such Working Capital Loans. In the event that the initial business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such Working Capital Loans but no
proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into
units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the placement units issued to the initial
holder. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties
will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

On
March 25, 2022, we executed the Promissory Note, a Working Capital Loan in the form of a promissory note to the sponsor to loan us funds
up to 1,500,000. As of December 31, 2022, we had borrowed 475,000 and had 1,025,000 available to us under the Promissory Note. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from
the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer
or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be
known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

We
have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, placement warrants and warrants issued upon conversion
of working capital loans (if any). 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to GT for services rendered. 

Audit Fees 

Audit fees consist of fees
for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by GT in
connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of GT for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial
statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with
the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately 47,250 and 10,500, respectively. The above amounts include
interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related fees consist
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements
and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation
and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 audit-related
fees paid or payable to GT totaled 225,000 and 0, respectively. 

Tax Fees 

We did not pay GT for tax services,
planning or advice for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

All Other Fees 

We did not pay GT for
other services for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

39 

PART IV 

Item
15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 248) 
 F-2 

Financial
 Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 to F-24 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules
are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in
the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Report. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this
Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits that are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected on the SEC
website at www.sec.gov. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

40 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, by and between the Company and Morgan Stanley Co, LLC (4) 
 
 3.1. 
 
 Bylaws of the Company.(1) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (4) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (3) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and the Company. (4) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of June 12, 2020, issued to TBCP III,LLC (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, directors and TBCP III,LLC (4) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Account Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, by and between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee, and the Company. (4) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, by and among the Company, TBCP III, LLC and the holders party thereto. (4) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated June 12, 2020, by and between the Company and TBCP III, LLC (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Private Placement Unit
 Purchase Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, by and between the Company and TBCP III, LLC (4) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, by and between the Company and First Capital Group, LLC. (4) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Advisory Services Agreement, dated February 4, 2021, by and between the Company and Thunder Bridge Capital, LLC. (4) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Promissory Note, dated as of March 25, 2022, issued to TBCP III, LLC. (5) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics. (2) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter. (2) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter. (2) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline
 XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-252109), filed with the SEC on January 15, 2021. 

(2) 
 Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-252109), filed with the SEC on January 26, 2021. 

(3) 
 Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-252109), filed with the SEC on February 2, 2021. 

(4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 10, 2021. 

(5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on May 12, 2022. 

41 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 31, 2023 
 Thunder Bridge Capital Partners III, Inc. 

By: 
 
 /s/
 Gary A. Simanson 

Name: 
 Gary A. Simanson 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and President Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Gary A. Simanson 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Gary A. Simanson 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ William A. Houlihan 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 William A. Houlihan 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ David E. Mangum 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 David E. Mangum 

/s/ Robert Hartheimer 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Robert Hartheimer 

/s/ Stewart J. Paperin 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Stewart J. Paperin 

/s/ Allerd D. Stikker 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Allerd D. Stikker 

/s/ Mary Anne Gillespie 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Mary Anne Gillespie 

42 

<EX-3.3>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-3_thunder3.htm
 AMENDMENT TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

Exhibit 3.3 

AMENDMENT 
TO THE 
AMENDED AND RESTATED 
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
OF 
THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS III INC. 

Pursuant to Section 242 of the 
Delaware General Corporation Law 

Thunder Bridge Capital Partners
III Inc. (the Corporation ), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware,
does hereby certify as follows: 

1) The name of the Corporation is Thunder Bridge Capital Partners
III Inc. The Corporation s Certificate of Incorporation was filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
on June 12, 2020 (the Original Certificate ). An Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was filed
in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on February 4, 2021 (the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation ). 

2) This Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation amends the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation. 

3) This Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation was duly adopted by the affirmative vote of the holders of 65 of the stock entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders
in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

4) The text of Section 9.1(b) of Article IX is
hereby amended and restated to read in full as follows: 

Immediately after the
Offering, a certain amount of the net offering proceeds received by the Corporation in the Offering (including the proceeds of any exercise
of the underwriters over-allotment option) and certain other amounts specified in the Corporation s registration statement
on Form S-1, as initially filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on January
15, 2021, as amended (the Registration Statement ), shall be deposited in a trust account (the Trust
Account ), established for the benefit of the Public Stockholders (as defined below) pursuant to a trust agreement described
in the Registration Statement. Except for the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), none of the funds held in the Trust Account (including the interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account) will be
released from the Trust Account until the earliest to occur of (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the
redemption of the Offering Shares (as defined below) properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote seeking to amend this Amended
and Restated Certificate (a) to modify the substance or timing of the Corporation s obligation to allow redemption in connection
with the Corporation s initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of such shares if the Corporation has not consummated an initial
Business Combination by August 10, 2023 or such earlier date as may be determined by the Board in its sole discretion (or, if the Office
of Delaware Division of Corporation is not open for a full business day (including filing of corporate documents) on such date the next
date upon which the Office of the Delaware Division of Corporations shall be open for a full business day (the Deadline Date ))
or (b) with respect to any other provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity (as described
in Section 9.7 ), and (iii) the redemption of 100 of the Offering Shares (as defined below) if the Corporation is unable to
complete its initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Offering or by the Deadline Date, as applicable. Holders
of shares of Common Stock included as part of the units sold in the Offering (the Offering Shares (whether
such Offering Shares were purchased in the Offering or in the secondary market following the Offering and whether or not such holders
are the Sponsor or officers or directors of the Corporation, or affiliates of any of the foregoing) are referred to herein as Public
Stockholders. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
Thunder Bridge Capital Partners III Inc. has caused this Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate to be duly executed in
its name and on its behalf by an authorized officer as of this 16 th day of December, 2022. 

THUNDER BRIDGE CAPITAL PARTNERS III INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Gary A. Simanson 

Name: 
 
 Gary A. Simanson 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-3.3>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 f10k2022ex4-5_thunder3.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

As of December 31, 2022, Thunder Bridge Capital
Partners III, Inc. we, our, us or the Company had the following three classes
of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) its
units, consisting of one share of Class A common stock (as defined below) and one fifth of one redeemable warrant (as defined below),
with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock (the units ), (ii) its
Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share Class A common stock ), and (iii) its public warrants, with each whole
warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share (the warrants ). 

Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 222,000,000 shares of common stock, including 200,000,000 shares of Class A
common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated
preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock and does not purport
to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
our amended and restated bylaws and our warrant agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the Report of which this Exhibit 4.5 is a part. 

Defined terms used herein
but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Report. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one share of Class A
common stock and one fifth of one redeemable warrant. Only whole warrants are exercisable. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to
purchase one share of common stock. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise his, her or its warrants only for
a whole number of shares of common stock. 

Common Stock 

Common stockholders of record are entitled to one
vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class A common stock and holders of the Class B
common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, except as required by law.
There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares
voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when,
as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

We will provide our stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
to pay our taxes or for working capital purposes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.00 per public share, now it is 10.128.
Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to any founder shares and placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of
our initial business combination or certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation as described elsewhere
in this prospectus. 

The participation of our sponsor, officers, directors
or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in this prospectus), if any, could result in the approval
of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against
such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will
have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days
(but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall
be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders,
may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder
or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of
the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares of common
stock sold in this offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability
to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our stockholders inability
to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such stockholders
could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders
will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the initial business combination. And, as
a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required
to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available
for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference
over the common stock. 

Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription
rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon
the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described in the Report. 

Redeemable Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder
to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any
time commencing on the later of February 10, 2022 or 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Pursuant
to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. 

The warrants will expire five years after the completion
of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of
Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a
registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then
effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration
or a valid exemption from registration is available including in connection with a cashless exercise. No warrant will be exercisable
and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock
issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence
of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied
with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value
and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not
effective for the exercised warrants (and no valid exemption from registration is available), the purchaser of a unit containing such
warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. 

2 

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but
in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with
the SEC a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, to cause such
registration statement to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain
the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until
the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th business day after the closing of our
initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period
when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance
with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders
will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. 

Redemption of warrants when the price per
share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00. 

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call
the warrants for redemption (except as described herein with respect to the placement warrants): 

in whole and not
 in part; 

at a price of 0.01
 per warrant; 

upon not less than
 30 days prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable
 (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if,
 the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per
 share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
 and the like and certain issuances of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities)
 for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing no earlier than the
 date the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice
 of redemption to the warrant holders (the 30-day Reference Period ). 

If and when the warrants become redeemable by us,
we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable
state securities laws; provided, that we will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue
sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in the initial public offering. 

Redemption of warrants when the price per
share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00. 

Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem
the outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not
 in part; 

at 0.10 per warrant
 upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders
 will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive
 that number of shares of Class A common stock to be determined by reference to the table
 below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A
 common stock, except as otherwise described below; 

if, and only if,
 the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 10.00 per
 share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
 and the like and certain issuances of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities)
 for any 20 trading days within the 30-day Reference Period; and 

unless the last
 reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted
 for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like and certain
 issuances of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities) for any 20 trading days
 within the 30-day Reference Period, the placement warrants are also concurrently redeemed
 at the same price and terms as the outstanding public warrants (provided that the redemption
 may be on a cashless basis). 

3 

Beginning on the date the notice of redemption is
given until the warrants are redeemed or exercised, holders may elect to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The numbers in
the table below represent the number of shares of Class A common stock that a warrant holder will receive upon exercise in connection
with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, based on the fair market value of our Class A common
stock on the corresponding redemption date (assuming holders elect to exercise their warrants and such warrants are not redeemed for
 0.10 per warrant), determined based on the volume-weighted average price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days immediately
following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, and the number of months that the corresponding
redemption date precedes the expiration date of the warrants, each as set forth in the table below. We will provide our warrant holders
with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the 10-trading day period described above ends. 

Pursuant to the warrant agreement, references above
to Class A common stock shall include a security other than Class A common stock into which the Class A common stock has been converted
or exchanged for in the event we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination. The numbers in the table below will
not be adjusted when determining the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued upon exercise of the warrants if we are not
the surviving entity following our initial business combination. 

The stock prices set forth in the column headings
of the table below will be adjusted as of any date on which the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant is adjusted for
anti-dilution. The adjusted stock prices in the column headings will equal the stock prices immediately prior to such adjustment, multiplied
by a fraction, the numerator of which is the exercise price of the warrant after such adjustment and the denominator of which
is the exercise price of the warrant immediately prior to such adjustment. In such an event, the number of shares in the table below
shall be adjusted by multiplying such share amounts by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise
of a warrant immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which is the number of shares deliverable upon exercise of a
warrant as so adjusted. 

Redemption Date 
 (period to expiration of warrants) 
 Fair Market Value of Class A Common
 Stock 

18.00 
 
 60 months 
 0.261 
 0.281 
 0.297 
 0.311 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 57 months 
 0.257 
 0.277 
 0.294 
 0.310 
 0.324 
 0.337 
 0.348 
 0.358 
 0.361 
 
 54 months 
 0.252 
 0.272 
 0.291 
 0.307 
 0.322 
 0.335 
 0.347 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 51 months 
 0.246 
 0.268 
 0.287 
 0.304 
 0.320 
 0.333 
 0.346 
 0.357 
 0.361 
 
 48 months 
 0.241 
 0.263 
 0.283 
 0.301 
 0.317 
 0.332 
 0.344 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 45 months 
 0.235 
 0.258 
 0.279 
 0.298 
 0.315 
 0.330 
 0.343 
 0.356 
 0.361 
 
 42 months 
 0.228 
 0.252 
 0.274 
 0.294 
 0.312 
 0.328 
 0.342 
 0.355 
 0.361 
 
 39 months 
 0.221 
 0.246 
 0.269 
 0.290 
 0.309 
 0.325 
 0.340 
 0.354 
 0.361 
 
 36 months 
 0.213 
 0.239 
 0.263 
 0.285 
 0.305 
 0.323 
 0.339 
 0.353 
 0.361 
 
 33 months 
 0.205 
 0.232 
 0.257 
 0.280 
 0.301 
 0.320 
 0.337 
 0.352 
 0.361 
 
 30 months 
 0.196 
 0.224 
 0.250 
 0.274 
 0.297 
 0.316 
 0.335 
 0.351 
 0.361 
 
 27 months 
 0.185 
 0.214 
 0.242 
 0.268 
 0.291 
 0.313 
 0.332 
 0.350 
 0.361 
 
 24 months 
 0.173 
 0.204 
 0.233 
 0.260 
 0.285 
 0.308 
 0.329 
 0.348 
 0.361 
 
 21 months 
 0.161 
 0.193 
 0.223 
 0.252 
 0.279 
 0.304 
 0.326 
 0.347 
 0.361 
 
 18 months 
 0.146 
 0.179 
 0.211 
 0.242 
 0.271 
 0.298 
 0.322 
 0.345 
 0.361 
 
 15 months 
 0.130 
 0.164 
 0.197 
 0.230 
 0.262 
 0.291 
 0.317 
 0.342 
 0.361 
 
 12 months 
 0.111 
 0.146 
 0.181 
 0.216 
 0.250 
 0.282 
 0.312 
 0.339 
 0.361 
 
 9 months 
 0.090 
 0.125 
 0.162 
 0.199 
 0.237 
 0.272 
 0.305 
 0.336 
 0.361 
 
 6 months 
 0.065 
 0.099 
 0.137 
 0.178 
 0.219 
 0.259 
 0.296 
 0.331 
 0.361 
 
 3 months 
 0.034 
 0.065 
 0.104 
 0.150 
 0.197 
 0.243 
 0.286 
 0.326 
 0.361 
 
 0 months 

0.042 
 0.115 
 0.179 
 0.233 
 0.281 
 0.323 
 0.361 

4 

The exact fair market value and redemption date
may not be set forth in the table above, in which case, if the fair market value is between two values in the table or the redemption
date is between two redemption dates in the table, the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued for each warrant exercised
will be determined by a straight-line interpolation between the number of shares set forth for the higher and lower fair market
values and the earlier and later redemption dates, as applicable, based on a 365 or 366-day year, as applicable. For example, if
the volume-weighted average price of our Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading date prior
to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 11 per share, and at such time there are 57 months
until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for
0.277 shares of Class A common stock for each whole warrant. For an example where the exact fair market value and redemption
date are not as set forth in the table above, if the volume-weighted average price of our Class A common stock for the 10 trading
days ending on the third trading date prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants is 13.50
per share, and at such time there are 38 months until the expiration of the warrants, holders may choose to, in connection with
this redemption feature, exercise their warrants for 0.298 shares of Class A common stock for each whole warrant. In no event
will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 shares of Class A common stock
per warrant. Finally, as reflected in the table above, if the warrants are out of the money and about to expire, they cannot be exercised
on a cashless basis in connection with a redemption by us pursuant to this redemption feature, since they will not be exercisable for
any shares of Class A common stock. 

This redemption feature differs from the typical
warrant redemption features used in other blank check offerings, which typically only provide for a redemption of warrants for cash (other
than the private placement warrants) when the trading price for the Class A common stock exceeds 18.00 per share for a specified
period of time. This redemption feature is structured to allow for all of the outstanding warrants to be redeemed when the Class A
common stock are trading at or above 10.00 per share, which may be at a time when the trading price of our Class A common stock
is below the exercise price of the warrants. We have established this redemption feature to provide us with the flexibility to redeem
the warrants without the warrants having to reach the 18.00 per share threshold set forth above under Redemption of warrants
when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00. Holders choosing to exercise their warrants in connection
with a redemption pursuant to this feature will, in effect, receive a number of shares representing fair value for their
warrants based on a Black-Scholes option pricing model with a fixed volatility input as of the date of this prospectus. This redemption
right provides us with an additional mechanism by which to redeem all of the outstanding warrants, and therefore have certainty as to
our capital structure as the warrants would no longer be outstanding and would have been exercised or redeemed and we will be required
to pay the redemption price to warrant holders if we choose to exercise this redemption right and it will allow us to quickly proceed
with a redemption of the warrants if we determine it is in our best interest to do so. As such, we would redeem the warrants in this
manner when we believe it is in our best interest to update our capital structure to remove the warrants and pay the redemption price
to the warrant holders. 

As stated above, we can redeem the warrants when
the shares of Class A common stock are trading at a price starting at 10.00, which is below the exercise price of 11.50, because
it will provide certainty with respect to our capital structure and cash position while providing warrant holders with the opportunity
to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis for the applicable number of shares of Class A common stock. If we choose to redeem the
warrants when the shares of Class A common stock are trading at a price below the exercise price of the warrants, this could result
in the warrant holders receiving fewer shares of Class A common stock than they would have received if they had chosen to wait to
exercise their warrants for Class A common stock if and when such shares of Class A common stock were trading at a price higher
than the exercise price of 11.50. 

5 

No fractional shares of Class A common stock
will be issued upon exercise. If, upon exercise, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will round
down to the nearest whole number of the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the holder. If, at the time of
redemption, the warrants are exercisable for a security other than the Class A common stock pursuant to the warrant agreement (for
instance, if we are not the surviving company in our initial business combination), the warrants may be exercised for such security. 

Redemption Procedures . A
holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the
right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as
a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

Anti-Dilution Adjustments. The
warrants have certain anti-dilution and adjustments rights upon certain events. 

Registration. The
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as
warrant agent, and us. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which was filed with the Registration Statement, for a complete
description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that (a) the terms of the warrants
may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform
the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in this prospectus,
or defective provision or (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement
as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights
of the registered holders of the warrants and (b) all other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of at least
a majority of the then outstanding public warrants and, with respect to any amendment that solely affects the terms of the placement
warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement solely with respect to the placement warrants will also require at least a majority
of the then outstanding placement warrants. 

In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares
of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial
business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates,
without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), (y) the
aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for
the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions),
and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to
be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described
above under Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the 10.00 per
share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common
stock equals or exceeds 10.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price. 

6 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_thunder3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE
15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Gary A. Simanson, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Thunder Bridge Capital Partners III, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Gary A. Simanson 

Gary A. Simanson 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_thunder3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE
15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, William A. Houlihan, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Thunder Bridge Capital Partners III, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ William A. Houlihan 

William A. Houlihan 

Chief Financial Officer 

Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_thunder3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Thunder Bridge Capital Partners III, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gary A. Simanson, Chief Executive
Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Gary A. Simanson 

Gary A. Simanson 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-2_thunder3.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Thunder Bridge Capital Partners III, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, William A. Houlihan, Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ William A. Houlihan 

William A. Houlihan 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 tbcp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 tbcp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 tbcp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 tbcp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 tbcp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

