<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_1505497_0001493152-23-008960.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7827102</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>569261</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1703891</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2549137</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1325664</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1464966</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>19</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008960.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324185538
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008960
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BioRestorative Therapies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001505497
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISC HEALTH & ALLIED SERVICES, NEC [8090]
		IRS NUMBER:				911835664
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37603
		FILM NUMBER:		23761130

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 MARCUS DRIVE
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(631) 760-8100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 MARCUS DRIVE
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Stem Cell Assurance, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008960.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM__________ TO__________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

0.0001
 par value 

Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

 (Title
of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to
 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

As
of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was 
based on the closing sale price as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO REGISTRANTS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY 

PROCEEDINGS
DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. No 

As
of March 22, 2023, there were shares of common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

INDEX 

Page 
 No. 
 
 Forward-Looking
 Statements 
 3 
 
 PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors. 
 27 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 51 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 51 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 51 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 51 
 
 PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 52 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved]. 
 53 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 53 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 58 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 58 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 58 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 58 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 60 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 60 
 
 PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 61 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 64 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 66 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 69 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 69 
 
 PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 70 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 72 
 
 Signatures 
 73 

2 

PART
I 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the federal securities laws. The events described in forward-looking
statements contained in this Annual Report may not occur. Generally, these statements relate to business plans or strategies, projected
or anticipated benefits or other consequences of our plans or strategies, projected or anticipated benefits from acquisitions to be made
by us, or projections involving anticipated revenues, earnings or other aspects of our operating results. The words may, 
 will, expect, believe, anticipate, project, plan, 
 intend, estimate, and continue, and their opposites and similar expressions are intended to
identify forward-looking statements. We caution you that these statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are
subject to a number of uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of which are beyond our control, that may influence the accuracy
of the statements and the projections upon which the statements are based. Factors which may affect our results include, but are not
limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A of this Annual Report Risk Factors ). 

Any
one or more of these uncertainties, risks and other influences could materially affect our results of operations and whether forward-looking
statements made by us ultimately prove to be accurate. Our actual results, performance and achievements could differ materially from
those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether from new information, future events or otherwise. 

Intellectual
Property 

This
Annual Report includes references to our federally registered trademarks, BioRestorative Therapies and Dragonfly design,
 BRTX-100 , ThermoStem and BRTX . The Dragonfly logo is also registered with the U.S. Copyright Office. This
Annual Report also includes references to trademarks, trade names and service marks that are the property of other organizations. Solely
for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report appear without the , SM or symbols, and copyrighted
content appears without the use of the symbol , but the absence of use of these symbols does not reflect upon the validity or enforceability
of the intellectual property owned by us or third parties. 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS . 

(a)
 Business Development 

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or the Annual Report, references to the Company , we , us ,
or our refer to BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

We
were incorporated in Nevada on June 13, 1997. On August 15, 2011, we changed our name from Stem Cell Assurance, Inc. to
 BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. Effective January 1, 2015, we reincorporated in Delaware. Effective December 31, 2022, we
reincorporated in Nevada. 

We
develop therapeutic products and medical therapies using cell and tissue protocols, primarily involving adult
 stem cells. 

We
are currently pursuing our Disc/Spine Program with our initial investigational therapeutic product being called BRTX-100 .
In March 2022, a United States patent issued in our Disc/Spine Program . We submitted an IND application to the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration, or the FDA, to obtain authorization to commence a Phase 2 clinical trial investigating the use of BRTX-100 in
the treatment of chronic lower back pain arising from degenerative disc disease. We have received such authorization from the FDA and
have commenced such clinical trial. 

We
have obtained an exclusive license to use technology for investigational adult stem cell treatment of disc and spine conditions, including
protruding and bulging lumbar discs. The technology is an advanced stem cell injection procedure that may offer relief from lower back
pain, buttock and leg pain, and numbness and tingling in the leg and foot. 

3 

We
are also developing our ThermoStem Program . This pre-clinical program involves the use of brown adipose (fat) in connection with
the cell-based treatment of type 2 diabetes and obesity as well as hypertension, other metabolic disorders and cardiac deficiencies.
Patents related to the ThermoStem Program have been issued in the United States and other jurisdictions. 

Material
Events During 2022 

In
January 2022, Robert Paccasassi was elected our Vice President of Quality Assurance/Regulatory Compliance. 

In
February 2022, a Japanese patent related to our ThermoStem Program was issued to us. 

In
February 2022, we announced that we had initiated the site selection process for our active Phase 2 clinical trial targeting chronic
lumbar disc disease. To date, we have identified 17 sites in various cities in the United States and clinical trial agreements with 11
of such sites are in place. 

In
March 2022, an Israeli patent related to our ThermoStem Program was issued to us. 

In
March 2022, a United States patent related to BRTX-100 , our lead cell therapy candidate, was issued. We have been granted exclusive
license rights with regard to the patent. See Business Disc/Spine Program Exclusive License below. 

In
April 2022, we announced that we had completed the testing and certification of our clinical grade cell therapy manufacturing facility. 

In
June 2022, we announced that the first patient had been enrolled in our Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of
 BRTX-100 . 

In
December 2022, we entered into an agreement with Regenexx, LLC pursuant to which the license rights granted by Regenexx to us for intellectual
property developed to address chronic lumber disc disease have been made exclusive. See Business Disc/Spine Program 
 Exclusive License below. 

In
December 2022, we announced that we were awarded a Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Phase 1 grant from Eunice Kennedy Shriver
National Institute of Child Health Human Development of the National Institutes of Health to enable the development and evaluation
of our ThermoStem Program for the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). The work is to be done in collaboration with
Dr. Sheng Wu, Associate Professor, Center for Metabolic Disease Research at Temple University. 

Materials
Events During 2023 

In
February 2023, a notice of allowance was issued by the European Patent Office for a patent application related to our ThermoStem Program. 

In
February 2023, a notice of allowance was issued by the United States Patent Office for a patent application related to our ThermoStem
Program. 

4 

(b)
 Business 

General 

We
develop therapeutic products, using cell and tissue protocols, primarily involving adult stem cells. Our two core programs, as described
below, relate to the treatment of disc/spine disease and metabolic disorders: 

Disc/Spine
 Program (brtxDisc). Our lead cell therapy candidate, BRTX-100 , is a product formulated from autologous (or a person s
 own) cultured mesenchymal stem cells, or MSCs, collected from the patient s bone marrow. We intend that the product will be
 used for the non-surgical treatment of painful lumbosacral disc disorders or as a complimentary therapeutic to a surgical procedure.
 The BRTX-100 production process utilizes proprietary technology and involves collecting a patient s bone marrow, isolating
 and culturing stem cells from the bone marrow and cryopreserving the cells. In an outpatient procedure, BRTX-100 is to be
 injected by a physician into the patient s damaged disc. The treatment is intended for patients whose pain has not been alleviated
 by non-surgical procedures and who potentially face the prospect of surgery. We have received authorization from the FDA to commence
 a Phase 2 clinical trial using BRTX-100 to treat chronic lower back pain arising from degenerative disc disease. We have commenced
 such clinical trial through the execution of a CRO agreement with PRC Clinical, the execution of clinical trial site agreements,
 patient enrollment, the commencement of patient procedures, the purchase of manufacturing equipment and the expansion of our laboratory
 to include capabilities for clinical production. In March 2022, a United States patent related to our Disc/Spine Program was
 issued. We have been granted exclusive license rights with regard to the patent. See Disc/Spine Program below. 

Metabolic
 Program (ThermoStem) . We are developing a cell-based therapy candidate to target obesity and metabolic disorders using brown
 adipose (fat) derived stem cells, or BADSC, to generate brown adipose tissue, or BAT. We refer to this as our ThermoStem Program .
 BAT is intended to mimic naturally occurring brown adipose depots that regulate metabolic homeostasis in humans. Initial preclinical
 research indicates that increased amounts of brown fat in animals may be responsible for additional caloric burning as well as reduced
 glucose and lipid levels. Researchers have found that people with higher levels of brown fat may have a reduced risk for obesity
 and diabetes. Patents related to the ThermoStem Program have been issued in the United States and other jurisdictions. See
 Metabolic Brown Adipose (Fat) Program below. 

We
have also licensed an investigational curved needle device designed to deliver cells and/or other therapeutic products or material to
the spine and discs (and other parts of the body). We anticipate that FDA approval or clearance will be necessary for this device prior
to commercialization. We do not intend to utilize this device in connection with our Phase 2 clinical trial with regard to BRTX-100 .
See Curved Needle Device below. 

The
patents and patent applications for the Disc/Spine Program , the ThermoStem Program and the curved needle device are listed
below under Technology; Research and Development. 

Overview 

Every
human being has stem cells in his or her body. These cells exist from the early stages of human development until the end of a person s
life. Throughout our lives, our body continues to produce stem cells that regenerate to produce differentiated cells that make up various
aspects of the body such as skin, blood, muscle and nerves. These are generally referred to as adult (non-embryonic) stem cells. These
cells are important for the purpose of medical therapies aiming to replace lost or damaged cells or tissues or to otherwise treat disorders. 

Regenerative
cell therapy relies on replacing diseased, damaged or dysfunctional cells with healthy, functioning ones or repairing damaged or diseased
tissue. A great range of cells can serve in cell therapy, including cells found in peripheral and umbilical cord blood, bone marrow and
adipose (fat) tissue. Physicians have been using adult stem cells from bone marrow to treat various blood cancers for more than 65 years
(the first successful bone marrow transplant was performed in 1956). Recently, physicians have begun to use stem cells to treat various
other diseases. We intend to develop cell and tissue products and regenerative therapy protocols, primarily involving adult stem cells,
to allow patients to undergo cellular-based treatments. 

We
are concentrating initially on therapeutic areas in which risk to the patient is low, recovery is relatively easy, results can be demonstrated
through sufficient clinical data, and patients and physicians will be comfortable with the procedure. We believe that there will be readily
identifiable groups of patients who will benefit from these procedures. We also believe that these procedures will be significantly less
expensive than the most common surgical procedure alternatives and will compare favorably, over the long-term, to conservative treatment
costs which may persist for years. 

5 

Accordingly,
we have focused our initial developmental efforts on cellular-based therapeutic products and clinical development programs in selective
areas of medicine for which the treatment protocol is minimally invasive. Such areas include the treatment of the disc and spine and
metabolic-related disorders. Upon regulatory approval, we will seek to obtain third party reimbursement for our products and procedures;
however; if we are not successful, patients may be required to pay for our products and procedures out of pocket in full and without
the ability to be reimbursed by any governmental and other third party payers, which would adversely impact our prospects. 

We
have undertaken research and development efforts in connection with the development of investigational therapeutic products and medical
therapies using cell and tissue protocols, primarily involving adult stem cells. See Disc/Spine Program, Metabolic
Brown Adipose (Fat) Program and Curved Needle Device below. As a result of these programs, we have five United States
patents, twelve foreign patents, three United States patent applications, and five foreign patent applications related to research regarding
our ThermoStem Program , we have obtained licenses for ten United States patent applications related to our Disc/Spine Program,
 one United States patent related to our Disc/Spine Program, and we have obtained a license for one United States patent related
to a curved needle device. 

We
have established a research laboratory facility with Good Manufacturing Practice, or cGMP, capabilities to produce clinical grade products
and will seek to further develop cellular-based treatments, products and protocols, stem cell-related intellectual property, or IP, and
translational research applications. See Laboratory below. 

We
have not generated any significant revenues to date. In November 2021, we completed a 23,000,000 public offering of our securities.
Such funds are sufficient for us to complete our Phase 2 clinical trial investigating the use of BRTX - 100 in the treatment
of chronic lower back pain arising from degenerative disc disease, as further described in this section, as well as to continue our pre-clinical
research and development efforts with respect to our ThermoStem Program and to satisfy our current working capital needs; however,
the implementation of our business plan, as discussed below, will require the receipt of additional financing to fund our research and
development efforts, including our contemplated Phase 3 clinical trial with regard to BRTX-100 and our contemplated clinical trials
relating to our ThermoStem Program , and otherwise fund our operations. We intend to seek to raise capital through investment bankers
and from biotech funds, strategic partners and other financial institutions. We will require significant additional financing to complete
our contemplated Phase 3 clinical trial investigating the use of BRTX-100. We will also require a substantial amount of additional
funding to implement our other programs described in this section, and fund general operations. No assurance can be given that the amount
of funding that we anticipate may be required for such purposes is correct or that we will be able to accomplish our goals within the
timeframes projected. In addition, no assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain any required financing on commercially reasonable
terms or otherwise. If we are unable to obtain adequate funding, we may be required to significantly curtail or discontinue our proposed
operations. 

Disc/Spine
Program 

General 

Among
the initiatives that we are currently pursuing is our Disc/Spine Program , with our initial product candidate being called BRTX-100 .
We have obtained an exclusive license (see Exclusive License below) that permits us to use technology for adult
stem cell treatment of disc and spine conditions. The technology is an advanced stem cell culture and injection procedure into the intervertebral
disc, or IVD, that may offer relief from lower back pain, buttock and leg pain, and numbness and tingling in the leg and foot. 

Lower
back pain is the most common, most disabling, and most costly musculoskeletal ailment faced worldwide. According to a 2016 market report
from Trinity Partners, a global life sciences consulting firm, of the 250 million American adults, nearly 25 million have chronic lower
back pain of which approximately 12 million have been diagnosed with and treated for disc degeneration and approximately 5.6 million
have pain caused by a protruding or injured disc. We believe that between 500,000 and one million invasive surgical procedures are performed
each year to try to alleviate the pain associated with these lower back conditions and that such procedures cost approximately 40 billion.
Clinical studies have documented that the source of the pain is most frequently damage to the IVD. This can occur when forces, whether
a single load or repetitive microtrauma, exceed the IVD s inherent capacity to resist those loads. Aging, obesity, smoking, lifestyle,
and certain genetic factors may predispose one to an IVD injury. Current surgical approaches to back pain are extremely invasive (often
altering the spine s biomechanics unfavorably and predisposing it to further disc degeneration) and are associated with unacceptably
low success rates (with a second operation occurring 10 to 20 of the time). In addition, current surgical approaches are costly with
spinal fusion surgery costing approximately 110,000, discectomy costing approximately 20,000 to 50,000 and disc replacement surgery
costing approximately 80,000 to 150,000. Even conservative treatments can be costly, with oral medications costing between 1,000 and
 2,000 per year, injection treatments costing approximately 8,000 per year and physical therapy costing approximately 20,000 annually.
We anticipate that the cost of a single treatment using BRTX-100 will compare favorably to conservative treatments which may continue
for years and will be less expensive than the most common surgical procedures. 

6 

While
once thought to be benign, the natural history of lower back pain is often one of chronic recurrent episodes of pain leading to progressive
disability. This is believed to be a direct result of the IVD s poor healing capacity after injury. The IVD is the largest avascular
(having few or no blood vessels) structure in the body and is low in cellularity. Therefore, its inherent capacity to heal after injury
is poor. The clinical rationale of BRTX-100 is to deliver a high concentration of the patient s own cultured MSCs into the
site of pathology to promote healing and relieve pain. 

We
have developed a mesenchymal stem cell product candidate, BRTX-100, derived from autologous (or a person s own) human bone
marrow, cultured and formulated, in a proprietary method, specifically for introduction into a painful lumbar disc. The product candidate
was developed utilizing in part the exclusive license described below under Exclusive License . As described below
under BRTX-100 and Production and Delivery , BRTX-100 is a hypoxic (low oxygen) stem
cell product developed through a culturing process. In order to enhance the survivability of our bone marrow-derived MSCs in the avascular
environment of the damaged disc, BRTX-100 is designed to expand under hypoxic conditions. This process is intended to result in
a large cell count population with enhanced viability and therapeutic potential following injection into the injured disc. 

We
submitted an IND application to the FDA to obtain authorization to commence a Phase 2 clinical trial investigating the use of BRTX-100 ,
our lead cell therapy candidate, in the treatment of chronic lower back pain arising from degenerative disc disease. We received such
authorization from the FDA in February 2017. We have commenced our Phase 2 clinical trial through the execution of a CRO agreement with
PRC Clinical, the execution of clinical trial site agreements, patient enrollment, the commencement of patient procedures, the purchase
of manufacturing equipment and the expansion of our laboratory to include capabilities for clinical production. We believe that, based
upon our periodic reports to the FDA as to the commencement of the clinical trial, the existing IND remains effective. 

In
addition to developing BRTX-100 , we may also seek to sublicense the technology to a strategic third party, who may assist in gaining
FDA approval for a lumbar disc indication, or third parties for use in connection with cellular-based developmental programs with regard
to disc and spine related conditions. 

We
have established a laboratory, which includes a clean room facility, to perform the production of cell products (including BRTX-100 for use in our clinical trials, for third party cell products or for general research purposes. We may also use this laboratory to develop
our pipeline of future products and expand our stem cell-related IP. See Laboratory and Technology; Research and
Development below. 

In
March 2022, a United States patent related to BRTX-100 , was issued. We have been granted exclusive license rights with respect
to the patent. See Exclusive License below. 

BRTX-100 

Our
lead product candidate , BRTX-100, is an autologous hypoxic (low oxygen) cultured mesenchymal stem cell product derived from a
patient s own bone marrow and formulated with a proprietary biomaterial carrier (platelet lysate) to increase potency, viability
and survivability. We have designed the cryopreserved sterile cellular product candidate to be provided in vials for injection into painful
lumbar discs. We anticipate the product candidate will be delivered using a standard 20 gauge 3.5 inch introducer needle and a 25 gauge
6 inch needle that will extend into the disc center upon delivery. Upon regulatory approval, we plan to provide training to medical practitioners
with regard to the approved injection procedure. It is anticipated that the delivery of the product candidate will be a 30 minute procedure. 

Mesenchymal
stem cells used in BRTX-100 are similar to other MSCs under development by others; however, in order to enhance the survivability
of our bone marrow-derived MSCs in the avascular environment of the damaged disc, BRTX-100 is designed to expand under hypoxic
conditions for a period of approximately three weeks. This process is intended to result in an approximate 40 million cell count population
with enhanced viability and therapeutic potential following injection locally into injured spinal discs. Publications and scientific
literature have indicated that MSCs preconditioned in hypoxic environment show enhanced skeletal muscle regeneration properties and improved
impacts upon circulation and vascular formation compared to MSCs cultured under normoxic (normal oxygen) conditions. 

7 

In
August 2018, the Journal of Translational Medicine published the results of our study evaluating the benefits of long-term hypoxic
culturing of human bone marrow-derived MSCs. 

In
September 2021, we were awarded a National Institutes of Health Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) Phase 1 grant for 256,000
to evaluate the therapeutic effects on our hypoxic cultured bone marrow derived mesenchymal stem cells BRTX-100 after encapsulation
with a PEG-peptide hydrogel. The work is being done in collaboration with Washington University of St. Louis. 

Since
June 2022, we have entered into clinical trial agreements with 11 sites to conduct our Phase 2 clinical trial targeting chronic lumbar
disc disease. 

Production
and Delivery 

The
production of our product candidate, BRTX-100, begins with the physician collecting bone marrow from the patient under local anesthesia.
Peripheral blood is also collected from the patient. The physician will then send the patient s bone marrow and blood samples to
our laboratory (or a contract laboratory) for culturing and formulation. The hypoxic culturing process is intended to result in the selection
of a cell population that is suitable for an improved possibility of survival in the internal disc environment. We anticipate that the
cell culturing process and product formulation will take approximately three weeks, with an additional two weeks required for quality
control testing required to meet product release criteria. We will then send the therapeutic cryopreserved stem cells BRTX-100 in a sterile vial back to the physician s offices where it will undergo a controlled thaw prior to the procedure. The price structure
for the procedure and our services has not been determined and no assurances can be given as to the effect that such price structure
will have on the marketability of such procedure and services. The following illustrates the process: 

8 

Exclusive
License 

Pursuant
to our license agreement with Regenerative Sciences, LLC, or Regenerative, that became effective in April 2012, or the Regenerative License
Agreement, we have obtained, among other things, a worldwide (excluding Asia and Argentina), exclusive, royalty-bearing license from
Regenerative to utilize or sublicense a certain method for culturing cells for use in our developmental program involving disc and spine
conditions, including protruding or painful discs and the treatment of avascular zones. The investigational technology that has been
licensed is an advanced stem cell culture and injection procedure that may offer relief from lower back pain, buttock and leg pain, and
numbness and tingling in the leg and foot. Pursuant to the Regenerative License Agreement, we have also obtained a worldwide, exclusive,
royalty-bearing license from Regenerative to utilize or sublicense a certain investigational curved needle device for the administration
of specific cells and/or cell products to the disc and/or spine (and other parts of the body). It will be necessary to advance the design
of this investigational device to facilitate the delivery of substances, including living cells, to specific locations within the body
and minimize the potential for damage to nearby structures. 

The
patents that are the subject of the Regenerative License Agreement have been assigned to Regenexx, LLC which we have been advised by
Regenerative is an affiliate of Regenerative. 

Animal
Study 

The
efficacy and safety of our product candidate, BRTX-100, has been tested in a degenerative intervertebral rabbit disc model. In
this study, 80 rabbits underwent surgery to create a puncture in the discs. Four weeks post-surgery, each rabbit had either contrast,
a biomaterial carrier or BRTX-100 injected into the discs. In order to study the biodistribution and efficacy of BRTX-100 ,
the rabbits were evaluated at day 56 and day 120. 

The
key safety findings of the animal study are as follows: 

There
 was no evidence or observation of gross toxicity related to the administration of BRTX-100 at either time point. The clinical
 pathology across both groups and time points were within expected normal historical ranges and under the conditions of the test.
 No abnormalities (including fractures or overt signs of lumbar disc disease) were identified after review of the radiographic images
 taken at both endpoints for both groups. No toxicity or adverse finding was evident in the systemic tissues or the discs of animals
 receiving BRTX-100 . 

There
 was no detectable presence of human cells BRTX-100 observed at the day 56 interim time point. This is consistent with the
 proposed mechanism of action that BRTX-100 acts through a paracrine effect of secreted growth and immunomodulation factors. 

The
key efficacy findings of the animal study are as follows: 

BRTX-100
 showed a statistically significant DHI (disc height increase) over the control group at day 120. 

BRTX-100
 showed a statistically significant improvement in disc histology over the control group at day 120 as graded by a validated histology
 scale. BRTX-100 showed a significant improvement in the cellularity and matrix of the disc when compared to the control at
 day 120. 

Clinical
Trial 

We
submitted an IND application to the FDA to obtain authorization to commence a Phase 2 clinical trial investigating the use of BRTX-100 ,
our lead cell therapy candidate, in the treatment of chronic lower back pain arising from degenerative disc disease. We have received
such authorization from the FDA. We have commenced our Phase 2 clinical trial through the execution of a CRO agreement with PRC Clinical,
the execution of clinical trial agreements with 11 sites, patient enrollment, the commencement of patient procedures, the purchase of
manufacturing equipment and the expansion of our laboratory to include capabilities for clinical production. 

9 

The
following describes the Phase 2 clinical trial authorized by the FDA: 

A
Phase 2 Prospective, Double-Blinded, Placebo Controlled, Randomized Study 

General 

99
 patients; randomized 2:1, BRTX-100 to control, 40 million cells/dose 

10-20
 clinical trial sites (we intend to utilize 15 clinical trial sites) 

Primary
 efficacy endpoint at 12 months 

Patient
 safety and efficacy follow up at 24 months 

Included
 subjects must have only one symptomatic diseased disc 

Included
 subjects must have current diagnosis of chronic lumbar disc disease typical pain with degeneration of a single disc confirmed by
 history, exam, radiography, or other acceptable means 

Included
 subjects must have exhausted previous conservative non-operative therapies 

Primary Efficacy Endpoint 

Responder
 endpoint - percentage of patients that meet the improvement in function and reduction in pain threshold 

Improvement
 in function defined as at least a 30 increase in function based on the Oswestry questionnaires (ODI) 

Reduction
 of pain defined as at least a 30 decrease in pain as measured using the Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) 

Additional or Secondary Endpoints 

Clinical
 response at 12 months 

Changes
 from baseline in pain as assessed with the VAS score and ODI at weeks 2, 12, 26, 52 and 104 

Changes
 from baseline in function as assessed with the ODI at weeks 2, 12, 26, 52 and 104 

Changes
 from baseline in function as assessed by Roland Morris Disability Questionnaire (RMDQ) at weeks 26, 52 and 104 

Changes
 from baseline function as assessed by Functional Rating Index (FRI) at weeks 12, 52 and 104 

Changes
 from baseline Quality of Life assessment (SF-12 questionnaire) scores at weeks 2, 12, 26, 52 and 104 

In
December 2021, we entered into a Master Service Agreement with Professional Research Consulting Inc. d/b/a PRC Clinical, a contract research
organization, or CRO, specializing in clinical trial management, to conduct our Phase 2 clinical trial. 

The
FDA approval process can be lengthy, expensive and uncertain and there is no guarantee that the clinical trial(s) will be completed or
that the product will ultimately receive approval or clearance. 

As
an alternative to undertaking any necessary clinical trials ourselves, we may explore the licensing of our rights with respect to our
product candidate, BRTX-100, to a strategic partner. Such an arrangement could possibly eliminate or significantly reduce the
need to raise the substantial capital needed to commence and complete the clinical trials and undertake the commercialization of BRTX-100
 and would provide licensing-related revenue to us in lieu of product sales revenue. No assurance can be given that any licensing
agreement will be entered into, whether upon commercially reasonable terms or otherwise. 

Defined
Health Report 

In
March 2018, we engaged Defined Health, a business development and strategy consulting firm, to conduct an independent review of BRTX-100 .
Defined Health has worked with many of the leading companies in the pharmaceutical, biotech and healthcare industries for over 25 years. 

The
review was intended to collect informed, independent opinions regarding BRTX-100 among key opinion leaders, or KOLs (i.e., orthopedic
surgeons specializing in back and spine surgery with experience in stem cell therapy), who, upon studying applicable clinical material,
could offer opinions regarding the future therapeutic potential of BRTX-100 . 

10 

As
noted in the Defined Health report, the KOLs indicated that stem cell therapies have great potential to treat chronic lumbar disc disease
and other therapeutic areas. The KOLs reacted positively to the value proposition of our product candidate, BRTX-100, and were
optimistic that the clinical data presented to date is likely to be mirrored in future clinical investigations. Given the opportunity,
the KOLs indicated that they would likely participate in a clinical trial should it be offered at their center and that they would recommend
the study to appropriately eligible patients. The report indicated that, if BRTX-100 were to be granted FDA approval, the KOLs
anticipate that it would be integrated into the standard of care for eligible chronic lumbar disc disease patients. 

Similar
Therapies 

Human
data from studies of therapies comparative to BRTX-100 have shown reduced pain, increased function, and an absence of significant
safety issues with a durable response, as shown below: 

Impact
on Public Health 

The
United States is the world s leading consumer of hydrocodone (99 and oxycodone (83 and leads the world in per capital consumption
of such drugs (twice as much as second ranked Canada). In 2020, 91,000 persons in the United States died from overdoses. 

Total
annual healthcare and lost productivity costs in the United States related to pain, including headache, back pain and neck pain, are
estimated to be 600 billion, which is twice the annual costs related to heart disease and greater than the combined annual costs related
to cancer and diabetes. 

Metabolic
Brown Adipose (Fat) Program 

Since
June 2011, we have been engaging in pre-clinical research efforts with respect to an investigational platform technology utilizing brown
adipose (fat) derived stem cells, or BADSCs, for therapeutic purposes. We have labeled this initiative our ThermoStem Program . 

11 

Brown
fat is a specialized adipose (fat) tissue found in the human body that plays a key role in the evolutionarily conserved mechanisms underlying
thermogenesis (generation of non-shivering body heat) and energy homeostasis in mammals - long known to be present at high levels in
hibernating mammals and human newborns. Recent studies have demonstrated that brown fat is present in the adult human body and may be
correlated with the maintenance and regulation of healthy metabolism, thus potentially being involved in caloric regulation. The pre-clinical
 ThermoStem Program involves the use of a cell-based (brown adipose tissue construct) treatment for metabolic disease, such as
type 2 diabetes, obesity, hypertension and other metabolic disorders, as well as cardiac deficiencies. The diseases, disorders and syndromes
that may be targeted by our ThermoStem Program are as follows: 

We
have had initial success in transplanting the brown adipose tissue construct in animals, and we are currently exploring ways to deliver
into humans. Even though present, BAT mass is very low in healthy adults and even lower in obese populations. Therefore, it may not be
sufficient to either naturally impact whole body metabolism, or to be targeted by drugs intended to increase its activity in the majority
of the population. Increasing BAT mass is crucial in order to benefit from its metabolic activity and this is what our ThermoStem
Program seeks to accomplish. We may also identify other naturally occurring biologics and chemically engineered molecules that may
enhance brown adipose tissue performance and activity. 

Obesity,
the abnormal accumulation of white fat tissue, leads to a number of metabolic disorders and is the driving force behind the rise of type
2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases worldwide. Pharmacological efforts to alter metabolic homeostasis through modulating central control
of appetite and satiety have had limited market penetration due to significant psychological and physiological safety concerns directly
attributed to modulating these brain centers. Adipose tissue is one of the largest organs in the human body and plays a key role in central
energy balance and lipid homeostasis. White and brown adipose tissues are found in mammals. White adipose tissue s function is
to store energy, whereas BAT specializes in energy expenditure. As discussed in a 2020 article published in the International Journal
of Molecular Sciences , recent advancements in unraveling the mechanisms that control the induction, differentiation, proliferation,
and thermogenic activity of BAT, along with the application of imaging technologies for human BAT visualization, have generated optimism
that these advances may provide novel strategies for targeting BAT activation/thermogenesis, leading to efficacious and safe obesity
targeted therapies. 

We
are developing a cell-based product candidate to target obesity and metabolic disorders using BADSCs. Our goal is to develop a bioengineered
implantable brown adipose tissue construct intended to mimic ones naturally occurring in the human body. We have isolated and characterized
a human multipotent stem cell population that resides within BAT depots. We have expanded these stem cells to clinically relevant numbers
and successfully differentiated them into functional brown adipocytes. We intend to use adult stem cells that may be differentiated into
progenitor or fully differentiated brown adipocytes, or a related cell type, which can be used therapeutically in patients. We are focusing
on the development of treatment protocols that utilize allogeneic cells (i.e., stem cells from a genetically similar but not identical
donor). 

12 

In
order to deliver these differentiated cells into target locations in vivo , we seeded BADSCs onto 3-dimensional biological scaffolds.
Pre-clinical animal models of diet-induced obesity, that were transplanted with differentiated BADSCs supported by a biological scaffold,
presented significant reductions in weight and blood glucose levels compared to scaffold only controls. We are identifying technology
for in vivo delivery in small animal models. Having completed our proof of concept using our BAT in small animals, we are currently
developing our next generation BAT. It is anticipated that this next version will contain a higher purity of BADSC and a greater percent
of functional brown adipocytes, which is expected to increase the therapeutic effect compared to our first generation product. In addition,
we are exploring the delivery of the therapeutic using encapsulation technology, which will only allow for reciprocal exchange of small
molecules between the host circulation and the BAT implant. We expect that encapsulation may present several advantages over our current
biological scaffolds, including prevention of any immune response or implant rejection that might occur in an immunocompetent host and
an increase in safety by preventing the implanted cells from invading the host tissues. We have developed promising data on the loading
of human stem cell-derived tissue engineered brown fat into an encapsulation device to be used as a cell delivery system for our metabolic
platform program for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, obesity, hyperlipidemia and hypertension. This advancement may lead to successful
transplantation of brown fat in humans. We are evaluating the next generation of BAT constructs that will first be tested in small animal
models. No assurance can be given that this delivery system will be effective in vivo in animals or humans. Our allogeneic brown
adipose derived stem cell platform potentially provides a therapeutic and commercial model for the cell-based treatment of obesity and
related metabolic disorders. 

In
June 2012, we entered into an Assignment Agreement with the University of Utah Research Foundation, or the Foundation, and a Research
Agreement with the University of Utah, or the Utah Research Agreement. Pursuant to the Assignment Agreement, which provides for royalty
payments, we acquired the rights to two provisional patent applications that relate to human brown fat cell lines. No royalty amounts
are payable to date. The applications have been converted to a utility application in the United States and several foreign jurisdictions.
Pursuant to the Utah Research Agreement, the University of Utah provided research services relating to the identification of brown fat
tissue and the development and characterization of brown fat cell lines. The Utah Research Agreement provides that all inventions, discoveries,
patent rights, information, data, methods and techniques, including all cell lines, cell culture media and derivatives thereof, are owned
by us. In February 2019, we entered into a Services Agreement with the University of Utah pursuant to which the university has been retained
to provide research services with regard to the ThermoStem Program . Pursuant to this agreement, we will initiate preclinical models
to study the efficacy of our generation 2 encapsulated brown adipose tissue construct. 

In
February 2014, our research with regard to the identification of a population of brown adipose derived stem cells was published in Stem
Cells , a respected stem cell journal. 

In
March 2014, we entered into a Research Agreement with Pfizer Inc., a global pharmaceutical company. Pursuant to the Research Agreement
with Pfizer, we were engaged to provide research and development services with regard to a joint study of the development and validation
of a human brown adipose cell model. The Research Agreement with Pfizer provided for an initial payment to us of 250,000 and the payment
of up to an additional 525,000 during the two-year term of the Agreement, all of which has been received. The Research Agreement expired
upon completion of the services provided for therein. 

In
August 2015, we entered into a one year research collaboration agreement with the University of Pennsylvania with regard to the understanding
of brown adipose biology and its role in metabolic disorders. In September 2018, we entered into a one year research collaboration agreement
with the University of Pennsylvania pursuant to which the university was provided access to our proprietary brown adipose tissue cells
for research purposes. No amounts were payable by or to us pursuant to either agreement. 

In
September 2015, a United States patent related to the ThermoStem Program was issued to us. 

In
April 2017, an Australian patent related to the ThermoStem Program was issued to us. 

13 

In
December 2017, a Japanese patent related to the ThermoStem Program was issued to us. 

In
January 2019, a United States patent related to the ThermoStem Program was issued to us. 

In
October 2019, an Australian patent related to the ThermoStem Program was issued to us. 

In
October 2019, an Israeli patent related to the ThermoStem Program was issued to us. 

In
March 2020, a United States patent related to our ThermoStem Program was issued to us. 

In
March 2020, our collaboration with the University of Pennsylvania resulted in a publication in Cell Reports , a respected peer
reviewed journal, with regard to our ThermoStem Program . 

In
April 2020, a European patent related to our ThermoStem Program was issued to us. This European patent was validated in Belgium,
France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. 

In
May 2020, an Israeli patent related to our ThermoStem Program was issued to us. 

In
January 2021, a European patent related to our ThermoStem Program was issued to us. This European patent was validated in France,
Germany, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom. 

In
March 2021, a United States patent related to our ThermoStem Program was issued to us. 

In
June 2021, a Japanese patent related to our ThermoStem Program was issued to us. 

In
July 2021, a United States patent related to our ThermoStem Program was issued to us. 

In
August 2021, an Australian patent related to our ThermoStem Program was issued to us. 

In
February 2022, a Japanese patent related to our ThermoStem Program was issued. 

In
March 2022, an Israeli patent related to our ThermoStem Program was issued. 

In
December 2022, we announced that we were awarded a Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Phase 1 grant from Eunice Kennedy Shriver
National Institute of Child Health Human Development of the National Institutes of Health to enable the development and the evaluation
of our ThermoStem Program for the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). The work is to be done in collaboration with
Dr. Sheng Wu, Associate Professor, Center for Metabolic Disease Research at Temple University. 

In
February 2023, a notice of allowance was issued by the European Patent Office for a patent application related to our ThermoStem Program. 

In
February 2023, a notice of allowance was issued by the United States Patent Office for a patent application related to our ThermoStem
Program 

We
have completed proof of concept preclinical animal studies using our first generation brown adipose derived stem cells. We intend to
undertake additional preclinical animal studies in order to optimize delivery and explore the feasibility of targeting additional indications.
Such studies are planned to begin in 2023. Following the completion of such studies, if successful, we intend to file an IND with the
FDA and initiate a clinical trial. The FDA approval process can be lengthy, expensive and uncertain and there is no guarantee of ultimate
approval or clearance. 

We
anticipate that much of our development work in this area will take place at our laboratory facility, outside core facilities at academic,
research or medical institutions, or contractors. See Laboratory below. 

14 

Curved
Needle Device 

Pursuant
to the Regenerative License Agreement discussed under Disc/Spine Program- Exclusive License above, we have licensed
and further developed an investigational curved needle device, or CND, that is a needle system with a curved inner cannula to allow access
to difficult-to-locate regions for the delivery or removal of fluids and other substances. The investigational CND is intended to deliver
stem cells and/or other therapeutic products or material to the interior of a human intervertebral disc, the spine region, or potentially
other areas of the body. The device is designed to rely on the use of pre-curved nested cannulae that allow the cells or material to
be deposited in the posterior and lateral aspects of the disc to which direct access is not possible due to outlying structures such
as vertebra, spinal cord and spinal nerves. We anticipate that the use of the investigational CND will facilitate the delivery of substances,
including living cells, to specific locations within the body and minimize the potential for damage to nearby structures. The investigational
device may also have more general use applications. In August 2015, a United States patent for the CND was issued to the licensor, Regenerative.
We anticipate that FDA approval or clearance will be necessary for the investigational CND prior to commercialization. We do not intend
to utilize the CND in connection with our Phase 2 clinical trial with regard to BRTX-100 . The FDA review and approval process
can be lengthy, expensive and uncertain and there is no guarantee of ultimate approval or clearance. 

Laboratory 

We
have established a laboratory in Melville, New York for research purposes and have built a cleanroom within the laboratory for the production
of cell-based product candidates, such as BRTX-100 , for use in a clinical trial, for third party cell products or general research
purposes. 

In
2021 and 2022, we expanded our laboratory to include capabilities for the clinical production of our pipeline of clinical and investigational
cell therapy candidates. Our expanded cGMP facility includes process development space, ISO 7 cleanrooms and state-of-the-art equipment.
We have expanded our research and development operations to include clinical manufacturing, a necessary step for our Phase 2 clinical
trial for BRTX-100 . The new facility has been designed to provide cGMP manufacturing according to FDA and European Medicines Agency
regulations and guidelines to support clinical grade cell production. As we develop our business and our stem cell product candidates
and we obtain regulatory approval, we will seek to establish ourselves as a key provider of adult stem cells for therapies and expand
to provide cells in other market areas for stem cell therapy. We may also use outside laboratories specializing in cell therapy services
and manufacturing of cell products. 

Technology;
Research and Development 

We
intend to utilize our laboratory or a third party laboratory in connection with cellular research activities. We also intend to obtain
cellular-based therapeutic technology licenses and increase our IP portfolio. We intend to seek to develop potential stem cell delivery
systems or devices. The goal of these specialized delivery systems or devices is to deliver cells into specific areas of the body, control
the rate, amount and types of cells used in a treatment, and populate these areas of the body with sufficient stem cells so that there
is a successful therapeutic result. 

We
also intend to perform research to develop certain stem cell optimization compounds, media designed to enhance cellular growth and regeneration
for the purpose of improving pre-treatment and post-treatment outcomes. 

In
our Disc/Spine Program , twelve patent applications have been filed with regard to technology that is the subject of the Regenerative
License Agreement (see Disc/Spine Program- Exclusive License above). Regenerative has been issued a patent from one
of these applications with regard to its curved needle therapeutic delivery device. This patent expires in March 2031. In addition, in
March 2022, a United States patent related to BRTX- 100 was issued. This patent expires in December 2029. The other ten applications
remain pending. The patents that are the subject of the Regenerative License Agreement have been assigned to Regenexx, LLC which we have
been advised is an affiliate of Regenerative. 

In
our ThermoStem Program , we have three pending United States patent applications and five United States patents within three patent
families. Three of the patents expire in June 2032 and two of the patents expire in April 2034. With regard to the first patent family
in the ThermoStem Program, patent applications have been filed in five foreign jurisdictions (of which four applications have
been granted as foreign patents and one application has lapsed). The patents expire in June 2032. With regard to the second patent family
in the ThermoStem Program, patent applications have been filed in four foreign jurisdictions (of which four applications have
been granted as foreign patents). The patents expire in April 2034. With regard to the third patent family in the ThermoStem Program ,
patent applications have been filed in four foreign jurisdictions. 

15 

Our
patent applications and those of Regenexx, LLC are currently in prosecution (i.e., we and Regenexx, LLC are seeking issued patents). 

In
March 2014, we entered into a Research and Development Agreement with Rohto Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., a Japanese pharmaceutical company,
or Rohto. Pursuant to the Research and Development Agreement with Rohto, we were engaged to provide research and development services
with regard to stem cells. The agreement with Rohto expired upon the completion of the services provided for therein. 

We
have secured registrations in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for the following trademarks: 

BRTX-100 

THERMOSTEM 

BRTX 

The
 Dragonfly Logo is also registered with the U.S. Copyright Office. 

We
also have federal common law rights in the trademark BioRestorative Therapies and other trademarks and trade names used in the
conduct of our business that are not registered. 

Our
success will depend in large part on our ability to develop and protect our proprietary technology. We intend to rely on a combination
of patent, trade secret and know-how, copyright and trademark laws, as well as confidentiality agreements, licensing agreements, non-compete
agreements and other agreements, to establish and protect our proprietary rights. Our success will also depend upon our ability to avoid
infringing upon the proprietary rights of others, for if we are judicially determined to have infringed such rights, we may be required
to pay damages, alter our services, products or processes, obtain licenses or cease certain activities. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred 3,513,352 and 729,058, respectively, in research and development expenses. 

Scientific
Advisors 

We
have established a Scientific Advisory Board whose purpose is to provide advice and guidance in connection with scientific matters relating
to our business. The Scientific Advisory Board has established a Disc Advisory Committee which focuses on matters relating to our Disc/Spine
Program . Our Scientific Advisory Board members are Dr. Wayne Marasco (Chairman), Dr. Wayne Olan, Dr. Joy Cavagnaro, Dr. Jason Lipetz,
Dr. Harvinder Sandhu and Dr. Christopher Plastaras. The Disc Advisory Committee members are Dr. Lipetz (Chairman), Dr. Olan, Dr. Sandhu
and Dr. Plastaras. See Item 10 of this Annual Report Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Scientific
Advisory Board for a listing of the principal positions for Drs. Marasco, Olan, Cavagnaro, Lipetz, Sandhu and Plastaras. 

Competition 

We
will compete with many pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies, as well as other private and public stem cell companies
involved in the development and commercialization of cell-based medical technologies and therapies. 

Regenerative
medicine is rapidly progressing, in large part through the development of cell-based therapies or devices designed to isolate cells from
human tissues. Most efforts involve cell sources, such as bone marrow, adipose tissue, embryonic and fetal tissue, umbilical cord and
peripheral blood and skeletal muscle. 

16 

Companies
working in the area of regenerative medicine with regard to the disc and spine include, among others, Mesoblast, SpinalCyte, DiscGenics
and Isto Biologics. Companies that are developing products and therapies to combat obesity and diabetes, including through the use of
brown fat, include, among others, Novo Nordisk, Sanofi, Merck, Eli Lilly, Roche, Pfizer and Regeneron. 

Many
of our competitors and potential competitors have substantially greater financial, technological, research and development, marketing
and personnel resources than we do. We cannot, with any accuracy, forecast when or if these companies are likely to bring their products
and therapies to market in competition with those that we are pursuing. 

The
Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act, or the BPCIA, sets forth an abbreviated pathway for the approval of biosimilar and interchangeable
biological products that could be used by future competitors, if any, of our product candidates that are approved by the FDA as a biologic.
For the FDA to approve a biosimilar product, it must find that there are no clinically meaningful differences between the reference product
and the proposed biosimilar product. Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to the reference product, and the product
must demonstrate that it can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product and, for products administered
multiple times, the biologic and the reference biologic may be switched after one has been previously administered without increasing
safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. Under the BPCIA, an application for
a biosimilar product cannot be submitted to the FDA until four years following approval of the reference product, and it may not be approved
by the FDA until 12 years after the original branded product is approved under a biologics license application, or BLA. 

We
believe that, if any of our product candidates are approved as a biological product under a BLA, it should qualify for the 12-year period
of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that the FDA could permit biosimilar applicants to reference approved biologics other than our
therapeutic candidates, thus circumventing our exclusivity and potentially creating the opportunity for competition sooner than anticipated.
Additionally, this period of regulatory exclusivity does not apply to companies pursuing regulatory approval via their own traditional
BLA, rather than via the abbreviated pathway. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once approved, will be substituted for any
one of our reference products in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biological products is not yet clear,
and will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing. 

We
may also face increased competition from stem cell therapies performed by treatment centers that do not require FDA premarket approval.
In August 2022, a federal District Court in the case of United States v. California Stem Cell Treatment Center, Inc. held that
certain autologous adipose stem cell treatments were not biological products and therefore did not require FDA approval.
The FDA has appealed the decision but, should it be upheld, we could face competition from stem cell clinics that would not be required
to undergo the costly and time-consuming FDA approval process. 

17 

Set
forth below is a comparison of BRTX-100 to Mesoblast s adult stem cell biologic: 

We
believe that BRTX-100 has competitive advantages to Mesoblast s product for the following reasons: 

The
 use of autologous cells results in low to no risk of rejection, greater safety profile (introduction of viral/genetic) and streamlined
 regulatory path 

Hypoxic
 culturing creates increased cell proliferation, greater plasticity, increased paracrine effect and increased cell survival after
 application 

Autologous
 platelet lysate provides growth factors that interact with the cells, allowing for better cell survival 

Low
 to no risk of safety concerns related to immunological and zoonotic (animal to human) transmission 

Customers 

Upon
regulatory approval, our cell product candidates are intended to be marketed to physicians, other health care professionals, hospitals,
research institutions, pharmaceutical companies and the military. It is anticipated that physicians who are trained and skilled in performing
spinal injections will be the physicians most likely to treat discs with injections of BRTX-100 upon regulatory approval. These
physicians would include interventional physiatrists (physical medicine physicians), pain management anesthesiologists, interventional
radiologists and neurosurgeons. 

Governmental
Regulation 

U.S.
Government Regulation 

The
health care industry is highly regulated in the United States. The federal government, through various departments and agencies, state
and local governments, and private third-party accreditation organizations, regulate and monitor the health care industry, associated
products, and operations. The FDA and comparable regulatory agencies in state and local jurisdictions and in foreign countries impose
substantial requirements upon the clinical development, approval, manufacture, distribution and marketing of medical products, including
drugs, biologics, and medical devices. These agencies and other federal, state and local entities regulate research and development activities
and the testing, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, record keeping, approval,
post-approval monitoring, advertising, promotion, sampling and import and export of medical products. The following is a general overview
of the laws and regulations pertaining to our business. 

18 

FDA
Regulation of Stem Cell Treatment and Products 

The
FDA regulates the manufacture of human stem cell treatments and associated products under the authority of the Public Health Service
Act, or PHSA, and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA. Stem cells can be regulated under the FDA s Human Cells, Tissues,
and Cellular and Tissue-Based Products Regulations, or HCT/Ps, or may also be subject to the FDA s drug, biologic, or medical device
regulations, each as discussed below. 

Human
Cells, Tissues, and Cellular and Tissue-Based Products Regulation 

Under
Section 361 of the PHSA, the FDA issued specific regulations governing the use of HCT/Ps in humans. Pursuant to Part 1271 of Title 21
of the Code of Federal Regulations, or CFR, or the HCT/P Regulations, the FDA established a unified registration and listing system for
establishments that manufacture and process HCT/Ps. The regulations also include provisions pertaining to donor eligibility determinations;
current good tissue practices covering all stages of production, including harvesting, processing, manufacture, storage, labeling, packaging,
and distribution; and other procedures to prevent the introduction, transmission, and spread of communicable diseases. 

The
HCT/P Regulations define HCT/Ps as articles containing or consisting of human cells or tissues that are intended for implantation,
transplantation, infusion or transfer into a human recipient. The HCT/P Regulations strictly constrain the types of products that
may be regulated solely as HCT/P. Factors considered include the degree of manipulation, whether the product is intended for a homologous
function, whether the product has been combined with noncellular or non-tissue components, and the product s effect or dependence
on the body s metabolic function. In those instances where cells, tissues, and cellular and tissue-based products have been only
minimally manipulated, are intended strictly for homologous use, have not been combined with noncellular or nontissue substances, and
do not depend on or have any effect on the body s metabolism, the manufacturer is only required to register with the FDA, submit
a list of manufactured products, and adopt and implement procedures for the control of communicable diseases. If one or more of the above
factors has been exceeded, the product would be regulated as a drug, biological product, or medical device rather than an HCT/P. 

Because
we are an enterprise in the early stages of operations and have not generated significant revenues from operations, it is difficult to
anticipate the likely regulatory status of the array of products and services that we may offer. We believe that some of the adult autologous
(self-derived) stem cells that will be used in our cellular therapy products and services, including the brown adipose (fat) tissue that
we intend to use in our ThermoStem Program , may be regulated by the FDA as HCT/Ps under the HCT/P Regulations. However, the FDA
may disagree with this position or conclude that some or all of our stem cell therapy products or services do not meet the applicable
definitions and exemptions to the regulation. In July 2020, the FDA issued an updated guidance document entitled Regulatory Considerations
for Human Cells, Tissues, and Cellular and Tissue-Based Products: Minimal Manipulation and Homologous Use that provides additional
guidance on how FDA interprets the HCT/P Regulations, particularly the definition of the terms minimally manipulated and
 homologous use. In the guidance, FDA stated it will exercise enforcement discretion until May 31, 2021 for products that
do not comply with the HCT/P Regulations. As of that date, manufacturers of products marketed as HCT/Ps that do not comply with the HCT/P
Regulations are subject to immediate FDA enforcement action. If we are not regulated solely under the HCT/P Regulations, we would need
to expend significant resources to comply with the FDA s broad regulatory authority under the FDCA. Historically, the U.S. federal
courts have upheld the FDA s authority to regulate stem cell products under the FDCA that do not comply with FDA s interpretations
of the HCT/P Regulations. However, in August 2022, a federal District Court in the case of United States v. California Stem Cell Treatment
Center, Inc. held that certain autologous adipose stem cell treatments that FDA alleged were biological products were instead within
the HCT/P definition and therefore did not require FDA approval. The FDA has appealed the decision but, should it be upheld, it could
expand the types of stem cell products that are regulated solely under the HCT/P Regulations. 

19 

If
regulated solely under the FDA s HCT/P statutory and regulatory provisions, once our laboratory in the United States becomes operational,
it will need to satisfy the following requirements, among others, to process and store stem cells: 

registration
 and listing of HCT/Ps with the FDA; 

donor
 eligibility determinations, including donor screening and donor testing requirements; 

current
 good tissue practices, specifically including requirements for the facilities, environmental controls, equipment, supplies and reagents,
 recovery of HCT/Ps from the patient, processing, storage, labeling and document controls, and distribution and shipment of the HCT/Ps
 to the laboratory, storage, or other facility; 

tracking
 and traceability of HCT/Ps and equipment, supplies, and reagents used in the manufacture of HCT/Ps; 

adverse
 event reporting; 

FDA
 inspection; and 

abiding
 by any FDA order of retention, recall, destruction, and cessation of manufacturing of HCT/Ps. 

Non-reproductive
HCT/Ps and non-peripheral blood stem/progenitor cells that are offered for import into the United States and regulated solely under Section
361 of the PHSA must also satisfy the requirements under 21 C.F.R. 1271.420. Section 1271.420 requires that the importer of record
of HCT/Ps notify the FDA prior to, or at the time of, importation and provide sufficient information for the FDA to make an admissibility
decision. In addition, the importer must hold the HCT/P intact and under conditions necessary to prevent transmission of communicable
disease until an admissibility decision is made by the FDA. 

If
the FDA determines that we have failed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, it can impose a variety of enforcement actions
including public warning letters, fines, consent decrees, orders of retention, recall or destruction of product, orders to cease manufacturing,
and criminal prosecution. If any of these events were to occur, it could materially adversely affect us. 

To
the extent that our cellular therapy activities are limited to developing products and services outside the United States, as described
in detail below, the products and services would not be subject to FDA regulation, but will be subject to the applicable requirements
of the foreign jurisdiction. We intend to comply with all applicable foreign governmental requirements. 

Drug
and Biological Product Regulation 

An
HCT/P product that does not meet the criteria for being solely regulated under Section 361 of the PHSA will be regulated as a drug, device
or biological product under the FDCA and/or Section 351 of the PHSA, and applicable FDA regulations. The FDA has broad regulatory authority
over drugs and biologics marketed for sale in the United States. The FDA regulates the research, clinical testing, manufacturing, safety,
effectiveness, labeling, storage, recordkeeping, promotion, distribution, and production of drugs and biological products. The FDA also
regulates the export of drugs and biological products manufactured in the United States to international markets in certain situations. 

The
process required by the FDA before a drug or biologic may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

completion of non-clinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies conducted according to Good Laboratory Practice,
or GLP, or other applicable regulations; 

submission of an IND, which allows clinical trials to begin unless the FDA objects within 30 days; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug or biologic
for its intended use or uses conducted in accordance with FDA regulations and Good Clinical Practices, or GCP, which are international
ethical and scientific quality standards meant to ensure that the rights, safety and well-being of trial participants are protected and
that the integrity of the data is maintained; 

registration of clinical trials of FDA-regulated products and certain clinical trial information; 

preparation and submission to the FDA of a new drug application, or NDA, in the case of a drug or BLA in the case of a biologic; 

review of the product by an FDA advisory committee, where appropriate or if applicable; 

20 

satisfactory completion of pre-approval inspection of manufacturing facilities and clinical trial sites at which the product, or components
thereof, are produced to assess compliance with cGMP requirements and of selected clinical trial sites to assess compliance with GCP
requirements; and 

FDA approval of an NDA or BLA which must occur before a drug or biologic can be marketed or sold. 

Approval
of an NDA requires a showing that the drug is safe and effective for its intended use and that the methods, facilities, and controls
used for the manufacturing, processing, and packaging of the drug are adequate to preserve its identity, strength, quality, and purity.
To obtain a BLA, a manufacturer must show that the proposed product is safe, pure, and potent and that the facility in which the product
is manufactured, processed, packed, or held meets established quality control standards. 

For
purposes of an NDA or BLA approval by the FDA, human clinical trials are typically conducted in the following phases (which may overlap): 

Phase 1: The investigational product is initially given to healthy human subjects or patients and tested for safety, dosage tolerance,
absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion. These trials may also provide early evidence on effectiveness. During Phase 1 clinical
trials, sufficient information about the investigational product s pharmacokinetics and pharmacologic effects may be obtained to
permit the design of well-controlled and scientifically valid Phase 2 clinical trials. 

Phase 2: These clinical trials are conducted in a limited number of human subjects in the target population to identify possible adverse
effects and safety risks, to determine the efficacy of the investigational product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage
tolerance and dosage levels. Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted by the sponsor to obtain information prior to beginning
larger and more costly Phase 3 clinical trials. 

Phase 3: Phase 3 clinical trials are undertaken after Phase 2 clinical trials demonstrate that a dosage range of the investigational
product appears effective and has a tolerable safety profile. The Phase 2 clinical trials must also provide sufficient information for
the design of Phase 3 clinical trials. Phase 3 clinical trials are conducted to provide statistically significant evidence of clinical
efficacy and to further test for safety risks in an expanded human subject population at multiple clinical trial sites. These clinical
trials are intended to further evaluate dosage, effectiveness and safety, to establish the overall benefit-risk profile of the investigational
product and to provide an adequate basis for product labeling and approval by the FDA. In most cases, the FDA requires two adequate and
well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials to demonstrate the efficacy of an investigational drug or biologic. 

All
clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with FDA regulations, GCP requirements and their protocols in order for the data to be
considered reliable for regulatory purposes. Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least
annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse events occur. Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed
successfully within any specified period, or at all. These government regulations may delay or prevent approval of product candidates
for a considerable period of time and impose costly procedures upon our business operations. 

The
FDA may require, or companies may pursue, additional clinical trials, referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, after a product is approved.
Such trials may be made a condition to be satisfied for continuing drug approval. The results of Phase 4 clinical trials can confirm
the effectiveness of a product candidate and can provide important safety information. In addition, the FDA has authority to require
sponsors to conduct post-marketing trials to specifically address safety issues identified by the agency. 

21 

Under
the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, certain NDAs and BLAs and certain supplements to an NDA or BLA must contain data to assess
the safety and efficacy of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration
for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of pediatric
data or full or partial waivers. The Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act, or FDASIA, amended the FDCA to require that
a sponsor who is planning to submit a marketing application for a drug that includes a new active ingredient, new indication, new dosage
form, new dosing regimen, or new route of administration submit an initial Pediatric Study Plan, or PSP, within 60 days of an end-of-Phase
2 meeting or, if there is no such meeting, as early as practicable before the initiation of the Phase 3 or Phase 2/3 study. The initial
PSP must include an outline of the pediatric study or studies that the sponsor plans to conduct, including study objectives and design,
age groups, relevant endpoints and statistical approach, or a justification for not including such detailed information, and any request
for a deferral of pediatric assessments or a full or partial waiver of the requirement to provide data from pediatric studies along with
supporting information. The FDA and the sponsor must reach an agreement on the PSP. A sponsor can submit amendments to an agreed-upon
initial PSP at any time if changes to the pediatric plan need to be considered based on data collected from preclinical studies, early
phase clinical trials, and/or other clinical development programs. 

Changes
to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, manufacturing processes
or facilities, require submission and FDA approval of a new NDA or BLA, or an NDA or BLA supplement, before the change can be implemented.
An NDA or BLA supplement for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the original application, and the FDA
uses the same procedures and actions in reviewing NDA and BLA supplements as it does in reviewing NDAs and BLAs. 

Drug
and biological products must also comply with applicable requirements, including monitoring and recordkeeping activities, manufacturing
requirements, reporting to the applicable regulatory authorities of adverse experiences with the product, providing the regulatory authorities
with updated safety and efficacy information, product sampling and distribution requirements, and complying with promotion and advertising
requirements, which include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, restrictions on promoting drugs for uses or
in patient populations that are not described in the drug s approved labeling, or off-label use, limitations on industry-sponsored
scientific and educational activities and requirements for promotional activities involving the internet. Although physicians may, in
their independent professional medical judgment, prescribe legally available drugs for off-label uses, manufacturers typically may not
market or promote such off-label uses. Modifications or enhancements to the product or its labeling, or changes of the site of manufacture,
are often subject to the approval of the FDA and other regulators, who may or may not grant approval or may include a lengthy review
process. 

We
have determined that, under the FDA s current interpretation of the applicable law, our BRTX-100 product candidate will
be regulated as a biological product under the PHSA. Therefore, we will need to expend significant resources to ensure regulatory compliance.
There is no assurance as to whether or when we will receive FDA approval of the BRTX-100 product candidate. The process of designing,
conducting, compiling and submitting the non-clinical and clinical studies required for BLA approval is time-consuming, expensive and
unpredictable. The process can take many years, depending on the product and the FDA s requirements. 

In
addition, even if a product candidate receives regulatory approval, the approval may be limited to specific disease states, patient populations
and dosages, or might contain significant limitations on use in the form of warnings, precautions or contraindications, or in the form
of onerous risk management plans, restrictions on distribution or use, or post-marketing trial requirements. Further, even after regulatory
approval is obtained, later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product may result in restrictions on the product, including
safety labeling or imposition of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, the requirement to conduct post-market studies or
clinical trials or even complete withdrawal of the product from the market. Delay in obtaining, or failure to obtain, regulatory approval
for our products, or obtaining approval but for significantly limited use, would harm our business. Further, we cannot predict what adverse
governmental regulations may arise from future United States or foreign governmental action. 

If
the FDA determines that we have failed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, it can impose a variety of enforcement actions
from public warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties to suspension or delayed issuance of approvals,
seizure of our products, total or partial shutdown of our production, withdrawal of approvals, and criminal prosecutions. If any of these
events were to occur, it could materially adversely affect us. 

22 

FDA
Expedited Review Programs 

The
FDA is authorized to expedite the review of NDAs and BLAs in several ways. Under the Fast Track program, the sponsor of a drug or biologic
product candidate may request the FDA to designate the product for a specific indication as a Fast Track product concurrent with or after
the filing of the IND. Drug and biologic products are eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or
life-threatening condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Fast Track designation applies
to the combination of the product candidate and the specific indication for which it is being studied. 

In
addition to other benefits, such as the ability to have greater interactions with the FDA, the FDA may initiate review of sections of
a Fast Track NDA or BLA before the application is complete, a process known as rolling review. 

Any
product submitted to the FDA for marketing, including under a Fast Track program, may also be eligible for the following other types
of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review: 

Breakthrough therapy designation. To qualify for the breakthrough therapy program, product candidates must be intended to treat a serious
or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence must indicate that such product candidates may demonstrate
substantial improvement on one or more clinically significant endpoints over existing therapies. The FDA will seek to ensure the sponsor
of a breakthrough therapy product candidate receives intensive guidance on an efficient drug development program, intensive involvement
of senior managers and experienced staff on a proactive, collaborative and cross-disciplinary review, and rolling review. 

Priority review. A product candidate is eligible for priority review if it treats a serious condition and, if approved, it would be a
significant improvement in the safety or effectiveness of the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a serious condition compared to marketed
products. The FDA aims to complete its review of priority review applications within six months as opposed to ten months for standard
review. 

Accelerated approval. Drug or biologic products studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening illnesses
and that provide meaningful therapeutic benefit over existing treatments may receive accelerated approval. Accelerated approval means
that a product candidate may be approved on the basis of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials establishing that the product candidate
has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict a clinical benefit, or on the basis of an effect on a clinical
endpoint other than survival or irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity
and prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require
that a sponsor of a drug or biologic product candidate receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing
clinical trials. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-approval of promotional materials.
As a result of the FDA s controversial use of the accelerated approval pathway for an Alzheimer s drug (aducanumab), Congress
revised the accelerated approval process as a part of the Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act of 2022 to provide the FDA with additional
authorities to enforce the post-approval study requirements and to withdraw approvals when those requirements are not met. 

Fast
Track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, priority review and accelerated approval do not change the standards for approval
but may expedite the development or approval process. 

Further,
with the passage of the 21st Century Cures Act, or the Cures Act, in December 2016, Congress authorized the FDA to accelerate review
and approval of products designated as regenerative advanced therapies. A product is eligible for this designation if it is a regenerative
medicine advanced therapy, or RMAT (which may include a cell therapy), that is intended to treat, modify, reverse or cure a serious or
life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug has the potential to address unmet medical
needs for such disease or condition. The benefits of a RMAT designation include early interactions with the FDA to expedite development
and review, benefits available to breakthrough therapies, potential eligibility for priority review and accelerated approval based on
surrogate or intermediate endpoints. 

Medical
Device Regulation 

The
FDA also has broad authority over the regulation of medical devices marketed for sale in the United States. The FDA regulates the research,
clinical testing, manufacturing, safety, labeling, storage, recordkeeping, premarket clearance or approval, promotion, distribution,
and production of medical devices. The FDA also regulates the export of medical devices manufactured in the United States to international
markets. 

23 

Under
the FDCA, medical devices are classified into one of three classes, Class I, Class II, or Class III, depending upon the degree of risk
associated with the medical device and the extent of control needed to ensure safety and effectiveness. Class I devices are subject to
the lowest degree of regulatory scrutiny because they are considered low risk devices and need only comply with the FDA s General
Controls. The General Controls include compliance with the registration, listing, adverse event reporting requirements, and applicable
portions of the Quality System Regulation as well as the general misbranding and adulteration prohibitions. 

Class
II devices are subject to the General Controls as well as certain Special Controls such as 510(k) premarket notification. Class III devices
are subject to the highest degree of regulatory scrutiny and typically include life supporting and life sustaining devices and implants.
They are subject to the General Controls and Special Controls that include a premarket approval application, or PMA. New 
devices are automatically regulated as Class III devices unless they are shown to be low risk, in which case they may be subject to de
novo review to be moved to Class I or Class II. Clinical research of an investigational device is subject to the FDA s Investigational
Device Exemption, or IDE, regulations. Nonsignificant risk devices are subject to abbreviated requirements that do not require a submission
to the FDA but must have Institutional Review Board (IRB) approval and comply with other requirements pertaining to informed consent,
labeling, recordkeeping, reporting, and monitoring. Significant risk devices require the submission of an IDE application to the FDA
and the FDA s approval of the IDE application. 

The
FDA premarket clearance and approval process can be lengthy, expensive and uncertain. It generally takes three to twelve months from
submission to obtain 510(k) premarket clearance, although it may take longer. Approval of a PMA could take one to four years, or more,
from the time the application is submitted and there is no guarantee of ultimate clearance or approval. Securing FDA clearances and approvals
may require the submission of extensive clinical data and supporting information to the FDA. Additionally, the FDA actively enforces
regulations prohibiting marketing and promotion of devices for indications or uses that have not been cleared or approved by the FDA.
In addition, modifications or enhancements of products that could affect the safety or effectiveness or effect a major change in the
intended use of a device that was either cleared through the 510(k) process or approved through the PMA process may require further FDA
review through new 510(k) or PMA submissions. 

In
the event we develop processes, products or services which qualify as medical devices subject to FDA regulation, we intend to comply
with such regulations. If the FDA determines that our products are regulated as medical devices and we have failed to comply with applicable
regulatory requirements, it can impose a variety of enforcement actions from public warning letters, application integrity proceedings,
fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties to suspension or delayed issuance of approvals, seizure of our products, total
or partial shutdown of our production, withdrawal of approvals, and criminal prosecutions. If any of these events were to occur, it could
materially adversely affect us. 

Current
Good Manufacturing Practices and other FDA Regulations of Cellular Therapy Products 

Products
that fall outside of the HCT/P regulations and are regulated as drugs, biological products, or devices must comply with applicable cGMP
regulations. These cGMPs and related quality standards are designed to ensure the products that are processed at a facility meet the
FDA s applicable requirements for identity, strength, quality, sterility, purity, and safety. In the event that our domestic United
States operations are subject to the FDA s drug, biological product, or device regulations, we intend to comply with the applicable
cGMPs and quality regulations. 

If
the FDA determines that we have failed to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, it can impose a variety of enforcement actions
from public warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties to suspension or delayed issuance of approvals,
seizure of our products, total or partial shutdown of our production, withdrawal of approvals, and criminal prosecutions. If any of these
events were to occur, it could materially adversely affect us. 

24 

Promotion
of Foreign-Based Cellular Therapy Treatment Medical Tourism 

We
may establish, or license technology to third parties in connection with their establishment of, adult stem cell therapy facilities outside
the United States. We also intend to work with hospitals and physicians to make the stem cell-based therapies available for patients
who travel outside the United States for treatment. Medical tourism is defined as the practice of traveling across international
borders to obtain health care. 

The
Federal Trade Commission, or the FTC, has the authority to regulate and police advertising of medical treatments, procedures, and regimens
in the United States under the Federal Trade Commission Act, or the FTCA. The FTC has regulatory authority to prevent unfair and deceptive
practices and false advertising. Specifically, the FTC requires advertisers and promoters to have a reasonable basis to substantiate
and support claims. The FTC has many enforcement powers, one of which is the power to order disgorgement by promoters deemed in violation
of the FTCA of any profits made from the promoted business and can order injunctions from further violative promotion. Advertising that
we may utilize in connection with our medical tourism operations will be subject to FTC regulatory authority, and we intend to comply
with such regulatory r gime. Similar laws and requirements are likely to exist in other countries and we intend to comply with
such requirements. 

Federal
Regulation of Clinical Laboratories 

Congress
passed the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments, or CLIA, in 1988, which provided the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services,
or CMS, authority over all laboratory testing, except research, that is performed on humans in the United States. The Division of Laboratory
Services, within the Survey and Certification Group, under the Center for Medicaid and State Operations, or CMSO, has the responsibility
for implementing the CLIA program. 

The
CLIA program is designed to establish quality laboratory testing by ensuring the accuracy, reliability, and timeliness of patient test
results. Under CLIA, a laboratory is a facility that does laboratory testing on specimens derived from humans and used to provide information
for the diagnosis, prevention, treatment of disease, or impairment of, or assessment of health. Laboratories that handle stem cells and
other biologic matter are, therefore, included under the CLIA program. Under the CLIA program, laboratories must be certified by the
government, satisfy governmental quality and personnel standards, undergo proficiency testing, be subject to inspections, and pay fees.
To the extent that our business activities require CLIA certification, we intend to obtain and maintain such certification. If we are
subject to CLIA, the failure to comply with CLIA standards could result in suspension, revocation, or limitation of a laboratory s
CLIA certificate. In addition, fines or criminal penalties could also be levied. If any of these events were to occur, it could impact
our business operations. 

Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act Protection of Patient Health Information 

We
may be subject to data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business.
The Health Insurance Portability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health
Act, or HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, including the Final Omnibus Rule published on January 25, 2013, imposes
specified requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information on certain
types of individuals and organizations. In addition, certain state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in certain
circumstances, many of which differ from each other and from HIPAA in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating
compliance efforts. Further, we may need to also comply with additional federal or state privacy laws and regulations that may apply
to certain diagnoses, such as HIV/AIDS, to the extent that they apply to us. 

The
Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, through its Office for Civil Rights, investigates breach reports and determines whether
administrative or technical modifications are required and whether civil or criminal sanctions should be imposed. Companies failing to
comply with HIPAA and the implementing regulations may also be subject to civil money penalties or in the case of knowing violations,
potential criminal penalties, including monetary fines, imprisonment, or both. In some cases, the State Attorneys General may seek enforcement
and appropriate sanctions in federal court. 

25 

Other
Applicable U.S. Laws 

In
addition to the above-described regulation by United States federal and state government, the following are other federal and state laws
and regulations that could directly or indirectly affect our ability to operate the business: 

state
 and local licensure, registration, and regulation of the development of pharmaceuticals and biologics; 

state
 and local licensure of medical professionals; 

state
 statutes and regulations related to the corporate practice of medicine; 

laws
 and regulations administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection related to the importation of biological material into the United
 States; 

other
 laws and regulations administered by the FDA; 

other
 laws and regulations administered by HHS; 

state
 and local laws and regulations governing human subject research and clinical trials; 

the
 federal physician self-referral prohibition, also known as Stark Law, and any state equivalents to Stark Law; 

the
 federal False Claims Act, or FCA; 

the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute, or AKS, and any state equivalent statutes and regulations; 

federal
 and state coverage and reimbursement laws and regulations; 

state
 and local laws and regulations for the disposal and handling of medical waste and biohazardous material; 

Occupational
 Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA, regulations and requirements; 

the
 Intermediate Sanctions rules of the IRS providing for potential financial sanctions with respect to excess benefit transactions 
 with tax-exempt organizations; 

the
 Physician Payments Sunshine Act (in the event that our products are classified as drugs, biologics, devices or medical supplies and
 are reimbursed by Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program); 

state
 and other federal laws addressing the privacy of health information; and 

state
 and foreign law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items
 or services reimbursed by any third-party payer, including commercial insurers, state laws that require pharmaceutical companies
 to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated
 by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare professionals and other potential referral
 sources, state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians
 and other healthcare professionals or marketing expenditures, and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information
 in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating
 compliance efforts. 

Violation
of any of the laws described above or any other governmental laws and regulations may result in penalties, including civil and criminal
penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or restructuring of operations, the exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare
programs and imprisonment. Furthermore, efforts to ensure that business activities and business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare
laws and regulations can be costly for manufacturers of branded prescription products. 

Foreign
Government Regulation 

In
general, we will need to comply with the government regulations of each individual country in which our therapy centers are located and
products are to be distributed and sold. These regulations vary in complexity and can be as stringent, and on occasion even more stringent,
than FDA regulations in the United States. Due to the fact that there are new and emerging cell therapy regulations that have recently
been drafted and/or implemented in various countries around the world, the application and subsequent implementation of these new and
emerging regulations have little to no precedence. Therefore, the level of complexity and stringency is not always precisely understood
for each country, creating greater uncertainty for the international regulatory process. Furthermore, government regulations can change
with little to no notice and may result in up-regulation of our product(s), thereby creating a greater regulatory burden for our cell
processing technology products. We have not yet thoroughly explored the applicable laws and regulations that we will need to comply with
in foreign jurisdictions. It is possible that we may not be permitted to expand our business into one or more foreign jurisdictions. 

We
do not have any definitive plans or arrangements with respect to the establishment by us of stem cell therapy clinics in any country.
We intend to explore any such opportunities as they arise. 

26 

Offices 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 40 Marcus Drive, Suite One, Melville, New York, and our telephone number is (631) 760-8100.
Our website is www.biorestorative.com. Our internet website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended
to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. 

Employees 

We
currently have 10 employees, all of whom are full-time employees. We believe that our employee relations are good. 

ITEM
 1A . 
 RISK
 FACTORS . 

The
risk factors listed in this section provide examples of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause our actual results to differ materially
from the expectations we describe in our forward-looking statements. Readers should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events
described in these risk factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events, or otherwise. 

Preceding
the full risk factors is a list of certain of the risk factors that follow. Reference is made to the complete risk factors for a full
description of the risks involved. 

Risks
Related to Our Business Generally 

We
 have a limited operating history; we have incurred substantial losses since inception; we
 expect to continue to incur losses for the near term. 
 
 We
 will need to obtain a significant amount of financing to complete our clinical trials and
 implement our business plan. 
 
 We
 will need to enter into agreements in order to implement our business strategy. 
 
 We
 depend on our executive officers and on our ability to attract and retain additional qualified
 personnel. 

Risks
Related to Our Cell Therapy Product Development Efforts 

Our
 future success is significantly dependent on the timely and successful development and commercialization
 of BRTX-100, our lead product candidate for the treatment of chronic lumbar disc disease;
 if we encounter delays or difficulties in the development of this product candidate, as well
 as any other product candidates, our business prospects would be significantly harmed. 
 
 We
 may experience delays and other difficulties in enrolling a sufficient number of patients
 in our clinical trials which could delay or prevent the receipt of necessary regulatory approvals. 
 
 The
 development of our cell therapy product candidates is subject to uncertainty because autologous
 cell therapy is inherently variable. 
 
 Any
 disruption to our access to the media (including cell culture media) and reagents we are
 using in the clinical development of our cell therapy product candidates could adversely
 affect our ability to perform clinical trials and seek future regulatory submissions. 
 
 Our
 clinical trials may fail to demonstrate adequately the safety and efficacy of our product
 candidates, which would prevent or delay regulatory approval and commercialization. 
 
 Even
 if we complete the necessary clinical trials, we cannot predict when, or if, we will obtain
 regulatory approval to commercialize a product candidate, and the approval may be for a narrower
 indication than we seek. 
 
 We
 may never obtain FDA approval for any of our product candidates in the United States and,
 even if we do, we may never obtain approval for or commercialize any of our product candidates
 in any foreign jurisdiction, which would limit our ability to realize our full market potential. 
 
 We
 presently lack manufacturing capabilities to produce our product candidates in connection
 with our Phase 3 clinical trial and at commercial scale quantities and do not have an alternate
 manufacturing supply, which could negatively impact our ability to meet any future demand
 for the products. 

27 

The
 commercial potential and profitability of our products are unknown and subject to significant
 risk and uncertainty. 
 
 We
 may have difficulties in sourcing brown adipose (fat) tissue. 
 
 If
 safety problems are encountered by us or others developing new stem cell-based therapies,
 our stem cell initiatives could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We
 are vulnerable to competition and technological change, and also to physicians inertia. 
 
 We
 have limited experience in the development and marketing of cell therapies and may be unsuccessful
 in our efforts to establish a profitable business. 
 
 Our
 cell therapy business is based on novel technologies that are inherently expensive, risky
 and may not be understood by or accepted in the marketplace, which could adversely affect
 our future value. 
 
 Our
 cell therapy product candidates for which we intend to seek approval as biologic products
 may face competition sooner than anticipated. 
 
 We
 may be subject to significant product liability claims and litigation, including potential
 exposure from the use of our product candidates in human subjects, and our insurance may
 be inadequate to cover claims that may arise. 
 
 Our
 internal computer systems, or those that are expected to be used by our clinical investigators,
 clinical research organizations or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security
 breaches, which could result in a material disruption of development programs for our product
 candidates. 
 
 Our
 inability to obtain reimbursement for our products and services from private and governmental
 insurers could negatively impact demand for our products and services. 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

We
 may not be able to protect our proprietary rights. 
 
 Changes
 to United States patent law may have a material adverse effect on our intellectual property
 rights. 
 
 In
 certain countries, patent holders may be required to grant compulsory licenses, which would
 likely have a significant and detrimental effect on any future revenues in such country. 

Risks
Related to Government Regulation 

Even
 if we obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, our products will remain subject
 to regulatory oversight. 
 
 We
 may be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws,
 false claims laws and health information privacy and security laws. If we are unable to comply,
 or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 
 
 The
 failure to receive regulatory approvals for our cell therapy product candidates would likely
 have a material and adverse effect on our business and prospects. 
 
 If
 we are unable to conduct clinical studies in accordance with regulations and accepted standards,
 we may be delayed in receiving, or may never receive, regulatory approvals of our product
 candidates from the FDA and other regulatory authorities. 
 
 Health
 care companies have been the subjects of federal and state investigations, and we could become
 subject to investigations in the future. 
 
 It
 is uncertain to what extent the government, private health insurers and third-party payors
 will approve coverage or provide reimbursement for the therapies and products to which our
 services relate. Availability for such reimbursement may be further limited by reductions
 in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare program funding in the United States. 
 
 Competitor
 companies or hospitals in the EU may be able to take advantage of EU rules permitting sales
 of unlicensed medicines for individual patients to sell competing products without a marketing
 authorization. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

We
 pay no dividends. 
 
 Stockholders
 who hold unregistered shares of our common stock are subject to resale restrictions pursuant
 to Rule 144 due to our former status as a shell company. 

28 

Material
 weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting may cause us to fail to timely
 and accurately report our financial results or result in a material misstatement of our consolidated
 financial statements. 
 
 There
 may be significant future issuances or resales of our common stock which may materially and
 adversely dilute stockholders ownership interest and affect the market price of our
 securities. 
 
 Anti-takeover
 provisions and the regulations to which we may be subject may make it more difficult for
 a third party to acquire control of us, even if the change in control would be beneficial
 to our securityholders. 
 
 Our
 common stock is classified as a penny stock; the restrictions of the penny
 stock regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission may result in less liquidity
 for our common stock. 

Risks
Associated with Our Nasdaq Listing 

We
 cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to comply with the minimum bid price requirement
 of Nasdaq. 
 
 The
 market price of our common stock may not attract new investors, including institutional investors,
 and may not satisfy the investing requirements of those investors. Consequently, the trading
 liquidity of our common stock may not improve. 

Risks
Related to Our Business Generally 

We
have a limited operating history; we have incurred substantial losses since inception; we expect to continue to incur losses for the
near term. 

We
have a limited operating history. Since our inception, we have incurred net losses. As of December 31, 2022, our accumulated deficit
was 152,640,897. 

We
will need to obtain a significant amount of financing to complete our clinical trials and implement our business plan. 

Since
our inception, we have not generated revenues from our operations and have funded our operations through the sale of our equity securities
and debt securities. The implementation of our business plan, as discussed in this Annual Report under Item 1 Business ),
will require the receipt of sufficient equity and/or debt financing to purchase necessary equipment, technology and materials, fund our
clinical trials and other research and development efforts and otherwise fund our operations. We will require significant additional
funding to complete our clinical trials using BRTX-100 . We will also require a substantial amount of additional funding to implement
our other programs described in this Annual Report under Item 1 Business ), including our metabolic ThermoStem Program,
 and fund general operations. No assurance can be given that the amount of funding that we anticipate may be required for such purposes
is correct or that we will be able to accomplish our goals within the timeframes projected. In addition, no assurance can be given that
we will be able to obtain any required financing on commercially reasonable terms or otherwise. In the event we do not obtain the financing
required for the above purposes, we may have to curtail our development, marketing and promotional activities, which would have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and ultimately we could be forced to discontinue our operations
and liquidate. 

Our
business strategy is high risk. 

We
are focusing our resources and efforts primarily on the development of cellular-based products and services which will require extensive
cash for research, development and commercialization activities. This is a high-risk strategy because there is no assurance that our
products and services, including our Disc/Spine Program and our ThermoStem metabolic brown fat research initiative, will
ever become commercially viable (commercial risk), that we will prevent other companies from depriving us of market share and profit
margins by offering services and products based on our inventions and developments (legal risk), that we will successfully manage a company
in a new area of business, regenerative medicine, and on a different scale than we have operated in the past (operational risk), that
we will be able to achieve the desired therapeutic results using stem and regenerative cells (scientific risk), or that our cash resources
will be adequate to develop our products and services until we become profitable, if ever (financial risk). We are using our cash in
one of the riskiest industries in the economy (strategic risk). This may make our securities an unsuitable investment for many investors. 

29 

We
will need to enter into agreements in order to implement our business strategy. 

Except
for a certain license agreement with Regenerative Sciences, LLC and agreements relating to the conduct of our Phase 2 clinical trial,
we do not have any material agreements or understandings in place with respect to the implementation of our business strategy. No assurances
can be given that we will be able to enter into any necessary agreements with respect to the development of our business. Our inability
to enter into any such agreements would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We
depend on our executive officers and on our ability to attract and retain additional qualified personnel. 

Our
performance is substantially dependent on the performance of Lance Alstodt, our Chief Executive Officer. We rely upon him for strategic
business decisions and guidance. We are also dependent on the performance of Francisco Silva, our Vice President of Research and Development.
Each of Messrs. Alstodt and Silva is subject to an employment agreement with us. We do not have any key-man insurance policies on the
lives of either of our executive officers. We believe that our future success in developing marketable products and services and achieving
a competitive position will depend in large part upon whether we can attract and retain additional qualified management and scientific
personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain such personnel.
The loss of the services of Mr. Alstodt and/or Mr. Silva or the inability to attract and retain additional personnel and develop expertise
as needed would have a substantial negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

The
impact of COVID-19 and related risks could materially affect our results of operations and prospects . 

Beginning
in March 2020, the global pandemic related to the novel coronavirus COVID-19 began to impact the global economy. Because of the size
and breadth of this pandemic, all of the direct and indirect consequences of COVID-19 are not yet known and may not emerge for some time.
Risks presented by the ongoing effects of COVID-19 include, among others, the following: 

Clinical
Trials. We anticipate that the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively impact our clinical trials. Due to the worldwide efforts being taken
to combat COVID-19 and the increased clinical work being done in this respect, we believe that it may be difficult for certain needed
laboratory supplies, equipment and other materials to be obtained in order to conduct our clinical trials. We also anticipate that, due
to a fear of COVID-19 transmission, there may be a hesitancy on the part of certain individuals to become clinical trial participants.
We believe that these possible negative effects have lessened as more of the population has become vaccinated; however, the impact that
the vaccinations will have is uncertain at this time. 

Adverse
Legislative and/or Regulatory Action. Federal, state and local government actions to address and contain the impact of COVID-19 may
adversely affect us. For example, we may be subject to legislative and/or regulatory action that negatively impacts the manner in which
the clinical trials may be conducted. 

Operational
Disruptions and Heightened Cybersecurity Risks. Our operations could be disrupted if key members of our senior management or a significant
percentage of our workforce are unable to continue to work because of illness, government directives or otherwise. In addition, in connection
with increased remote working arrangements, we face a heightened risk of cybersecurity attacks or data security incidents and are more
dependent on internet and telecommunications access and capabilities. 

Risks
Related to Our Cell Therapy Product Development Efforts 

Our
future success is significantly dependent on the timely and successful development and commercialization of BRTX-100, our lead product
candidate for the treatment of chronic lumbar disc disease; if we encounter delays or difficulties in the development of this product
candidate, as well as any other product candidates, our business prospects would be significantly harmed. 

We
are dependent upon the successful development, approval and commercialization of our product candidates. Before we are able to seek regulatory
approval of our product candidates, we must conduct and complete extensive clinical trials to demonstrate their safety and efficacy in
humans. Our lead product candidate, BRTX-100 , is in early stages of development and we have just recently commenced a Phase 2
clinical trial using BRTX-100 to treat chronic lower back pain due to degenerative disc disease related to protruding/bulging
discs. 

30 

Clinical
testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, and can take many years to complete. Importantly, a failure of one or more of
these or any other clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result
of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to complete our clinical studies, receive regulatory approval or commercialize
our cell therapy product candidates, including the following: 

suspensions,
 delays or changes in the design, initiation, enrollment, implementation or completion of required clinical trials; adverse changes
 in our financial position or significant and unexpected increases in the cost of our clinical development program; changes or uncertainties
 in, or additions to, the regulatory approval process that require us to alter our current development strategy; clinical trial results
 that are negative, inconclusive or less than desired as to safety and/or efficacy, which could result in the need for additional
 clinical studies or the termination of the product s development; delays in our ability to manufacture the product in quantities
 or in a form that is suitable for any required clinical trials; 

intellectual
 property constraints that prevent us from making, using, or commercializing any of our cell therapy product candidates; 

the
 supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of these product candidates may
 be insufficient or inadequate; the inability to generate sufficient pre-clinical, toxicology, or other in vivo or in vitro data,
 to support the initiation of clinical studies; 

delays
 in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective clinical study sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation
 and may vary significantly among different clinical study sites; 

delays
 in obtaining required Institutional Review Board, or IRB, approval at each clinical study site; 

imposition
 of a temporary or permanent clinical hold by regulatory agencies for a number of reasons, including after review of an IND application
 or amendment, or equivalent application or amendment; as a result of a new safety finding that presents unreasonable risk to clinical
 trial participants; a negative finding from an inspection of our clinical study operations or study sites; developments on trials
 conducted by competitors or approved products post-market for related technology that raise FDA concerns about risk to patients of
 the technology broadly; or if the FDA finds that the investigational protocol or plan is clearly deficient to meet its stated objectives; 

difficulty
 collaborating with patient groups and investigators; 

failure
 by our CRO, other third parties, or us to adhere to clinical study requirements; 

failure
 to perform in accordance with the FDA s current Good Clinical Practices, or GCP, requirements, or applicable regulatory guidelines
 in other countries; 

delays
 in having patients qualify for or complete participation in a study or return for post-treatment follow-up; 

patients
 dropping out of a study; 

occurrence
 of adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits; 

changes
 in the standard of care on which a clinical development plan was based, which may require new or additional trials; 

transfer
 of manufacturing processes from any academic collaborators to larger-scale facilities operated by either a contract manufacturing
 organization, or CMO, or by us, and delays or failure by our CMOs or us to make any necessary changes to such manufacturing process; 

delays
 in our clinical trials caused by the COVID-19 pandemic or other health emergencies; 

delays
 in manufacturing, testing, releasing, validating, or importing/exporting sufficient stable quantities of our product candidates for
 use in clinical studies or the inability to do any of the foregoing; 

the
 FDA may not accept clinical data from trials that are conducted at clinical sites in countries where the standard of care is potentially
 different from the United States; and 

failure
 to raise sufficient funds to complete our clinical trials. 

31 

Any
inability to successfully complete pre-clinical and clinical development could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability
to generate revenue. In addition, if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to our product candidates, we may be required, or we
may elect, to conduct additional studies to bridge our modified product candidates to earlier versions. Clinical study delays could also
shorten any periods during which our products have patent protection and may allow our competitors to bring products to market before
we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business and results of operations. 

Even
if we are able to successfully complete our clinical development program for our product candidates, and ultimately receive regulatory
approval to market one or more of the products, we may, among other things: 

obtain
 approval for indications that are not as broad as the indications we sought; 

have
 the product removed from the market after obtaining marketing approval; 

encounter
 issues with respect to the manufacturing of commercial supplies; 

be
 subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; and/or 

be
 subject to restrictions on how the product is distributed or used. 

We
anticipate that we will not be able to commercialize our BRTX-100 product candidate for at least five years. 

We
may experience delays and other difficulties in enrolling a sufficient number of patients in our clinical trials which could delay or
prevent the receipt of necessary regulatory approvals. 

We
may not be able to initiate or complete as planned any clinical trials if we are unable to identify and enroll a sufficient number of
eligible patients to participate in the clinical trials required by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. We also may be unable to
engage a sufficient number of clinical trial sites to conduct our trials. 

We
may face challenges in enrolling patients to participate in our clinical trials due to the novelty of our cell-based therapies, the size
of the patient populations and the eligibility criteria for enrollment in the trial, and potential subjects concern over the COVID-19
pandemic. In addition, some patients may have concerns regarding cell therapy that may negatively affect their perception of therapies
under development and their decision to enroll in the trials. Furthermore, patients suffering from diseases within target indications
may enroll in competing clinical trials, which could negatively affect our ability to complete enrollment of our trials. Enrollment challenges
in clinical trials often result in increased development costs for a product candidate, significant delays and potentially the abandonment
of the clinical trial. 

We
may have other delays in completing our clinical trials and we may not complete them at all. 

We
have just recently commenced the clinical trials necessary to obtain FDA approval to market our product candidate, BRTX-100 . Since
we lack significant experience in completing clinical trials and bringing a drug through commercialization, we have hired outside consultants
with such experience. Clinical trials for BRTX-100 and other product candidates in development may be delayed or terminated as
a result of many factors, including the following: 

patients
 failing to complete clinical trials due to dissatisfaction with the treatment, side effects, concerns over COVID-19, or other reasons; 

failure
 by regulators to authorize us to commence a clinical trial; 

suspension
 or termination by regulators of clinical research for many reasons, including concerns about patient safety, the failure of study
 sites and/or investigators in our clinical research program to comply with GCP requirements, or our failure, or the failure of our
 contract manufacturers, to comply with current cGMP requirements; 

delays
 or failure to obtain clinical supply for our products necessary to conduct clinical trials from contract manufacturers; 

treatment
 candidates demonstrating a lack of efficacy during clinical trials; 

32 

treatment
 candidates demonstrating significant safety signals; and/or 

inability
 to continue to fund clinical trials or to find a partner to fund the clinical trials. 

Any
delay or failure to complete clinical trials and obtain FDA approval for our product candidates could have a material adverse effect
on our cost to develop and commercialize, and our ability to generate revenue from, a particular product candidate. 

The
development of our cell therapy product candidates is subject to uncertainty because autologous cell therapy is inherently variable. 

When
manufacturing an autologous cell therapy, the number and composition of the cell population varies from patient to patient. Such variability
in the number and composition of these cells could adversely affect our ability to manufacture autologous cell therapies in a cost-effective
or profitable manner and meet acceptable product release specifications for use in a clinical trial or, if approved, for commercial sale.
As a consequence, the development and regulatory approval process for autologous cell therapy products could be delayed or may never
be completed. 

Any
disruption to our access to the media (including cell culture media) and reagents we are using in the clinical development of our cell
therapy product candidates could adversely affect our ability to perform clinical trials and seek future regulatory submissions. 

Certain
media (including cell culture media) and reagents, as well as devices, materials and systems, that we intend to use in our clinical trials,
and that we may need or use in commercial production, are provided by unaffiliated third parties. Any lack of continued availability
of these media, reagents, devices, materials and systems for any reason would have a material adverse effect on our ability to complete
these studies and could adversely impact our ability to achieve commercial manufacture of our planned therapeutic products. Although
other available sources for these media, reagents, devices, materials and systems may exist in the marketplace, we have not evaluated
their cost, effectiveness, or intellectual property foundation and therefore cannot guarantee the suitability or availability of such
other potential sources. 

Products
that appear promising in research and development may be delayed or may fail to reach later stages of clinical development. 

The
successful development of cellular based products is highly uncertain. Product candidates that appear promising in preclinical and early
research and development may be delayed or fail to reach later stages of development. Decisions regarding the further development of
product candidates must be made with limited and incomplete data, which makes it difficult to ensure or even accurately predict whether
the allocation of limited resources and the expenditure of additional capital on specific product candidates will result in desired outcomes.
Pre-clinical and clinical data can be interpreted in different ways, and negative or inconclusive results or adverse events during a
clinical trial could delay, limit or prevent the development of a product candidate. Positive preclinical data may not continue or occur
for future subjects in our clinical studies and may not be repeated or observed in ongoing or future studies involving our product candidates.
Furthermore, our product candidates may also fail to show the desired safety and efficacy in later stages of clinical development despite
having successfully advanced through initial clinical studies. In addition, regulatory delays or rejections may be encountered as a result
of many factors, including changes in regulatory policy during the period of product development. 

Our
clinical trials may fail to demonstrate adequately the safety and efficacy of our product candidates, which would prevent or delay regulatory
approval and commercialization. 

The
clinical trials of our product candidates are, and the manufacturing and marketing of our products will be, subject to extensive and
rigorous review and regulation by numerous government authorities in the United States and in other countries where we intend to test
and market our product candidates. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any of our product candidates, we
must demonstrate through lengthy, complex and expensive preclinical testing and clinical trials that our product candidates are both
safe and effective for use in each target indication. In particular, because some of our product candidates are subject to regulation
as biological drug products, we will need to demonstrate that those products are safe, pure, and potent for use in their target indications.
Each product candidate must demonstrate an adequate risk versus benefit profile in its intended patient population and for its intended
use. The risk/benefit profile required for product licensure will vary depending on these factors and may include decrease or elimination
of pain, adequate duration of response, a delay in the progression of the disease, an improvement in function and/or decrease in disability. 

33 

In
addition, even if such trials are successfully completed, we cannot guarantee that the FDA will interpret the results as we do, and more
trials could be required before we submit our product candidates for approval. To the extent that the results of the trials are not satisfactory
to the FDA for support of a marketing application, we may be required to expend significant resources, which may not be available to
us, to conduct additional trials in support of potential approval of our product candidates. 

Even
if we complete the necessary clinical trials, we cannot predict when, or if, we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize a product
candidate, and the approval may be for a narrower indication than we seek. 

We
cannot commercialize a product candidate until the appropriate regulatory authorities have reviewed and approved the product candidate.
Even if our product candidates meet their safety and efficacy endpoints in clinical trials, the regulatory authorities may not complete
their review processes in a timely manner, or we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval. Additional delays may result if an FDA
Advisory Committee or other regulatory authority recommends non-approval or restrictions or conditions on approval. In addition, we may
experience delays or rejections based upon additional government regulation from future legislation or administrative action, or changes
in regulatory authority policy during the period of product development, clinical trials and the review process. Regulatory authorities
also may approve a product candidate for more limited indications than requested or they may impose significant limitations in the form
of narrow indications, contraindications or a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS. These regulatory authorities may require
warnings or precautions with respect to conditions of use or they may grant approval subject to the performance of costly post-marketing
clinical trials. In addition, regulatory authorities may not approve the labeling claims or allow the promotional claims that are necessary
or desirable for the successful commercialization of our product candidates. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the
commercial prospects for our product candidates and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. 

We
may never obtain FDA approval for any of our product candidates in the United States and, even if we do, we may never obtain approval
for or commercialize any of our product candidates in any foreign jurisdiction, which would limit our ability to realize our full market
potential. 

In
order to eventually market any of our product candidates in any particular foreign jurisdiction, we must establish and comply with numerous
and varying regulatory requirements regarding safety and efficacy on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis. Approval by the FDA in the
United States, if obtained, does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions. In addition, preclinical
studies and clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries, and regulatory
approval in one country does not guarantee regulatory approval in any other country. 

Approval
processes vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and validation and additional administrative review periods.
Seeking foreign regulatory approval could result in difficulties and costs for us and require additional preclinical studies or clinical
trials which could be costly and time consuming. Regulatory requirements can vary widely from country to country and could delay or prevent
the introduction of our product candidates in those countries. The foreign regulatory approval process involves similar risks to those
associated with FDA approval. We do not have any product candidates approved for sale in any jurisdiction, including international markets,
nor have we attempted to obtain such approval. If we fail to comply with regulatory requirements in international markets or to obtain
and maintain required approvals, or if regulatory approvals in international markets are delayed, our target market will be reduced and
our ability to realize the full market potential of our products may be unrealized. 

34 

We
presently lack manufacturing capabilities to produce our product candidates in connection with our Phase 3 clinical trial and at commercial
scale quantities and do not have an alternate manufacturing supply, which could negatively impact our ability to meet any future demand
for the products. 

We
have utilized our laboratory to provide the cell processing services necessary for clinical production of BRTX-100 for our Phase
2 disc clinical trial. We believe that we have sufficient laboratory capacity to provide such services with regard to the balance of
the Phase 2 trial; however, we would need to significantly expand our manufacturing capabilities to provide such cell processing services
in connection with a Phase 3 clinical trial and to meet potential commercial demand for BRTX-100 and any other of our product
candidates, if approved, as well as any of our other product candidates that might attain regulatory approval. Such expansion would require
additional regulatory approvals. Even if we increase our manufacturing capabilities, it is possible that we may still lack sufficient
capacity to meet demand. Ultimately, if we are unable to supply our products to meet commercial demand, whether because of processing
constraints or other disruptions, delays or difficulties that we experience, sales of the products and their long-term commercial prospects
could be significantly damaged. 

We
may seek to utilize a third-party manufacturer for BRTX-100 or any of our other product candidates; however, we do not have any
arrangements in place with a third-party manufacturer. If our facilities at which these product candidates would be manufactured or our
equipment were significantly damaged or destroyed, or if there were other disruptions, delays or difficulties affecting manufacturing
capacity, our planned and future clinical studies and commercial production for these product candidates would likely be significantly
disrupted and delayed. It would be both time consuming and expensive to replace this capacity with third parties, particularly since
any new facility would need to comply with the regulatory requirements. 

Ultimately,
if we are unable to supply our cell therapy product candidates to meet commercial demand (assuming commercial approval is obtained),
whether because of processing constraints or other disruptions, delays or difficulties that we experience, our production costs could
dramatically increase and sales of the product and its long-term commercial prospects could be significantly damaged. 

The
commercial potential and profitability of our products are unknown and subject to significant risk and uncertainty. 

Even
if we successfully develop and obtain regulatory approval for our cell therapy product candidates, the market may not understand or accept
the products, which could adversely affect both the timing and level of future sales. Ultimately, the degree of market acceptance of
our product candidates (or any of our future product candidates) will depend on a number of factors, including: 

the
 clinical effectiveness, safety and convenience of the product particularly in relation to alternative treatments; 

our
 ability to distinguish our products (which involve adult cells) from any ethical and political controversies associated with stem
 cell products derived from human embryonic or fetal tissue; and 

the
 cost of the product, the reimbursement policies of government and third-party payors and our ability to obtain sufficient third-party
 coverage or reimbursement. 

Even
if we are successful in achieving sales of our product candidates, it is not clear to what extent, if any, the products will be profitable.
The costs of goods associated with production of cell therapy products are significant. In addition, some changes in manufacturing processes
or procedures generally require FDA or foreign regulatory authority review and approval prior to implementation. We may need to conduct
additional pre-clinical studies and clinical trials to support approval of any such changes. Furthermore, this review process could be
costly and time-consuming and could delay or prevent the commercialization of product candidates. 

We
may have difficulties in sourcing brown adipose (fat) tissue. 

We
use brown adipose (fat) tissue to identify and characterize brown adipose derived stem cells for use in our pre-clinical ThermoStem
Program. There is no certainty that we will be able to continue to collect brown adipose samples through any relationships that we
have, have had or may establish with potential sources of brown adipose tissue. The inability to procure brown fat tissue would have
a material adverse effect upon our ability to advance our ThermoStem Program. 

35 

If
safety problems are encountered by us or others developing new stem cell-based therapies, our stem cell initiatives could be materially
and adversely affected. 

The
use of stem cells for therapeutic indications is still in the very early stages of development. If an adverse event occurs during clinical
trials related to one of our proposed products and/or services or those of others, the FDA and other regulatory authorities may halt
clinical trials or require additional studies. The occurrence of any of these events would delay, and increase the cost of, our development
efforts and may render the commercialization of our proposed products and/or services impractical or impossible. 

We
are vulnerable to competition and technological change, and also to physicians inertia. 

We
will compete with many domestic and foreign companies in developing our technology and products, including biotechnology, medical device
and pharmaceutical companies. Many current and potential competitors have substantially greater financial, technological, research and
development, marketing, and personnel resources. There is no assurance that our competitors will not succeed in developing alternative
products and/or services that are more effective, easier to use, or more economical than those which we may develop, or that would render
our products and/or services obsolete and non-competitive. In general, we may not be able to prevent others from developing and marketing
competitive products and/or services similar to ours or which perform similar functions or which are marketed before ours. 

Competitors
may have greater experience in developing products, therapies or devices, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory clearances
or approvals, manufacturing and commercialization. It is possible that competitors may obtain patent protection, approval or clearance
from the FDA or achieve commercialization earlier than we can, any of which could have a substantial negative effect on our business. 

We
will compete against cell-based therapies derived from alternate sources, such as bone marrow, adipose tissue, umbilical cord blood and
potentially embryos. Doctors historically are slow to adopt new technologies like ours, whatever the merits, when older technologies
continue to be supported by established providers. Overcoming such inertia often requires very significant marketing expenditures or
definitive product performance and/or pricing superiority. 

We
expect that physicians inertia and skepticism will also be a significant barrier as we attempt to gain market penetration with
our future products and services. We may need to finance lengthy time-consuming clinical studies (so as to provide convincing evidence
of the medical benefit) in order to overcome this inertia and skepticism. 

We
may form or seek collaborations or strategic alliances or enter into additional licensing arrangements in the future, and we may not
realize the benefits of such alliances or licensing arrangements. 

We
may form or seek strategic alliances, create joint ventures or collaborations, or enter into additional licensing arrangements with third
parties that we believe will complement or augment our development and commercialization efforts with respect to our product candidates
and any future product candidates that we may develop. Any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges,
increase our near and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute the shares of our existing stockholders, or disrupt our management
and business. In addition, we face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners and the negotiation process is time-consuming
and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic partnership or other alternative arrangements
for our product candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort and third
parties may not view our product candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy. To date, such efforts
have not been successful. 

Further,
collaborations involving our product candidates, such as our collaborations with third-party research institutions, are subject to numerous
risks, which may include the following: 

collaborators
 have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to a collaboration; 

36 

collaborators
 may not pursue development and commercialization of our product candidates or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization
 programs based on clinical trial results, changes in their strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive products, availability
 of funding, or other external factors, such as a business combination that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; 

collaborators
 may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial, stop a clinical trial, abandon a product candidate,
 repeat or conduct new clinical trials, or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 

collaborators
 could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our products or product
 candidates; 

a
 collaborator with marketing and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit sufficient resources to their marketing
 and distribution; 

collaborators
 may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual property or proprietary information
 in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary
 information or expose us to potential liability; 

disputes
 may arise between us and a collaborator that cause the delay or termination of the research, development or commercialization of
 our product candidates, or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 

collaborations
 may be terminated and, if terminated, may result in a need for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization
 of the applicable product candidates; and 

collaborators
 may own or co-own intellectual property covering our products that results from our collaborating with them, and in such cases, we
 would not have the exclusive right to commercialize such intellectual property. 

As
a result, if we enter into collaboration agreements and strategic partnerships or license our products or businesses, we may not be able
to realize the benefit of such transactions if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations and company
culture, which could delay our timelines or otherwise adversely affect our business. We also cannot be certain that, following a strategic
transaction or license, we will achieve the revenue or specific net income that justifies such transaction. Any delays in entering into
new collaborations or strategic partnership agreements related to our product candidates could delay the development and commercialization
of our product candidates in certain geographies for certain indications, which would harm our business prospects, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

We
have limited experience in the development and marketing of cell therapies and may be unsuccessful in our efforts to establish a profitable
business. 

Our
business plan has been focused historically on capturing a piece of the burgeoning field of cell therapy. We have limited experience
in the areas of cell therapy product development and marketing, and in the related regulatory issues and processes. Although we have
recruited a team that has experience with designing and conducting clinical trials and have hired FDA consultants, as a company, we have
limited experience in conducting clinical trials and no experience in conducting clinical trials through to regulatory approval of any
product candidate. In part because of this lack of experience, we cannot be certain that planned clinical trials will begin or be completed
on time, if at all. We cannot assure that we will successfully achieve our clinical development goals or fulfill our plans to capture
a piece of the cell therapy market. 

37 

Our
cell therapy business is based on novel technologies that are inherently expensive, risky and may not be understood by or accepted in
the marketplace, which could adversely affect our future value. 

The
clinical development, commercialization and marketing of cell and tissue-based therapies are at an early-stage, substantially research-oriented,
and financially speculative. To date, very few companies have been successful in their efforts to develop and commercialize a cell therapy
product. In general, cell-based or tissue-based products may be susceptible to various risks, including undesirable and unintended side
effects, unintended immune system responses, inadequate therapeutic efficacy, or other characteristics that may prevent or limit their
approval or commercial use. In addition, BRTX-100 is a cell-based candidate that is produced by using a patient s own stem
cells derived from bone marrow. Regulatory approval of novel product candidates such as BRTX-100 , which is manufactured using
novel manufacturing processes, can be more complex and expensive and take longer than other, more well-known or extensively studied pharmaceutical
or biopharmaceutical products, due to the FDA s lack of experience with them. To our knowledge, the FDA has not yet approved a
disc related stem cell therapy product. This lack of experience may lengthen the regulatory review process, require us to conduct additional
studies or clinical trials, which would increase our development costs, lead to changes in regulatory positions and interpretations,
delay or prevent approval and commercialization of these product candidates or lead to significant post-approval limitations or restrictions.
Furthermore, the number of people who may use cell or tissue-based therapies is difficult to forecast with accuracy. Our future success
is dependent on the establishment of a large global market for cell- and tissue-based therapies and our ability to capture a share of
this market with our product candidates. 

Our
cell therapy product candidates for which we intend to seek approval as biologic products may face competition sooner than anticipated. 

The
enactment of the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, created an abbreviated regulatory pathway for the
approval of products demonstrated to be biosimilar, or highly similar, to or interchangeable with an FDA-approved
innovator (original) biologic product. The abbreviated regulatory pathway establishes legal authority for the FDA to review and approve
biosimilar biologics, including the possible designation of a biosimilar as interchangeable based on its similarity to
an existing reference product. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product cannot be approved by the FDA until 12 years
after the original branded product is approved under a biologics license application, or BLA. The FDA has developed considerable experience
with the biosimilar and interchangeable biosimilar processes since the enactment of the BPCIA in 2009. Should any of our product candidates
be approved via the BLA pathway, we expect that biosimilar applicants will seek approval of biosimilar, and/or interchangeable, versions
of our product that could result in lower prices for our products. 

We
believe that, if any of our product candidates are approved as a biological product under a BLA, it should qualify for the 12-year period
of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that the FDA could approve biosimilar applicants for other reference products that no longer
have such exclusivity, thus potentially creating the opportunity for greater competition sooner than anticipated. 

The
FDA s regulation of regenerative medicine products remains unpredictable and we are not certain what impact this will have on the
potential approval of our products 

The
FDA s regulation of therapies derived from stem cell products and technologies is evolving and may continue to evolve. In December
2016, the 21st Century Cures Act, or the Cures Act, was signed into law in the United States to advance access to medical innovations.
Among other things, the Cures Act established a new FDA regenerative medicine advanced therapy, or RMAT, designation. This designation
offers a variety of benefits to product candidates, including enhanced FDA support during clinical development, priority review on application
filing, accelerated approval based on potential surrogate endpoints, and the potential use of patient registry data and other forms of
real world evidence for post-approval confirmatory studies. There is no certainty that any of our product candidates will receive RMAT
designation or any other type of expedited review program designation from the FDA. In any event, the receipt of an FDA RMAT designation
or other expedited review program designation may not result in a faster development process, review or approval compared to products
considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures and does not assure ultimate approval by the FDA. 

We
may be subject to significant product liability claims and litigation, including potential exposure from the use of our product candidates
in human subjects, and our insurance may be inadequate to cover claims that may arise. 

Our
business exposes us to potential product liability risks inherent in the testing, processing and marketing of cell therapy products.
Such liability claims may be expensive to defend and result in large judgments against us. We face an inherent risk of product liability
exposure related to the testing of our current and any future product candidates in human clinical trials and will face an even greater
risk with respect to any commercial sales of our products should they be approved. No product candidate has been widely used over an
extended period of time, and therefore safety data is limited. Cell therapy companies derive the raw materials for manufacturing of product
candidates from human cell sources, and therefore the manufacturing process and handling requirements are extensive, which increases
the risk of quality failures and subsequent product liability claims. 

38 

We
will need to maintain insurance coverage adequate to cover our clinical trials and increase that coverage before commercializing product
candidates, if ever. At any time during our clinical trials or after commercialization, if that occurs, we may not be able to obtain
or maintain product liability insurance on acceptable terms with adequate coverage or at all, or if claims against us substantially exceed
our coverage, then our financial position could be significantly impaired. 

Whether
or not we are ultimately successful in any product liability litigation that may arise, such litigation could consume substantial amounts
of our financial and managerial resources, result in decreased demand for our products and injure our reputation. 

We
seek to maintain errors and omissions, directors and officers, workers compensation and other insurance at levels we believe to
be appropriate to our business activities. If, however, we were subject to a claim in excess of this coverage or to a claim not covered
by our insurance and the claim succeeded, we would be required to pay the claim from our own limited resources, which could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and business. Additionally, liability or alleged liability could harm
our business by diverting the attention and resources of our management and damaging our reputation. 

Our
internal computer systems, or those that are expected to be used by our clinical investigators, clinical research organizations or other
contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of development programs
for our product candidates. 

We
rely on information technology systems to keep financial records, maintain laboratory and corporate records, communicate with staff and
external parties and operate other critical functions. Any significant degradation or failure of these computer systems could cause us
to inaccurately calculate or lose data. Despite the implementation of security measures, these internal computer systems and those used
by our clinical investigators, clinical research organizations, and other contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer
viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication and electrical failures. The techniques that could
be used by criminal elements or foreign governments to attack these computer systems are sophisticated, change frequently and may originate
from less regulated and remote areas of the world. While we have not experienced any such system failure, theft of information, accident
or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption
of our clinical development activities. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from historical or future clinical trials could
result in delays in regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that
any disruption, theft of information, or security breach were to result in a loss of or damage to data or applications, or inappropriate
disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the clinical development and the future development
of our product candidates could be delayed. 

To
operate and sell in international markets carries great risk. 

We
intend to market our products and services both domestically and in foreign markets. A number of risks are inherent in international
transactions. In order for us to market our products and services in non-U.S. jurisdictions, we need to obtain and maintain required
regulatory approvals or clearances in these countries and must comply with the country specific regulations regarding safety, manufacturing
processes and quality. These regulations, including the requirements for approvals or clearances to market, may differ from the FDA regulatory
scheme. International operations and sales also may be limited or disrupted by political instability, price controls, trade restrictions
and changes in tariffs. Additionally, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect demand for our services and products
by increasing the price of our products and services in the currency of the countries in which the products and services are offered. 

39 

There
can be no assurance that we will obtain regulatory approvals or clearances in all of the countries where we intend to market our products
and services, that we will not incur significant costs in obtaining or maintaining foreign regulatory approvals or clearances, or that
we will be able to successfully commercialize our products and services in various foreign markets. Delays in receipt of approvals or
clearances to market our products and services in foreign countries, failure to receive such approvals or clearances or the future loss
of previously received approvals or clearances could have a substantial negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
inability to obtain reimbursement for our products and services from private and governmental insurers could negatively impact demand
for our products and services. 

Market
acceptance and sales of our product candidates may depend on coverage and reimbursement policies and health care reform measures. Decisions
about formulary coverage as well as levels at which government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and
health maintenance organizations, reimburse patients for the price they pay for our product candidates, as well as levels at which these
payors pay directly for our product candidates, where applicable, could affect whether we are able to successfully commercialize these
products. We cannot guarantee that reimbursement will be available for any of our product candidates. We also cannot guarantee that coverage
or reimbursement amounts will not reduce the demand for, or the price of, our product candidates. 

If
coverage and reimbursement are not available or are available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize
our products. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or PPACA, as well as the Inflation Reduction Act, passed on August 16,
2022, and other health reforms include measures that would limit or prohibit payments for certain medical treatments or subject the pricing
of drugs and biologics to government control. In addition, in many foreign countries, particularly the countries of the European Union,
or the EU, the pricing of drugs and biologics is subject to government control. If our products are or become subject to government regulation
that limits or prohibits payment for our products, or that subjects the price of our products to government control, we may not be able
to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our products. 

In
addition, third-party payors are increasingly limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement of new drugs and biologics. They
may also impose strict prior authorization requirements and/or refuse to provide any coverage of uses of approved products for medical
indications other than those for which the FDA has granted market approvals. As a result, significant uncertainty exists as to whether
and how much third-party payors will reimburse patients for their use of newly-approved drugs and biologics. If we are unable to obtain
adequate levels of reimbursement for our product candidates, our ability to successfully market and sell our product candidates will
be harmed. 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

We
may not be able to protect our proprietary rights. 

Our
commercial success will depend in large part upon our ability to protect our proprietary rights. There is no assurance, for example,
that any additional patents will be issued based on our or our licensor s pending applications or, if issued, that such patents
will not become the subject of a re-examination, will provide us with competitive advantages, will not be challenged by any third parties,
or that the patents of others will not prevent the commercialization of products and services incorporating our technology. Furthermore,
there can be no guarantee that others will not independently develop similar products and services, duplicate any of our products and
services, or design around any patents we obtain. 

Our
commercial success will also depend upon our ability to avoid infringing patents issued to others. If we were judicially determined to
be infringing on any third-party patent, we could be required to pay damages, alter our products, services or processes, obtain licenses,
or cease certain activities. If we are required in the future to obtain any licenses from third parties for some of our products and/or
services, there can be no guarantee that we would be able to do so on commercially favorable terms, if at all. United States and foreign
patent applications are not immediately made public, so we might be surprised by the grant to someone else of a patent on a technology
we are actively using. Although we conducted a freedom to operate, or FTO, search years ago on the licensed technology associated with
our Disc/Spine Program , modifications made, and/or further developments that may be made, to that technology may not be covered
by the initial FTO. No FTO has been undertaken with respect to our ThermoStem brown fat initiative. 

40 

Litigation,
which would result in substantial costs to us and the diversion of effort on our part, may be necessary to enforce or confirm the ownership
of any patents issued or licensed to us, or to determine the scope and validity of third-party proprietary rights. If our competitors
claim technology also claimed by us and prepare and file patent applications in the United States, we may have to participate in interference
proceedings declared by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or the Patent Office, or a foreign patent office to determine priority
of invention, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of effort, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. Any such
litigation or interference proceeding, regardless of outcome, could be expensive and time-consuming. 

Successful
challenges to our patents through oppositions, re-examination proceedings or interference proceedings could result in a loss of patent
rights in the relevant jurisdiction. If we are unsuccessful in actions we bring against the patents of other parties, and it is determined
that we infringe upon the patents of third parties, we may be subject to litigation, or otherwise prevented from commercializing potential
products and/or services in the relevant jurisdiction, or may be required to obtain licenses to those patents or develop or obtain alternative
technologies, any of which could harm our business. Furthermore, if such challenges to our patent rights are not resolved in our favor,
we could be delayed or prevented from entering into new collaborations or from commercializing certain products and/or services, which
could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Furthermore,
because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some
of our confidential or sensitive information could be compromised by disclosure in the event of litigation. In addition, during the course
of litigation there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If
securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our
common stock. 

In
addition to patents, we rely on unpatented trade secrets and proprietary technological expertise. Some of our intended future cell-related
therapeutic products and/or services may fit into this category. We also rely, in part, on confidentiality agreements with our partners,
employees, advisors, vendors, and consultants to protect our trade secrets and proprietary technological expertise. There can be no guarantee
that these agreements will not be breached, or that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our unpatented trade secrets
and proprietary technological expertise will not otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. 

Failure
to obtain or maintain patent protection, failure to protect trade secrets, third-party claims against our patents, trade secrets, or
proprietary rights or our involvement in disputes over our patents, trade secrets, or proprietary rights, including involvement in litigation,
could divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business and have a substantial negative effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. 

We
may not be able to protect our intellectual property in countries outside of the United States. 

Intellectual
property law outside the United States is uncertain and, in many countries, is currently undergoing review and revisions. The laws of
some countries do not protect our patent and other intellectual property rights to the same extent as United States laws. Third parties
may attempt to oppose the issuance of patents to us in foreign countries by initiating opposition proceedings. Opposition proceedings
against any of our patent filings in a foreign country could have an adverse effect on our corresponding patents that are issued or pending
in the United States. It may be necessary or useful for us to participate in proceedings to determine the validity of our patents or
our competitors patents that have been issued in countries other than the United States. This could result in substantial costs,
divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. 

Changes
to United States patent law may have a material adverse effect on our intellectual property rights. 

The
Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or AIA, which was signed into law in 2011, significantly changes United States patent law. It may take
some time to establish what the law means, since it is just being interpreted by the lower courts, Federal Circuit Courts of Appeal,
and the Supreme Court. The effects of these decisions are still not known. The first major change is that AIA switches the United States
patent system from a first to invent system to a first to file system. Now that the first to file system
is in effect, there is a risk that another company may independently develop identical or similar patents at approximately the same time,
and be awarded the patents instead of us. Further, for the second major change, AIA abolished interference proceedings, and establishes
derivation proceedings to replace interference proceedings in all cases in which the time period for instituting an interference proceeding
has not lapsed where an inventor named in an earlier application derived the claimed invention from a named inventor. Now that the derivation
proceedings are in effect, there is a risk that the inventorship of any pending patent application can be challenged for reasons of derivation.
The third major change is that AIA established post-grant opposition proceedings that will apply only to patent applications filed after
 first to file became effective. Post-grant opposition will enable a person who is not the patent owner to initiate proceedings
in the Patent Office within nine months after the grant of a patent that can result in cancellation of a patent as invalid. In addition
to AIA, recent court decisions have created uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain and maintain patents. Therefore there is
a risk that any of our patents once granted may be subject to post-grant opposition, which will increase uncertainty on the validity
of any newly granted patent or may ultimately result in cancellation of the patent. 

41 

In
addition, the Supreme Court has recently taken more limiting positions as to what constitutes patentable subject matter. As a result,
many patents covering what were previously patentable inventions are now determined to cover inventions which are deemed non-statutory
subject matter and are now invalid. As a result of this and subsequent opinions by the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, the
Patent Office is now applying more stringent limitations to claims in patent applications and is refusing to grant patents in areas of
technology where patents were previously deemed available. Therefore there is a risk that we will be unable to acquire patents to cover
our products and if such patents are granted they may subsequently be found to be invalid. 

In
certain countries, patent holders may be required to grant compulsory licenses, which would likely have a significant and detrimental
effect on any future revenues in such country. 

Many
countries, including some countries in Europe, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses
to third parties. In addition, most countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors.
In these countries, the patent owner may be limited to monetary relief and may be unable to enjoin infringement, which could materially
diminish the value of the patent. Compulsory licensing of life-saving products is also becoming increasingly common in developing countries,
either through direct legislation or international initiatives. Such compulsory licenses could be extended to our product candidates,
which may limit our potential revenue opportunities, including with respect to any future revenues that may result from our product candidates. 

Risks
Related to Government Regulation 

Even
if we obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, our products will remain subject to regulatory oversight. 

Our
product candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling,
packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, record-keeping and submission of safety and other post-market information. Any regulatory
approvals that we receive for our product candidates also may be subject to a REMS or the specific obligations imposed as a condition
for marketing authorization by equivalent authorities in a foreign jurisdiction, limitations on the approved indicated uses for which
the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing,
including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the quality, safety and efficacy of the product. For example, in the United
States, the holder of an approved new drug application, or NDA, or BLA is obligated to monitor and report adverse events and any failure
of a product to meet the specifications in the NDA or BLA. The holder of an approved NDA or BLA also must submit new or supplemental
applications and obtain FDA approval for certain changes to the approved product, product labeling or manufacturing process. Advertising
and promotional materials must comply with the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and implementing regulations and are subject
to FDA oversight and post-marketing reporting obligations, in addition to other potentially applicable federal and state laws. 

In
addition, product manufacturers and their facilities may be subject to payment of application and program fees and are subject to continual
review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP requirements and adherence to commitments
made in the NDA, BLA or foreign marketing application. If we or a regulatory authority discover previously unknown problems with a product,
such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or if
a regulatory authority disagrees with the promotion, marketing or labeling of our product, a regulatory authority may impose restrictions
relative to that product, the manufacturing facility or us, including requiring recall or withdrawal of the product from the market or
suspension of manufacturing. 

42 

If
we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements for any product candidate following approval, a regulatory authority may: 

issue
 a warning or untitled letter asserting that we are in violation of the law; 

seek
 an injunction or impose administrative, civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines; 

suspend
 or withdraw regulatory approval; 

suspend
 any ongoing clinical trials; 

refuse
 to approve a pending BLA or comparable foreign marketing application (or any supplements thereto) submitted by us or our strategic
 partners; 

restrict
 the marketing or manufacturing of the product; 

seize
 or detain the product or otherwise demand or require the withdrawal or recall of the product from the market; 

refuse
 to permit the import or export of products; 

request
 and publicize a voluntary recall of the product; or 

refuse
 to allow us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts. 

Any
government enforcement action or investigation of alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant time and resources
in response and could generate negative publicity. The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to
commercialize our product candidates and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We
may be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws and health information
privacy and security laws. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. 

In
the United States, the research, manufacturing, distribution, sale, and promotion of drugs and biologic products are subject to regulation
by various federal, state, and local authorities, including the FDA, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, other divisions
the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS (e.g., the Office of Inspector General), the United States Department of Justice
offices of the United States Attorney, the Federal Trade Commission and state and local governments. Our operations are directly, or
indirectly through our prescribers, customers and purchasers, subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws and regulations,
including the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, or AKS, the federal civil and criminal False Claims Act, or FCA, the Physician Payments
Sunshine Act and regulations and equivalent provisions in other countries. In addition, we may be subject to patient privacy laws by
both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. 

State
and federal regulatory and enforcement agencies continue actively to investigate violations of health care laws and regulations, and
the United States Congress continues to strengthen the arsenal of enforcement tools. For example, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 increased
the criminal and civil penalties that can be imposed for violating certain federal health care laws, including the AKS. Enforcement agencies
also continue to pursue novel theories of liability under these laws. Government agencies have recently increased regulatory scrutiny
and enforcement activity with respect to programs supported or sponsored by pharmaceutical companies, including reimbursement and co-pay
support, funding of independent charitable foundations and other programs that offer benefits for patients. Several investigations into
these programs have resulted in significant civil and criminal settlements. 

43 

Because
of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our
business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. If our operations are found to be in violation of any
of the laws described above or any other government regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and
criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from participation in government health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, imprisonment
and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our
results of operations. Even if we are not determined to have violated these laws, government investigations into these issues typically
require the expenditure of significant resources and generate negative publicity, which could harm our financial condition and divert
the attention of our management from operating our business. 

Further,
in the event we determine to operate in foreign jurisdictions, including conducting clinical trials, we will need to comply with the
United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, or the FCPA. The FCPA prohibits a corporation, including its subsidiaries, third-party
contractors, distributors, consultants and employees, from corruptly making or offering to make payments to foreign officials for the
purpose of obtaining or enhancing business. Under the law, foreign officials include employees of health systems operated
by government entities. The FCPA also establishes specific record-keeping and internal accounting controls. Violations of the FCPA can
result in the imposition of civil penalties or criminal prosecution. Failure to comply with the FCPA will adversely affect our business. 

In
addition to the FCPA, we will also need to comply with the foreign government laws and regulations of each individual country in which
any therapy centers that we may establish are located and products are to be distributed and sold. These regulations vary in complexity
and can be as stringent, and on occasion even more stringent, than FDA regulations in the United States. Due to the fact that there are
new and emerging stem cell and cell therapy regulations that have recently been drafted and/or implemented in various countries around
the world, the application and subsequent implementation of these new and emerging regulations have little to no precedence. Therefore,
the level of complexity and stringency is not always precisely understood today for each country, creating greater uncertainty for the
international regulatory process. Furthermore, there can be no guarantee that laws and regulations will not be implemented, amended and/or
reinterpreted in a way that will negatively affect our business. Likewise, there can be no assurance that we will be able, or will have
the resources, to maintain compliance with all such healthcare laws and regulations. Failure to comply with such healthcare laws and
regulations, as well as the costs associated with such compliance or with enforcement of such healthcare laws and regulations, may have
a material adverse effect on our operations or may require restructuring of our operations or impair our ability to operate profitably. 

Our
current and future employees, consultants and advisors and our future principal investigators, medical institutions and commercial partners
may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 

We
are exposed to the risk of fraud or other misconduct by our current and future employees, consultants, advisors, principal investigators,
medical institutions and commercial partners, including contract laboratories, and CROs. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional
failures to comply with FDA regulations or the regulations applicable in other jurisdictions, provide accurate information to the FDA
and other regulatory authorities, comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations in the United States and abroad, report
financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. 

We
currently do not and in the future may not independently conduct all aspects of our product candidate research and preclinical and clinical
testing and product candidate manufacturing. If we rely on third parties, including CROs, medical institutions, and contract laboratories
to monitor and manage data for our ongoing preclinical and clinical programs, we will still maintain responsibility for ensuring their
activities are conducted in accordance with the applicable study protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards. We and our third-party
vendors will be required to comply with current cGMP, GCP, and Good Laboratory Practice, or GLP, requirements, which are a collection
of laws and regulations enforced by the FDA, the EU and comparable foreign authorities for all of our product candidates in clinical
development. 

44 

In
addition, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended
to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations restrict or prohibit a
wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements.
Such misconduct also could involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials or interactions with the
FDA or other regulatory authorities, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. 

The
precautions we take to detect and prevent employee and third-party misconduct may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged
risks or losses or in protecting us from government investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with
these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting
our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects,
including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 

The
failure to receive regulatory approvals for our cell therapy product candidates would likely have a material and adverse effect on our
business and prospects. 

To
date, we have not received regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates in any jurisdiction. If we seek approval of any
of our cell therapy product candidates, we will be required to submit to the FDA and potentially other regulatory authorities extensive
pre-clinical and clinical data supporting its safety and efficacy, as well as information about the manufacturing process and to undergo
inspection of our manufacturing facility or other contract manufacturing facilities, if utilized, among other things. The process of
obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals is expensive, generally takes many years and is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties,
particularly with complex and/or novel product candidates such as our cell-based product candidates. Changes in regulatory approval requirements,
policies, or court decisions may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application, make it easier for our competitors to gain
regulatory approval to enter the marketplace, or allow competitors to enter the market without having to obtain FDA approval. Ultimately,
the FDA and other regulatory agencies have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or
may decide that our product candidate data are insufficient for approval without the submission of additional preclinical, clinical or
other studies. In addition, varying agency interpretations of the data obtained from preclinical and clinical testing could delay, limit
or prevent regulatory approval of a product candidate. Any difficulties or failures that we encounter in securing regulatory approval
for our product candidates would likely have a substantial adverse impact on our ability to generate product sales, and could make any
search for a collaborative partner more difficult. Similarly, any regulatory approval we ultimately obtain may be limited or subject
to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render the approved product not commercially viable. 

If
we are unable to conduct clinical studies in accordance with regulations and accepted standards, we may be delayed in receiving, or may
never receive, regulatory approvals of our product candidates from the FDA and other regulatory authorities. 

To
obtain marketing approvals for our product candidates in the United States and abroad, we must, among other requirements, complete adequate
and well-controlled clinical trials sufficient to demonstrate to the FDA and other regulatory bodies that the product candidate is safe
and effective for each indication for which approval is sought. If the FDA finds that patients enrolled in the trial are or would be
exposed to an unreasonable and significant risk of illness or injury, due to, among other things, occurrence of a serious adverse event
in an ongoing clinical trial, the FDA can place one or more of our clinical trials on hold. If safety concerns develop, we may, or the
FDA or an institutional review board may require us to, stop the affected trials before completion. 

The
completion of our clinical trials also may be delayed or terminated for a number of other reasons, including if: 

third-party
 clinical investigators do not perform the clinical trials on the anticipated schedule or consistent with the clinical trial protocol,
 good clinical practices required by the FDA and other regulatory requirements, or other third parties do not perform data collection
 and analysis in a timely or accurate manner; 

inspections
 of clinical trial sites by the FDA or other regulatory authorities reveal violations that require us to undertake corrective action,
 suspend or terminate one or more sites, or prohibit use of some or all of the data in support of marketing applications; or 

45 

the
 FDA or one or more institutional review boards suspends or terminates the trial at an investigational site, or precludes enrollment
 of additional subjects. 

Our
development costs will increase if there are material delays in our clinical trials, or if we are required to modify, suspend, terminate
or repeat a clinical trial. If we are unable to conduct our clinical trials properly, we may never receive regulatory approval to market
our product candidates. 

Health
care companies have been the subjects of federal and state investigations, and we could become subject to investigations in the future. 

Both
federal and state government agencies have heightened civil and criminal enforcement efforts. There are numerous ongoing investigations
of health care companies, as well as their executives and managers. In addition, amendments to the federal FCA, including under healthcare
reform legislation, have made it easier for private parties to bring qui tam (or whistleblower) lawsuits against
companies under which the whistleblower may be entitled to receive a percentage of any money paid to the government. The FCA provides,
in part, that an action can be brought against any person or entity that has knowingly presented, or caused to be presented, a false
or fraudulent request for payment from the federal government, or who has made a false statement or used a false record to get a claim
approved. The government has taken the position that claims presented in violation of the federal AKS, Stark Law or other healthcare-related
laws, including laws enforced by the FDA, may be considered a violation of the FCA. Penalties include substantial fines for each false
claim, plus three times the amount of damages that the federal government sustained because of the act of that person or entity and/or
exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. In addition, a majority of states have adopted similar state whistleblower and false
claims provisions. 

We
are not aware of any government investigations involving any of our facilities or management. While we believe that we are in compliance
with applicable governmental healthcare laws and regulations, any future investigations of our business or executives could cause us
to incur substantial costs, and result in significant liabilities or penalties, as well as damage to our reputation. 

It
is uncertain to what extent the government, private health insurers and third-party payors will approve coverage or provide reimbursement
for the therapies and products to which our services relate. Availability for such reimbursement may be further limited by reductions
in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare program funding in the United States. 

To
the extent that health care providers cannot obtain coverage or reimbursement for our products and therapies, they may elect not to provide
such products and therapies to their patients and, thus, may not need our services. Further, as cost containment pressures are increasing
in the health care industry, government and private payors may adopt strategies designed to limit the amount of reimbursement paid to
health care providers. 

Similarly,
the trend toward managed health care and bundled pricing for health care services in the United States, could significantly influence
the purchase of healthcare products and services, resulting in lower prices and reduced demand for our therapeutic products under development. 

We
may directly or indirectly receive revenues from federal health care programs, such as Medicare. Federal health care programs are subject
to changes in coverage and reimbursement rules and procedures, including retroactive rate adjustments. These contingencies could materially
decrease the range of services covered by such programs or the reimbursement rates paid directly or indirectly for our products and services.
To the extent that any health care reform favors the reimbursement of other therapies over our therapeutic products under development,
such reform could affect our ability to sell our services, which may have a material adverse effect on our revenues. 

The
limitation on reimbursement available from private and government payors may reduce the demand for, or the price of, our products and
services, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues. Additional legislation or regulation relating to the health care
industry or third-party coverage and reimbursement may be enacted in the future which could adversely affect the revenues generated from
the sale of our products and services. 

46 

Furthermore,
there has been a trend in recent years towards reductions in overall funding for Medicare, Medicaid and other federal health care programs.
The reduced funding of governmental programs could have a negative impact on the demand for our services to the extent it relates to
products and services which are reimbursed by government and private payors. 

Unintended
consequences of healthcare reform in the United States may adversely affect our business. 

The
healthcare industry is undergoing fundamental changes resulting from political, economic and regulatory influences. In the United States,
the PPACA was signed into law in 2010 under the Obama administration. By implementing comprehensive reforms, the law seeks to, among
other things, increase access to healthcare for the uninsured and control the escalation of healthcare expenditures within the economy. 

In
addition, other legislative changes have been adopted since the PPACA was enacted. These changes include aggregate reductions in Medicare
payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, following passage of the Bipartisan Budget
Act of 2018, will remain in effect through 2030 unless additional Congressional action is taken. In January 2013, President Obama signed
into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers
and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. Congress
has since considered additional reductions in Medicare reimbursement for drugs and devices as part of legislation to reduce the budget
deficit. Similar legislation could be enacted in the future. The Medicare regulations and interpretive determinations that determine
how drugs, devices and services are covered and reimbursed also are subject to change. These laws, regulations, and interpretive determinations
may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other health care funding, which could impact our business. 

Most
recently, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act, or the IRA, which provides for (i) the government to
set or negotiate prices for select high-cost Medicare Part D (beginning in 2026) and Medicare Part B drugs (beginning in 2028) that are
more than nine years (for small-molecule drugs) or 13 years (for biological products) from their FDA approval, (ii) manufacturers to
pay a rebate for Medicare Part B and Part D drugs when prices increase faster than inflation beginning in 2022 for Medicare Part D and
2023 for Medicare Part B drugs, and (iii) Medicare Part D redesign which replaces the current coverage gap provisions and establishes
a 2,000 cap for out-of-pocket limits costs for Medicare beneficiaries beginning in 2025, with manufacturers being responsible for 10 
of costs up to the 2,000 cap and 20 after that cap is reached. Implementation of the IRA is expected to be carried out through upcoming
actions by regulatory authorities, the outcome of which is uncertain. 

Healthcare
reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and decreased reimbursement. The implementation
of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or
commercialize our product candidates. It is difficult to predict how enforcement initiatives under the PPACA, the IRA, and/or additional
legislation or regulation enacted in the future may impact our business. If the PPACA, the IRA, and/or additional legislation or regulation
enacted in the future cause such unintended consequences or indirect impact, they could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Competitor
companies or hospitals in the EU may be able to take advantage of EU rules permitting sales of unlicensed medicines for individual patients
to sell competing products without a marketing authorization. 

The
EU medicines rules allow individual member states to permit the supply of a medicinal product without a marketing authorization to fulfill
special needs, where the product is supplied in response to a bona fide unsolicited order, formulated in accordance with the specifications
of a healthcare professional and for use by an individual patient under his direct personal responsibility. This may, in certain countries,
also apply to products manufactured in a country outside the EU and imported to treat specific patients or small groups of patients.
In addition, advanced therapy medicinal products do not need a marketing authorization if they are prepared on a non-routine basis and
are used within the same EU member state in a hospital in accordance with a medical prescription for an individual patient. 

These
exemptions could allow our competitors to make sales in the EU without having obtained a marketing authorization and without undergoing
the expense of clinical trials, especially if those competitors have cell processing facilities in the relevant EU member state. Similarly,
certain hospitals may be able to compete with us on the basis of these rules. 

47 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

We
pay no dividends. 

We
have never paid cash dividends in the past, and currently do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We intend
to retain earnings, if any, to finance the development and expansion of our business. Our future dividend policy will be subject to the
discretion of our Board of Directors and will be contingent upon future earnings, if any, our financial condition, capital requirements,
general business conditions, and other factors. Therefore, we can give no assurance that any dividends of any kind will ever be paid
to holders of our common stock. 

There
is no assurance that an active trading market for our common stock will be sustained. 

Our
common stock is listed on Nasdaq. However, no assurance can be given that an active market for our common stock will be sustained. In
addition, although there have been market makers in our common stock, we cannot assure that these market makers will continue to make
a market in our securities or that other factors outside of our control will not cause them to stop market making in our securities.
Making a market in securities involves maintaining bid and ask quotations and being able to effect transactions in reasonable quantities
at those quoted prices, subject to various securities laws and other regulatory requirements. Furthermore, the development and maintenance
of a public trading market depends upon the existence of willing buyers and sellers, the presence of which is not within our control
or that of any market maker. Market makers are not required to maintain a continuous two-sided market, are required to honor firm quotations
for only a limited number of securities, and are free to withdraw firm quotations at any time. Even with a market maker, factors such
as our past losses from operations and the small size of our company mean that there can be no assurance of an active and liquid market
for our securities developing in the foreseeable future. Even if there is a market for our securities, we cannot assure that securityholders
will be able to resell their securities at any price. 

Stockholders
who hold unregistered shares of our common stock are subject to resale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144 due to our former status as
a shell company. 

We
previously were a shell company pursuant to Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act, or Rule 144, and, as such,
sales of our securities pursuant to Rule 144 cannot be made unless, among other things, we continue to remain subject to Section 13 or
15(d) of the Exchange Act, and we file all of our required periodic reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act. Because our unregistered
securities cannot be sold pursuant to Rule 144 unless we continue to meet such requirements, any unregistered securities we sell in the
future or issue to consultants or employees, in consideration for services rendered or for any other purpose, will have no liquidity
unless we continue to comply with such requirements. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to obtain financing to fund our operations
and pay our consultants and employees with our securities instead of cash. 

We
have incurred, and will continue to incur, increased costs as a result of being an SEC reporting company. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as a variety of related rules implemented by the SEC, have required changes
in corporate governance practices and generally increased the disclosure requirements of public companies. As a reporting company, we
incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses in connection with our public disclosure and other obligations. Based upon SEC
regulations currently in effect, we are required to establish, evaluate and report on our internal control over financial reporting.
We believe that compliance with the myriad of rules and regulations applicable to reporting companies and related compliance issues will
continue to require a significant amount of time and attention from our management. 

48 

Material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting may cause us to fail to timely and accurately report our financial results
or result in a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements. 

We identified control deficiencies in the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting that constituted
a material weakness, as further described in Item 9A of this Annual Report Controls and Procedures ). A material weakness
is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Our material
weakness related to the following control deficiencies: 

Lack
 of adherence to formal policies and procedures; 

Lack
 of risk assessment procedures on internal controls to detect financial reporting risks on a timely manner; and 

Lack
 of sufficient formal management testing over documented formal procedures and controls, and time to evaluate continuous effectiveness of controls to achieve complete and accurate financial
 reporting and disclosures, including documented controls over the preparation and review of journal entries and account
 reconciliations. 

The
deficiencies described above, if not remedied, could result in a misstatement of one or more account balances or disclosures in our annual
or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected, and, accordingly, we determined that these control
deficiencies constitute a material weakness. 

To
address our material weakness, we have added accounting and finance personnel and implemented new financial accounting processes. We
intend to continue to take steps to remediate the material weakness described above through implementing enhancements and controls within
our accounting systems, hiring additional qualified accounting and finance resources and further evolving our accounting and quarterly
and annual close processes. We will not be able to remediate these control deficiencies until these steps have been completed and have
been operating effectively for a sufficient period of time and Management has concluded, through testing, that the controls are operating
effectively. The redesign and implementation of improvements to our accounting and proprietary systems and controls may be costly and
time consuming and the cost to remediate may impair our results of operations in the future. 

If
we fail to remediate our material weakness, identify future material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or fail
to meet the demands that have been placed upon us as a public company, including the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we may be
unable to accurately report our financial results or report them within the timeframes required by law or stock exchange regulations.
Failure to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could also potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the
SEC or other regulatory authorities. If additional material weaknesses exist or are discovered in the future, and we are unable to remediate
any such material weakness, our reputation, results of operations and financial condition could suffer. 

Our
stock price may fluctuate significantly and be highly volatile and this may make it difficult for a securityholder to resell our securities
at the volume, prices and times the securityholder finds attractive. 

The
market price of our common stock may be subject to significant fluctuations and be highly volatile, which may make it difficult for a
securityholder to resell our securities at the volume, prices and times the securityholder finds attractive. There are many factors that
will impact our stock price and trading volume, including, but not limited to, the factors listed above under Risks Related to
Our Business Generally, Risks Related to Our Cell Therapy Product Development Efforts, Risks Related to Our
Intellectual Property, Risks Related to Government Regulation, Risks Related to Our Common Stock and
 Risks Associated with Our Nasdaq Listing. 

Stock
markets, in general, experience significant price and volume volatility, and the market price of our securities may continue to be subject
to such market fluctuations that may be unrelated to our operating performance and prospects. Increased market volatility and fluctuations
could result in a substantial decline in the market price of our securities. 

49 

There
may be significant future issuances or resales of our common stock which may materially and adversely dilute stockholders ownership
interest and affect the market price of our securities . 

We
currently have authorization to issue up to 75,000,000 shares of common stock of which, as of March 22, 2023, 3,767,615 shares were issued
and outstanding. We are not restricted from issuing additional shares of our common stock in the future, including securities convertible
into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of our common stock. In addition, there are 1,518,158 shares of Series B preferred stock
issued and outstanding. Such shares are convertible under certain circumstances into an equal number of shares of common stock. 

Pursuant
to our November 2021 public offering of securities, we issued warrants for the purchase of an aggregate of 2,645,000 shares of common
stock as well as underwriter warrants for the purchase of 235,970 shares of common stock. We have an effective registration statement
on Form S-1 under the Securities Act registering the issuance of such shares. The shares issuable pursuant to the registration statement
on Form S-1 will be freely tradable in the public market, except for shares held by affiliates. In addition, in connection with the public
offering and pursuant to exchange agreements entered into with holders of convertible notes and warrants, we issued an aggregate of 313,789
shares of common stock and warrants for the purchase of an aggregate of 1,856,938 shares of common stock. The shares of common stock
issued to such holders are eligible for resale in the open market (subject to Rule 144 volume limitations applicable to affiliates),
potentially causing sales in the market to increase and our stock price to decline. We have registered the resale of the shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. The issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the above warrants would dilute
the ownership of our stockholders. 

We
also have an effective registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act registering 1,175,000 shares of our common stock issuable
under our 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, or the 2021 Plan, and intend to file a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act
with respect to the registration of an additional 1,325,000 shares of our common stock under the 2021 Plan. As of March 22, 2023, options
to purchase 1,493,656 shares of our common stock were outstanding under the 2021 Plan. In addition, as of such date,97,826 RSUs were outstanding
under the 2021 Plan. The shares issuable pursuant to the registration statements on Form S-8 will be freely tradable in the public market,
except for shares held by affiliates. We may include a resale prospectus in our registration statement on Form S-8 with regard to the
2021 Plan covering the resale of the shares issuable to Messrs. Alstodt and Silva (and other affiliates) upon their exercise of options
held by them and the vesting of the above described RSUs. The resale of such shares will be currently subject to the volume limitations
imposed by Rule 144. 

Further,
we have an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act registering 75,000,000 of our equity and debt
securities. Pursuant to the requirements of Form S-3, we currently may sell pursuant to such Form S-3, during any 12 month period, securities
having an aggregate market value of no more than one-third of the aggregate market value of the shares of our common stock held by non-affiliates.
As of March 22, 2023, the aggregate market value of shares of common stock held by non-affiliates was 9,286,812. 

The
sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock or securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares
of our common stock, whether directly by us in future offerings or by our existing stockholders in the secondary market, the perception
that such issuances or resales could occur or the availability for future issuances or resale of shares of our common stock or securities
convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of our common stock could materially and adversely affect the market price
of our securities and our ability to raise capital through future offerings of equity or equity-related securities on attractive terms
or at all. 

In
addition, our Board of Directors is authorized to designate and issue 18,456,842 shares of preferred stock without further stockholder
approval, containing such rights and preferences as our Board of Directors shall determine. We may also issue other equity and equity-related
securities that are senior to our common stock in the future for a number of reasons, including, without limitation, to support operations
and growth, and to comply with any future changes in regulatory standards. 

Anti-takeover
provisions and the regulations to which we may be subject may make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even
if the change in control would be beneficial to our securityholders. 

We
are incorporated in Nevada. Anti-takeover provisions in Nevada law and our articles of incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult
for a third party to acquire control of us and may prevent stockholders from receiving a premium for their securities. Our certificate
of incorporation provides that our Board of Directors may issue up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, in one or more series, without
stockholder approval and with such terms, preferences, rights and privileges as the Board of Directors may deem appropriate. Of such
20,000,000 authorized shares, 1,518,158 shares of Series B preferred stock are issued and outstanding. These provisions and other factors
may hinder or prevent a change in control, even if the change in control would be perceived as beneficial to, or sought by, our other
stockholders. 

50 

Our
common stock is classified as a penny stock; the restrictions of the penny stock regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, or SEC, may result in less liquidity for our common stock. 

The
SEC has adopted regulations which define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price (as therein defined)
of less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Unless exempt, the rules
require the delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock by a retail customer, of a disclosure schedule prepared by the
SEC relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about commissions payable to both the broker/dealer and
the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements are required to be sent disclosing
recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. The market price
for shares of our common stock is currently below 5.00 and we do not satisfy any of the exceptions to the SEC s definition of
penny stock. Accordingly, our common stock is currently classified as a penny stock. As a result of the penny stock restrictions, brokers
or potential investors may be reluctant to trade in our securities, which may result in less liquidity for our securities. 

Risks
Associated with Our Nasdaq Listing 

We
cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to comply with the minimum bid price requirement of Nasdaq . 

Although
the market price of our common stock satisfied the initial listing minimum bid price requirement for Nasdaq, there can be no assurance
that the market price of our common stock will remain at the 1.00 per share level required for continuing compliance with that requirement.
There are many factors, such as negative financial or operational results, that could adversely affect the market price of our common
stock and jeopardize our ability to maintain Nasdaq s minimum bid price requirement. 

The
market price of our common stock may not attract new investors, including institutional investors, and may not satisfy the investing
requirements of those investors. Consequently, the trading liquidity of our common stock may not improve . 

Although
we believe that our Nasdaq listing has helped generate greater and broader investor interest, including institutional investors, there
can be no assurances in that regard. In addition, there can be no assurance that the market price of our common stock will satisfy the
investing requirements of those investors. As a result, the trading liquidity of our common stock may not necessarily improve. 

ITEM
 1B . 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS . 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES . 

Our
principal executive offices and laboratory are located at 40 Marcus Drive, Suite One, Melville, New York. We occupy 6,800 square feet
of space at the premises pursuant to a lease that expires in December 2024. The lease provides for an annual base rental during the five
year period ending in December 2024 ranging between 153,748 and 173,060. Our premises are suitable and adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS . 

None. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

51 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES . 

Market
Information 

Transactions
in our common stock are currently reported under the symbol BRTX on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Holders 

As
of March 22, 2023, there were 352 record holders of our shares of common stock. 

Dividends 

Not
applicable. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
the three months ended December 31, 2022, we issued the following securities in a transaction not involving any public offering. For
the following transaction, we relied upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as a transaction by an issuer not
involving any public offering. For such transaction, we did not use general solicitation or advertising to market the securities, the
securities were offered to a single entity, the investor had access to information regarding us (including information contained in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2022,
June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022 and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and press releases
made by us), and we were available to answer questions by the prospective investor. We reasonably believe that the investor is an accredited
investor. No proceeds were received from the issuance. 

Warrants 

Date Issued 
 Common Stock 
 Shares 
 Exercise Price 
 Term (Years) 
 Purchaser(s) 
 Consideration (1) 
 
 11/21/2022 
 - 
 51,370 
 2.92 
 5 
 (2 
 117,030 

(1) 
 The
 warrants were issued pursuant to an amendment to a license agreement. The value of the warrants was 117,030 as of November 21, 2022,
 the date of issuance. 

(2) 
 Accredited
 investor. 

52 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to purchases of common stock made by affiliated purchasers during the quarter
ended December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased(1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share 
 Total Number of 
Shares Purchased 
as Part of Publicly 
 Announced Plans 
or Programs 
 Maximum 
 Number of Shares 
 that May Be 
 Purchased Under 
the Plans or 
 Programs 

10/1/22 10/31/22 
 1,531 
 3.55 
 - 
 - 
 
 11/1/22 11/30/22 
 1,943 
 2.75 
 - 
 - 
 
 12/1/22 12/31/22 
 2,100 
 2.99 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 5,574 
 3.06 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Purchases
 were made by affiliated purchasers in open market transactions. 

ITEM
 6 . 
 [RESERVED] 

ITEM
 7 . 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS . 

The
following discussion and analysis of the consolidated results of operations and financial condition of BioRestorative Therapies, Inc.
and its subsidiary as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 should be read in conjunction
with our financial statements and the notes to those financial statements that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report following
Item 16 Form 10-K Summary ). References in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations to us, we, our, and similar terms refer to BioRestorative
Therapies, Inc.. This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the federal securities laws. The events
described in forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report may not occur. Generally, these statements relate to business
plans or strategies, projected or anticipated benefits or other consequences of our plans or strategies, projected or anticipated benefits
from acquisitions that may be made by us, or projections involving anticipated revenues, earnings or other aspects of our operating results.
The words may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, project, 
 plan, intend, estimate, and continue, and their opposites and similar expressions,
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We caution you that these statements are not guarantees of future performance or
events and are subject to a number of uncertainties, risks and other influences, many of which are beyond our control, which may influence
the accuracy of the statements and the projections upon which the statements are based. Reference is made to Item 1A of this Annual Report Risk Factors for a discussion of some of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. 

Overview 

We
develop therapeutic products and medical therapies using cell and tissue protocols, primarily involving adult stem cells. 

We
are currently pursuing our Disc/Spine Program with our initial investigational therapeutic product being called BRTX-100 .
In March 2022, a United States patent issued in our Disc/Spine Program . We submitted an IND application to the FDA to obtain authorization
to commence a Phase 2 clinical trial investigating the use of BRTX-100 in the treatment of chronic lower back pain arising from
degenerative disc disease. We have received such authorization from the FDA and have commenced such clinical trial through the execution
of a CRO agreement with PRC Clinical, the execution of clinical trial site agreements, patient enrollment, the commencement of patient
procedures, the purchase of manufacturing equipment and the expansion of our laboratory to include capabilities for clinical production.
We have obtained an exclusive license to use technology for investigational adult stem cell treatment of disc and spine conditions, including
protruding and bulging lumbar discs. The technology is an advanced stem cell injection procedure that may offer relief from lower back
pain, buttock and leg pain, and numbness and tingling in the leg and foot. 

53 

We
are also developing our ThermoStem Program . This pre-clinical program involves the use of brown adipose (fat) in connection with
the cell-based treatment of type 2 diabetes and obesity as well as hypertension, other metabolic disorders and cardiac deficiencies.
United States patents related to the ThermoStem Program were issued in September 2015, January 2019, March 2020, March 2021, and
July 2021; a notice of allowance for a United States patent application related to our ThermoStem Program was issued in February
2023; Australian patents related to the ThermoStem Program were issued in April 2017, October 2019 and August 2021; Japanese patents
related to the ThermoStem Program were issued in December 2017, June 2021 and February 2022; Israeli patents related to our ThermoStem
Program were issued in October 2019, May 2020 and March 2022; European patents related to the ThermoStem Program were issued
in April 2020 and January 2021; and a notice of allowance for a European patent application related to our ThermoStem Program was
issued in February 2023. 

We
have licensed a patented curved needle device that is a needle system designed to deliver cells and/or other therapeutic products or
materials to the spine and discs or other potential sites. We anticipate that FDA approval or clearance will be necessary for this device
prior to commercialization. We do not intend to utilize this device in connection with our Phase 2 clinical trial with regard to BRTX-100 . 

Our
offices are located in Melville, New York where we have established a laboratory facility in order to increase our capabilities for the
further development of possible cellular-based treatments, products and protocols, stem cell-related intellectual property and translational
research applications. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our accumulated deficit was 152,640,897. We have historically only generated a modest amount of revenue, and our
losses have principally been operating expenses incurred in research and development, marketing and promotional activities in order to
commercialize our products and services, plus costs associated with meeting the requirements of being a public company. We expect to
continue to incur substantial costs for these activities over at least the next year. 

In
November 2021, we completed a 23,000,000 underwritten public offering of units of securities pursuant to which an aggregate of 2,300,000
shares of our common stock and warrants for the purchase of an aggregate of 2,645,000 shares of our common stock were issued. We are
using the net proceeds from the offering as follows: (i) undertaking of clinical trials with respect to BRTX-100 and its related
collection and delivery procedure; (ii) pre-clinical research and development with respect to our ThermoStem Program ; and (iii)
for general corporate and working capital purposes. In connection with the public offering, our common stock was listed on the Nasdaq
Capital Market. 

In
November 2021, concurrently with the consummation of the public offering, we issued an aggregate of 313,789 shares of our common stock,
1,543,158 shares of our Series A preferred stock and warrants for the purchase of an aggregate of 1,856,938 shares of our common stock
in exchange for convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 10,046,897, together with accrued interest thereon,
and warrants for the purchase of an aggregate of 3,677,997 shares of our common stock. Such indebtedness and warrants were exchanged
at a price of 10.00 per unit of securities, consistent with the public offering price of our units of common stock and warrants. The
newly issued warrants are exercisable for a period of five years at an exercise price of 10.00 per share. In September 2022, the 1,543,158
shares of Series A preferred stock were exchanged for an equal number of shares of Series B preferred stock. 

The
net proceeds received from our November 2021 public offering are sufficient for us to complete our Phase 2 clinical trial with regard
to BRTX-100; however, we will require significant additional funding to complete our contemplated Phase 3 BRTX-100 clinical
trial (assuming the receipt of no revenues). We will also require a substantial amount of additional funding to implement our other programs
as discussed in this Annual Report under the caption Item 1 Business ), including our metabolic ThermoStem Program ,
and fund general operations. No assurance can be given that the amount of funding that we anticipate may be required for such purposes
is correct or that we will be able to accomplish our goals within the timeframes projected. In addition, no assurance can be given that
we will be able to obtain any required financing on commercially reasonable terms or otherwise. 

54 

Consolidated
Results of Operations 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2021 

The
following table presents selected items in our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively: 

For The Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 119,800 
 46,000 

Operating Expenses: 

Research and development 
 3,513,352 
 729,058 
 
 General and administrative 
 15,580,473 
 25,624,815 
 
 Total Operating Expenses 
 19,093,825 
 26,353,873 
 
 Loss From Operations 
 (18,974,025 
 (26,307,873 

Other Expense (Income): 

Interest (income) expense 
 (11,650 
 1,815,366 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of notes payable, net 
 - 
 16,180,056 
 
 Gain on PPP Loan forgiveness 
 (250,000 
 - 
 
 Grant income 
 (110,518 
 - 
 
 Other expense 
 (107,088 
 - 
 
 Total Other Expense 
 (479,256 
 17,995,422 

Net Loss 
 (18,494,769 
 (44,303,295 

Revenues 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated 119,800 and 46,000, respectively, of royalty revenue in connection with our
sublicense agreement. 

Research
and development 

Research
and development expenses include cash and non-cash compensation of (a) our Vice President of Research and Development; (b) our Scientific
Advisory Board members; and (c) laboratory staff and costs related to our brown fat and disc/spine initiatives. Research and development
expenses are expensed as they are incurred. For the year ended December 31, 2022, research and development expenses increased by 2.8
million, or 382 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, as we recommenced research and development activities. 

We
expect that our research and development expenses will continue to increase with the continuation of the aforementioned initiatives. 

General
and administrative 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, bonuses, payroll taxes, severance costs and stock-based compensation to employees
(excluding any cash or non-cash compensation of our Vice President of Research and Development and our laboratory staff), as well as
corporate expenses such as legal and professional fees, investor relations and occupancy related expenses. For the year ended December
31, 2022, general and administrative expenses decreased by 10.0 million, or 39 , compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease
is primarily due to a decrease of 10.4 million in stock-based compensation during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

55 

We
expect that our general and administrative expenses related to operations will increase as we expand our staff, develop our infrastructure
and incur additional costs to support the growth of our business. 

Interest
expense 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, interest expense decreased 1.8 million, or 101 , as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021.
The decrease was due to the exchange of our outstanding convertible debt for common stock, preferred stock and warrants in connection
with our public offering in November 2021. 

Loss
on extinguishment of notes payable, net 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of notes payable, net of 16.2 million related to the conversion
of convertible debt principal pursuant to exchange agreements with noteholders in connection with our public offering. The Company did
not convert or extinguish any debt during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Gain
on PPP loan forgiveness 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, our outstanding PPP loan balance was forgiven in full, which was recorded as a gain in the consolidated
statement of operations. There were no gains recorded for PPP loan forgiveness for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Grant
income 

Our
grant income of 110,518 for the year ended December 31, 2022 consists of funding received under a 256,000 National Institutes of Health
Small Business Technology Transfer STTR Phase 1 grant, which was awarded in September 2021. 

Other
expense 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, Other income, net primarily relates to gains from settlements of certain accrued expenses and unrealized
gain on investments. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Liquidity 

We
measure our liquidity in a number of ways, including the following: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Investments 
 14,749,408 
 21,026,727 

Working Capital 
 14,688,188 
 21,104,086 

Notes Payable (Gross) 
 - 
 250,000 

56 

Availability
of Additional Funds 

Based
upon our accumulated deficit of 152.6 million as of December 31, 2022, along with our forecast for continued operating losses and our
need for financing to fund our contemplated clinical trials, as of such date, we required additional equity and/or debt financing to
continue our operations. 

On
November 9, 2021, we completed a public offering of units, each consisting of one share of common stock and a warrant for the purchase
of one share of common stock. Pursuant to the public offering, we issued and sold 2,300,000 units at a public offering price of 10.00
per unit (resulting in gross proceeds of 23,000,000) and, pursuant to the exercise of an option granted to the underwriters, warrants
for the purchase of 345,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 0.01 per warrant, less underwriting discounts and commissions.
The net proceeds of the public offering are sufficient for us to complete our Phase 2 clinical trial investigating the use of BRTX-100 .
Management believes that we have sufficient cash to fund operations for the twelve months from the issuance of the financial statements
included in this Annual Report. 

Our
operating needs include the planned costs to operate our business, including amounts required to fund our clinical trials, working capital
and capital expenditures. Our future capital requirements and the adequacy of our available funds will depend on many factors, including
our ability to successfully commercialize our products and services, competing technological and market developments, and the need to
enter into collaborations with other companies or acquire other companies or technologies to enhance or complement our product and service
offerings. 

We
may be unable to raise sufficient additional capital when we need it or raise capital on favorable terms. Future financing may require
us to pledge certain assets and enter into covenants that could restrict certain business activities or our ability to incur further
indebtedness and may contain other terms that are not favorable to our stockholders or us. If we are unable to obtain adequate funds
on reasonable terms, we may be required to significantly curtail or discontinue operations or obtain funds by entering into financing
agreements on unattractive terms. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our sources and uses of cash were as follows: 

Net
Cash Used in Operating Activities 

We
experienced negative cash flows from operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in the amounts of 5.9 million
and 3.3 million, respectively. The net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to cash
used to fund a net loss of 18.5 million, adjusted for non-cash expenses in the aggregate amount of 12.9 million. The net cash used
in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to cash used to fund a net loss of 44.3 million, adjusted
for non-cash expenses in the aggregate amount of 40.5 million. 

Net
Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022
was 13.5 million compared to 31,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The net change was primarily the result of investments
in marketable securities of 13.0 million in 2022. 

Net
Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

There
were no financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022. Net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended
December 31, 2021 was 21.3 million, primarily as a result of 21.1 million of net proceeds from an equity financing. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Impairment
of Long-lived Assets 

We
review for the impairment of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset
may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated future cash flows expected to result from the use of the
asset and its eventual disposition are less than its carrying amount. While our near-term liquidity is tight, historically we have been
successful in raising capital as needed (although there can be no assurance that we will continue to be successful in raising capital
as needed). We continue to progress our scientific agenda. We have not identified any impairment losses. 

57 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included elsewhere in this Annual Report
following Item 16 Form 10-K Summary ). 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that
is material to investors. 

ITEM
 7A . 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK . 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA . 

The
financial statements required by this Item 8 of this Annual Report are included in this Annual Report following Item 16 Form
10-K Summary ). As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide supplementary financial information. 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE . 

None. 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES . 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing disclosure controls and procedures,
our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls
and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
we are required to perform an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the
Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022. 

Management
has completed such evaluation and has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable
assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosures. As a result of the material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting described
below, we concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 were not effective. 

58 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by our
Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Material
Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework established
in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Based on this assessment, management has determined that our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was not
effective. 

A
material weakness, as defined in the standards established by the Sarbanes-Oxley is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in
internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim
consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

The
ineffectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting was due to the following material weaknesses: 

Lack
 of adherence to formal policies and procedures; 

Lack
of risk assessment procedures on internal controls to detect financial reporting risks in a timely manner; 

Lack
 of sufficient formal management testing over documented formal procedures and controls, and time to evaluate continuous
 effectiveness of controls to achieve complete and accurate financial reporting and disclosures, including documented controls over
 the preparation and review of journal entries and account reconciliations. 

Management s
Plan to Remediate the Material Weakness 

Management
has been implementing and continues to implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness
are remediated, such that these controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. The remediation actions include: 

New
 management personnel, including our Chief Financial Officer, who is overseeing the financial reporting process and implementation
 of enhanced controls and governance; 

Engagement
 of external financial consulting firm to continue to enhance financial reporting, financial operations and internal controls; and 

Documentation
 of key procedures and controls using a risk-based approach. 

Management
is committed to maintaining a strong internal controls environment and implementing measures designed to help ensure that control deficiencies
contributing to the material weakness are remediated as soon as possible. We have documented key procedures and controls using a risk-based approach and have, therefore, made progress toward remediation. We continue to implement our remediation plan, which includes continued
engagement of an external financial consulting firm to enhance financial reporting and operations as well as design and implementation
of controls. We will consider the material weakness remediated after the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time,
and Management has concluded, through testing, that the controls are operating effectively. 

59 

We
will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures over financial reporting on an ongoing
basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm
pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that exempt smaller reporting companies from this requirement. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Other
than described above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fourth quarter
of 2022 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION . 

None. 

ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS . 

Not
applicable. 

60 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE . 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Information
regarding our directors and executive officers is set forth below. Each of our officers devotes his full business time in providing services
on our behalf. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions
 Held 
 
 Lance
 Alstodt 
 
 52 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Francisco
 Silva 
 
 48 
 
 Vice
 President of Research and Development, Secretary and Director 
 
 Robert
 E. Kristal 
 
 56 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Robert
 Paccasassi 
 
 54 
 
 Vice
 President of Quality Assurance/Regulatory Compliance 
 
 Nickolay
 Kukekov, Ph.D. 
 
 49 
 
 Director,
 Compensation Committee Chair 
 
 Patrick
 F. Williams 
 
 50 
 
 Director,
 Audit Committee Chair 
 
 David
 Rosa 
 
 59 
 
 Director,
 Nominating Committee Chair 

Lance
Alstodt 

Lance
Alstodt has served as our Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board since November 2020. He served as our Executive
Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer from October 2018 to February 2020. Since 2013, Mr. Alstodt has served as Chief Executive Officer
of MedVest Consulting Corporation, an advisory and capital firm that focuses exclusively on the healthcare industry. Prior to MedVest,
he was an investment banker with over 23 years of experience with respect to healthcare investment banking, including mergers and acquisitions.
From 2011 to 2013, Mr. Alstodt was a Managing Director at Leerink Partners where he helped lead its medical technology sector. From 2009
to 2011, he was a Managing Director and Head of Medical Technology at Oppenheimer Co. From 2000 to 2009, Mr. Alstodt was a Managing
Director in the Healthcare Group and Global Mergers and Acquisitions Group at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. He previously spent seven
years as a Vice President in the Global Mergers and Acquisitions Group at J.P. Morgan Chase, where he worked extensively on acquisitions,
leveraged buyouts, private and public financings, exclusive sales and general advisory assignments. Mr. Alstodt received a degree in
Economics from the State University of New York at Albany, with a secondary concentration in Finance and Marketing. We believe that Mr.
Alstodt s executive-level management experience with us and other healthcare businesses and his extensive experience in the investment
banking field relating to the healthcare sector give him the qualifications to serve as one of our directors. 

Francisco
Silva 

Francisco
Silva has served as our Vice President of Research and Development since March 2013, having also previously served in such position from
April 2011 until March 2012. Mr. Silva was elected our Secretary and a director in November 2020. He served as our Research Scientist
from March 2012 to June 2012 and as our Chief Scientist from June 2012 to March 2013. From 2007 to 2011, Mr. Silva served as Chief Executive
Officer of DV Biologics LLC, and as President of DaVinci Biosciences, LLC, companies engaged in the commercialization of human based
biologics for both research and therapeutic applications. From 2003 to 2007, Mr. Silva served as Vice President of Research and Development
for PrimeGen Biotech LLC, a company engaged in the development of cell based platforms. From 2002 to 2003, he was a Research Scientist
with PrimeGen Biotech and was responsible for the development of experimental designs that focused on germ line reprogramming stem cell
platforms. Mr. Silva has taught courses in biology, anatomy and advanced tissue culture at California State Polytechnic University. He
has obtained a number of patents relating to stem cells and has had numerous articles published with regard to stem cell research. Mr.
Silva graduated from California State Polytechnic University with a degree in Biology. He also obtained a Graduate Presidential Fellowship
and MBRS Fellowship from California State Polytechnic University. We believe that Mr. Silva s executive-level management experience
with us since April 2011 and his extensive knowledge of the science related to our business give him the qualifications to serve as one
of our directors. 

61 

Robert
E. Kristal 

Robert
E. Kristal has served as our Chief Financial Officer since November 2021. Mr. Kristal is an experienced Wall Street and Bay Street professional
who has served in various management roles within multiple business lines of investment banks. From 2016 to 2020, he was Head of Equity
Research at H.C. Wainwright. Mr. Kristal provided investment banking and merchant banking services from 2013 to 2016 at H.C. Wainwright
and T.R. Winston. He is a Charted Financial Analyst. Mr. Kristal received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Wilfrid Laurier
University and a Bachelor of Commerce (Honors) degree in Finance from the University of Windsor. 

Robert
Paccasassi 

Robert
Paccasassi has served as our Vice President of Quality Assurance/Regulatory Compliance since December 2021, having previously served
in such position from August 2016 to September 2020, and having previously served as our Director of Quality and Compliance from September
2015 to August 2016. Mr. Paccasassi has over 20 years of experience in highly regulated product operations, with specific expertise in
GMP (large and small molecule) clinical and commercial quality assurance and regulatory compliance leadership roles. He was the Director
of Quality Systems (GMP) at Merck KGaA (Dermstadt, Germany) from 2011 to 2014. In this role, Mr. Paccasassi was responsible for leading
the ongoing development and implementation of the Corporate Quality Unit s global GMP policies, processes and directives. He held
key quality and compliance management roles at EMD Serono, Biogen Idec, Millennium Pharmaceuticals and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals. Mr.
Paccasassi was a Chief Technologist/Site Head overseeing all day to day technical and quality operations of two cGMP biologic production
laboratories for Curative Health Services. He was also a Medical Technologist working in the field of immunohematology at Brigham 
Women s Hospital, Boston, Massachusetts. Mr. Paccasassi received a Masters in Business Administration (MBA) degree from Johnson
 Wales University and a Bachelor of Science degree in Medical Technology/Biology from the University of Rhode Island. 

Nickolay
Kukekov, Ph.D. 

Nickolay
Kukekov, Ph.D. has served as one of our directors since March 2021 and Chair of our Board s Compensation Committee since November
2021. For more than the past fifteen years, Dr. Kukekov has held a number of healthcare investment banking positions. He has served as
Senior Managing Director of Paulson Investment Company, LLC since 2020. From 2012 to 2020, Dr. Kukekov was a founding partner of Highline
Research Advisors LLC. He served as a Managing Director of Summer Street Research Partners from 2010 to 2012. From 2007 to 2009, Dr.
Kukekov was a Managing Director of Paramount Capital. He served as a Vice President of Rodmen Renshaw from 2006 to 2007. He serves
as a director of Brain Scientific, Inc. and Omnia Wellness Inc. whose shares are publicly traded. Dr. Kukekov received a Bachelor of
Arts degree in molecular, cellular and developmental biology from the University of Colorado at Boulder and a Ph.D. in neuroscience from
Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons. We believe that Dr. Kukekov s extensive experience in the investment banking
field relating to the healthcare sector and his strong background in regenerative medicine give him the qualifications to serve as one
of our directors. 

Patrick
F. Williams 

Patrick
F. Williams has served as one of our directors and Chair of our Board s Audit Committee since November 2021. Mr. Williams has more
than 20 years of experience across medical device, consumer product goods and technology sectors. Appointed as Chief Financial Officer
of STAAR Surgical Company, or STAAR, in July 2020, Mr. Williams is responsible for optimizing the financial performance of STAAR and
ensuring the scalability of various functions to support high growth expansion. From 2016 to 2019, he served as the Chief Financial Officer
of Sientra, Inc. before transitioning to General Manager for its miraDry business unit. From 2012 to 2016, Mr. Williams served as
Chief Financial Officer of ZELTIQ Aesthetics, Inc., a publicly-traded medical device company that was acquired by Allergan. Previously,
he served as Vice President in finance, strategy and investor relations roles from 2007 to 2012 at NuVasive, Inc., a San-Diego based
medical device company servicing the spine sector. He has also held finance roles with Callaway Golf and Kyocera Wireless. Mr. Williams
received an MBA in Finance and Management from San Diego State University and a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from the University of
California, San Diego. We believe that Mr. Williams executive-level management experience with healthcare-related businesses,
including his financial management expertise, give him the qualifications to serve as one of our directors. 

62 

David
Rosa 

David
Rosa has served as one of our directors and Chair of our Board s Nominating Committee since November 2021. Mr. Rosa has served
as the Chief Executive Officer, President and a director of NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corporation, or NeuroOne (Nasdaq: NMTC), since
July 2017 and served as Chief Executive Officer and a director of NeuroOne, Inc., formerly its wholly-owned subsidiary, from October
2016 until December 2019, when NeuroOne, Inc. merged with and into NeuroOne. NeuroOne is committed to providing minimally invasive and
hi-definition solutions for EEG recording, brain stimulation and ablation solutions for patients suffering from epilepsy, Parkinson s
disease, dystonia, essential tremors, chronic pain due to failed back surgeries and other related neurological disorders that may improve
patient outcomes and reduce procedural costs. From November 2009 to November 2015, Mr. Rosa served as the Chief Executive Officer and
President of Sunshine Heart, Inc., n/k/a CHF Solutions, Inc. (Nasdaq: CHFS), a publicly-held early-stage medical device company. From
2008 to November 2009, he served as Chief Executive Officer of Milksmart, Inc., a company that specializes in medical devices for animals.
From 2004 to 2008, Mr. Rosa served as the Vice President of Global Marketing for Cardiac Surgery and Cardiology at St. Jude Medical,
Inc. He serves as a director on the board of directors of Biotricity Inc. (Nasdaq:BTCY) and Healthcare
Triangle, Inc. (Nasdaq:HCTI). Mr. Rosa is Chairman of Neuro Event Labs, a privately-held company in Finland, and an Advisory Board member
of SYNAPS Dx, a privately-held company in Bethesda, Maryland. We believe that Mr. Rosa s senior leadership experience in
the medical device industry and his strong technical, strategic, and operational expertise give him the qualifications to serve as one
of our directors. 

Scientific
Advisory Board 

The
following persons are the members of our Scientific Advisory Board: 

Name 
 
 Principal
 Positions 

Wayne
 Marasco, M.D., Ph.D. 
 Chairman 
 
 Professor,
 Department of Cancer Immunology AIDS, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute; 
 Professor
 of Medicine, Harvard Medical School; 
 Principal
 Faculty Member, Harvard Stem Cell Institute 

Jason
 Lipetz, M.D. 
 Chairman,
 Disc Advisory Committee 
 
 Founder,
 Long Island Spine Rehabilitation Medicine; 
 Chief
 of Spine Medicine, Northwell Health Spine Center; 
 Clinical
 Assistant Professor, Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation, Zucker School of Medicine at Hofstra/Northwell 

Wayne
 J. Olan, M.D. 
 Medical
 Director, Tissue Bank 
 
 Director,
 Interventional and Endovascular Neurosurgery; 
 Associate
 Professor, Neurosurgery and Radiology, George Washington University Medical Center; 
 Consulting
 Physician, Department of Radiology, National Institutes of Health 

Joy
 Cavagnaro, Ph.D., 
 DABT,
 RAC 
 
 President
 and Founder, Access BIO, L.C.; Fellow, Academy of Toxicological Sciences and the Regulatory Professional Society; 
 Formerly
 Senior Pharmacologist and Director of Quality Assurance, Food and Drug Administration s Center for Biologics Evaluation and
 Research 

Harvinder
 Sandhu, M.D. 
 
 Orthopedic
 Spine Surgeon, Hospital for Special Surgery; 
 Formerly
 Chief of Spinal Surgery Service, UCLA Medical Center 

Christopher
 Plastaras, M.D. 
 
 Clinical
 Director of Musculoskeletal Spine and Sports Rehabilitation Medicine and Physiatrist, MossRehab; 
 Formerly
 Director of The Penn Spine and Rehabilitation Center; 
 Formerly
 Director of Spine, Sports and Musculoskeletal Medicine Fellowship, University of Pennsylvania 

63 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our executive officers, directors and Scientific Advisory Board members. 

Term
of Office 

We
have a classified Board of Directors. The directors will hold office until the respective annual meetings of stockholders indicated below
and until their respective successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. 

Name 
 
 Class 
 
 Term
 Expires 

Lance
 Alstodt 
 
 III 
 
 2023 
 
 Francisco
 Silva 
 
 II 
 
 2025 
 
 Nickolay
 Kukekov 
 
 I 
 
 2024 
 
 Patrick
 F. Williams 
 
 III 
 
 2023 
 
 David
 Rosa 
 
 II 
 
 2025 

Each
executive officer will hold office until the initial meeting of the Board of Directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders
and until his successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits
of our financial statements. The members of the Audit Committee are Mr. Williams (Chair), Dr. Kukekov and Mr. Rosa. 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

Our
Board has determined that Mr. Williams qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as that term is defined in Item
407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reports 

Section
16 of the Exchange Act requires that reports of beneficial ownership of common stock and changes in such ownership be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission by Section 16 reporting persons, including directors, certain officers, holders of more
than 10 of the outstanding common stock and certain trusts of which reporting persons are trustees. We are required to disclose in this
Annual Report each reporting person whom we know to have failed to file any required reports under Section 16 on a timely basis during
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. To our knowledge, based solely on a review of copies of Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our officers, directors and 10 stockholders complied with all
Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to them, except that Mr. Silva filed one Form 4 late (reporting multiple transactions on
two trading days) and Dale Broadrick, a 10 stockholder, filed four Forms 4 late (reporting multiple late transactions on eleven trading
days). 

Code
of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers 

Our
Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Ethics for our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A copy of the Code of Ethics is posted on our website, www.biorestorative.com.
We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05(c) of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or a waiver from, our Code
of Ethics by posting such information on our website, www.biorestorative.com. 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION . 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following Summary Compensation Table sets forth all compensation earned in all capacities during the fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 by (i) our principal executive officer, and (ii) our two most highly compensated executive officers, other than our principal
executive officer, who were serving as an executive officer as of December 31, 2022 and whose total compensation for the 2022 fiscal
year, as determined by Regulation S-K, Item 402, exceeded 100,000 (the individuals falling within categories (i) and (ii) are collectively
referred to as the Named Executive Officers): 

Name
and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards (1) 
 Option Awards (1) 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Lance Alstodt 
 2022 
 400,000 
 - 
 52,364 
 - 
 - 
 452,364 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (2) 
 2021 
 275,000 
 - 
 6,984,812 
 14,081,677 
 - 
 21,341,489 

Francisco Silva 
 2022 
 375,000 
 - 
 52,364 
 - 
 - 
 427,364 
 
 VP, Research and Development 
 2021 
 259,375 
 - 
 6,984,812 
 14,081,677 
 - 
 21,325,864 

Robert
 Kristal 
 2022 
 175,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 175,000 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (2) 
 2021 
 29,166 
 - 
 - 
 53,217 
 - 
 82,383 

(1) 
 Amounts
 reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of grants made in the fiscal year computed in accordance with stock-based accounting
 rules (FASB ASC Topic 718-Stock Compensation). Assumptions used in the calculations of these amounts are included in Note 7 to our
 consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Kristal has been serving as our Chief Financial Officer since November 4, 2021. 

64 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table provides information on outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2022 to the Named Executive Officers: 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 exercisable 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 unexercisable 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Exercised 
 Unearned 
 options 
 Option 
 Exercise 
 price 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 date 
 Number 
 of shares 
 or units of 
stock that 
 have not 
 vested 
 Market 
 value of 
 shares of 
units that 
 have not 
 vested 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 awards: 
 Number 
 of 
 Unearned 
 shares, 
 unites or 
 other 
 rights 
 that have 
 not 
 vested 
 Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 awards: 
 Market 
 or 
 Payout 
 value of 
 unearned 
 shares, 
 units or 
 other 
 rights 
 that have 
 not 
 vested 
 
 Lance Alstodt 
 275,137 
 18,342 (1) 
 - 
 5.08 
 3/18/2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Lance Alstodt 
 23,659 
 18,400 (2) 
 - 
 5.08 
 11/4/2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Lance Alstodt 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 100,935 (3) 
 277,571 
 - 
 - 

Francisco Silva 
 275,137 
 18,342 (1) 
 - 
 5.08 
 3/18/2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Francisco Silva 
 23,659 
 18,400 (2) 
 - 
 5.08 
 11/4/2031 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Francisco Silva 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 100,935 (3) 
 277,571 
 - 
 - 

Francisco Silva 
 1 
 - 
 - 
 18,800 
 10/4/2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Francisco Silva 
 3 
 - 
 - 
 18,800 
 2/18/2024 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Francisco Silva 
 1 
 - 
 - 
 18,800 
 3/12/2024 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Francisco Silva 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 18,800 
 10/23/2024 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Francisco Silva 
 6 
 - 
 - 
 18,800 
 9/4/2025 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Francisco Silva 
 15 
 - 
 - 
 14,920 
 6/10/2026 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Francisco Silva 
 20 
 - 
 - 
 11,200 
 7/12/2027 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Francisco Silva 
 25 
 - 
 - 
 4,920 
 10/29/2028 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Option
 becomes exercisable on March 18, 2023. 

(2) 
 Option
 becomes exercisable in seven nearly equal quarterly installments beginning on February 4, 2023. 

(3) 
 Restricted
 stock vests to the extent of 1,036 shares on January 18, 2023, 1,037 shares on February 18, 2023, 49,949 shares on March 18, 2023
 and 48,913 shares on March 18, 2024. 

Employment
Agreements 

Lance
Alstodt 

Effective
November 16, 2020, Mr. Alstodt was elected our Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board. On March 18, 2021, we entered
into an employment agreement with Mr. Alstodt which provides for a term ending on March 18, 2026. Pursuant to the employment agreement,
Mr. Alstodt currently is entitled to receive an annual salary of 400,000 (giving effect to a 150,000 performance salary increase received
in November 2021). Concurrently with the execution of the employment agreement, we granted to Mr. Alstodt pursuant to the 2021 Plan (i)
a ten year option for the purchase of 293,479 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 47.60 per share (which exercise price
was subsequently reduced to 13.50 per share and further reduced, subject to stockholder approval, to 5.08 per share) and (ii) 146,740
restricted stock units, or RSUs. The option vests to the extent of 50 thereof on the date of grant, 12.5 on November 4, 2021 and the
balance in six equal quarterly installments commencing on December 18, 2021. The RSUs vest in three equal annual installments on the
first, second and third anniversaries of the date of grant. In the event that Mr. Alstodt s employment is terminated by us without
 cause , or Mr. Alstodt terminates his employment for good reason (each as defined in the employment agreement),
Mr. Alstodt will be entitled to receive severance in an amount up to one time his then annual base salary. If Mr. Alstodt s employment
with us is terminated without cause, the option granted to Mr. Alstodt will vest and become exercisable and such option will remain exercisable
until its expiration date notwithstanding such termination of employment with us. In addition, the RSUs granted to Mr. Alstodt will vest
in the event of the termination of his employment without cause or in the event of a change in control (as defined in the 2021 Plan).
In March 2022, we and Mr. Alstodt agreed that, in lieu of a 50,000 increase in his annual salary (as provided for in his employment
agreement), we issued to Mr. Alstodt 12,438 RSUs (having a value of 50,000), which RSUs will vest in twelve equal monthly installments.
Such grant was in consideration of Mr. Alstodt deferring his right to receive the 50,000 increase in his salary for one year. Effective
in March 2023, pursuant to his employment agreement, Mr. Alstodt will be entitled to his annual increase of 50,000 in his salary (plus,
in March 2023, the 50,000 salary increase deferral discussed above). 

65 

Francisco
Silva 

On
March 18, 2021, we and Mr. Silva entered into an employment agreement which provides for a term ending on March 18, 2026. Pursuant to
the employment agreement, Mr. Silva is currently entitled to receive an annual salary of 375,000 (giving effect to a 150,000 performance
salary increase received in November 2021). Concurrently with the execution of the employment agreement, we granted to Mr. Silva pursuant
to the 2021 Plan (i) a ten year option for the purchase of 293,479 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 47.60 per share
(which exercise price was subsequently reduced to 13.50 per share and further reduced, subject to stockholder approval, to 5.08 per
share) and (ii) 146,740 RSUs. The option vests to the extent of 50 thereof on the date of grant, 12.5 on November 4, 2021 and the balance
in six equal quarterly installments commencing on December 18, 2021. The RSUs vest in three equal annual installments on the first, second
and third anniversaries of the date of grant. In the event that Mr. Silva s employment is terminated by us without cause ,
or Mr. Silva terminates his employment for good reason (each as defined in the employment agreement), Mr. Silva will be
entitled to receive severance in an amount up to one time his then annual base salary. If Mr. Silva s employment with us is terminated
without cause, the option granted to Mr. Silva will vest and become exercisable and such option will remain exercisable until its expiration
date notwithstanding such termination of employment with us. In addition, the RSUs granted to Mr. Silva will vest in the event of the
termination of his employment without cause or in the event of a change in control (as defined in the 2021 Plan). In March 2022, we and
Mr. Silva agreed that, in lieu of a 50,000 increase in his annual salary (as provided for in his employment agreement), we issued to
Mr. Silva 12,438 RSUs (having a value of 50,000), which RSUs will vest in twelve equal monthly installments. Such grant was in consideration
of Mr. Silva deferring his right to receive the 50,000 increase in his salary for one year. Effective in March 2023, pursuant to his
employment agreement, Mr. Silva will be entitled to his annual increase of 50,000 in his salary (plus, in March 2023, the 50,000 salary
increase deferral discussed above). 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning the compensation of our non-employee directors for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022: 

Name 
 Fees 
 Earned 
 or Paid 
 in Cash 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 Option 
Awards 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Nickolay Kukekov 
 - 
 - 
 - (1) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Patrick F. Williams 
 - 
 - 
 - (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 David Rosa 
 - 
 - 
 - (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 As
 of December 31, 2022, Dr. Kukekov held options for the purchase of 25,236 shares of common stock. 

(2) 
 As
 of December 31, 2022, Mr. Williams held options for the purchase of 10,490 shares of common stock. 

(3) 
 As
 of December 31, 2022, Mr. Rosa held options for the purchase of 10,490 shares of common stock. 

Dr.
Kukekov and Messrs. Williams and Rosa, our non-employee directors, as compensation for their services as a director, are entitled to
receive per annum 30,000 in cash and 90,000 in option grants. 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS . 

Principal
Stockholders 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock, as of March 22, 2023, known by
us, through transfer agent records and reports filed with the SEC, to be held by: (i) each person who beneficially owns 5 or more of
the shares of common stock then outstanding; (ii) each of our directors; (iii) each of our Named Executive Officers (as defined above);
and (iv) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. The following table also sets forth certain information regarding the
beneficial ownership of our Series B preferred stock as of March 22, 2023. 

66 

The
information in this table reflects beneficial ownership as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act. To our knowledge,
and unless otherwise indicated, each stockholder has sole voting power and investment power over the shares listed as beneficially owned
by such stockholder, subject to community property laws where applicable. Percentage ownership is based on 3,767,615 shares of common
stock and 1,518,158 shares of Series B preferred stock outstanding as of March 22, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial 
 Owner 
 
 Number
 of 
Shares of 
 Common Stock 
 Beneficially 
 
 Owned 
 
 Approximate 

 Percent of 
Class 
 
 Number
 of 
Shares of Series 
 B Preferred 
 Stock 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 

Approximate 

 Percent of Class 

Directors
 and Executive Officers 

Lance
 Alstodt (1) 

453,701 
 (2) 
 
 11.1 

- 

- 

Francisco
 Silva (1) 

444,642 
 (3) 
 
 10.9 

- 

- 

Robert
 Kristal (1) 

15,862 
 (4) 

Nickolay
 Kukekov 

17,350 
 (5) 

- 

- 

Patrick
 F. Williams 

7,868 
 (5) 

- 

- 

David
 Rosa 

7,868 
 (5) 

- 

- 

All
 directors and executive officers as a group (7 persons) 

953,499 
 (6) 
 
 21.4 

- 

- 

Certain
 Beneficial Owners 

Dale
 Broadrick (7) 

623,404 
 (8) 
 
 16.1 

- 

- 

Auctus
 Fund, LLC (9) 
 Auctus
 Fund Management LLC (9) 
 Alfred
 Sollami (9) 
 Louis
 Posner (9) 

376,004 
 (10) 
 
 9.99 

1,518,158 
 (11) 

100 

Less
 than 1 

(1) 
 Address
 is c/o BioRestorative Therapies, Inc., 40 Marcus Drive, Suite One, Melville, New York 11747. 

(2) 
 Includes
 322,395 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options that are exercisable currently or within 60 days. 

(3) 
 Includes
 322,475 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options that are exercisable currently or within 60 days and 12,136
 shares of common stock held by Mr. Silva in a retirement account. 

(4) 
 Includes
 7,868 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options that are exercisable currently or within 60 days. 

(5) 
 Represents
 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options that are exercisable currently or within 60 days. 

(6) 
 Includes
 692,032 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options that are exercisable currently or within 60 days. 

(7) 
 Address
 is 3003 Brick Church Pike, Nashville, Tennessee 

(8) 
 Based
 upon Amendment No. 8 to Schedule 13D and Form 4 filed with the SEC. Includes 1,359 shares common stock issuable upon the exercise
 of currently exercisable warrants and 316,972 shares of common stock held by Fleetco Inc. of which Mr. Broadrick is a
 93 stockholder. 

67 

(9) 
 Address
 is 545 Boylston Street, 2 nd Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. 

(10) 
 Based
 upon Amendment No. 1 to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC, Auctus Fund, LLC, or Auctus, holds a warrant for the purchase of up to
 1,676,580 shares of our common stock. In addition, Auctus shares of Series B preferred stock are convertible into an
 aggregate of 1,518,158 shares of our common stock. However, such warrant is not exercisable to the extent Auctus would beneficially
 own, after such exercise, more than 9.99 of our outstanding shares of common stock. In addition, such Series B preferred
 stock is not convertible into shares of our common stock to the extent Auctus would own, after such conversion, more than 9.99 of
 our outstanding shares of common stock. Since Auctus has indicated in its Amendment No.1 to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC, as of
 December 31, 2022, that it owned 285,828 shares of common stock, which represented 7.8 of the then 3,673,629 outstanding shares of
 common stock, and that such warrant is exercisable for the purchase of 90,176 shares of our common stock (increasing Auctus 
 beneficial ownership of our common stock to 9.99 ), such Series B preferred stock is not currently convertible into shares of our
 common stock. The number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by Auctus includes such 90,176 shares of common
 stock issuable upon exercise of the warrant. Based upon the increase in the number of shares of common stock that are outstanding from 3,673,629 to 3,767,615,
additional shares are issuable pursuant to an exercise of the warrant to maintain such 9.99 beneficial ownership interest. 

(11) 
 Pursuant
 to the Certificate of Designations of Preferred Stock with regard to the Series B preferred stock, Auctus, as the sole holder of
 the 1,518,158 outstanding shares of Series B preferred stock, is entitled to vote such shares based on the number of shares of common
 stock into which such shares are convertible (currently 1,518,158); however, pursuant to such Certificate of Designations of Preferred
 Stock, as indicated in footnote (10), such Series B preferred stock is not convertible into shares of our common stock to the extent
 Auctus would beneficially own, after such conversion, more than 9.99 of our then outstanding shares of common stock. Since
 Auctus has indicated in its Amendment No.1 to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC, as of December 31, 2022, that it owned 285,828 shares
 of common stock, which represented 7.8 of the outstanding shares of common stock, and that its warrant for the purchase of common
 stock is exercisable for the purchase of 90,176 shares of our common stock (increasing Auctus beneficial ownership of our
 common stock to 9.99 ), its Series B preferred stock is not currently convertible into shares of our common stock. Accordingly,
 as of March 22, 2023, Auctus, as the sole holder of the Series B preferred stock, is not entitled to vote any such shares. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to compensation plans (including individual compensation
arrangements) under which our common stock are authorized for issuance, aggregated as follows: 

All
 compensation plans previously approved by security holders; and 

All
 compensation plans not previously approved by security holders. 

EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

Number of 
 securities to be 
 issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options (a) 

Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options 
 (b) 

Number of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for future 
 issuance under 
 equity 
 compensation 
 plans (excluding 
 securities reflected 
 in column (a)) 

Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 

864,639 
 (1) 

5.08 

1,318,094 
 (2) 
 
 Total 

864,639 

5.08 

1,318,094 

(1) 
 Includes
 options to purchase up to 1,089 shares of common stock under the Company s 2010 Plan. 

(2) 
 Includes
 201,870 unvested restricted stock units outstanding at December 31, 2022. 

68 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE . 

Director
Independence 

Board
of Directors 

Our
Board of Directors is comprised of Lance Alstodt (Chair), Francisco Silva, Nickolay Kukekov, Patrick F. Williams and David Rosa. Each
of Dr. Kukekov, Mr. Williams and Mr. Rosa is an independent director based on the definition of independence in Listing
Rule 5605(a)(2) of The Nasdaq Stock Market. 

Audit
Committee 

Mr.
Williams (Chair), Dr. Kukekov and Mr. Rosa are the members of our Board s Audit Committee. Each of Mr. Williams, Dr. Kukekov and
Mr. Rosa is an independent director based on the definition of independence in Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) of The Nasdaq Stock
Market and Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. Our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Williams qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert, as that term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. 

Nominating
Committee 

Mr.
Rosa (Chair), Dr. Kukekov and Mr. Williams are the members of our Board s Nominating Committee. Each of Mr. Rosa, Dr. Kukekov and
Mr. Williams is an independent director based on the definition of independence in Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) of The Nasdaq
Stock Market. 

Compensation
Committee 

Dr.
Kukekov (Chair), Mr. Williams and Mr. Rosa are the members of our Board s Compensation Committee. Each of Dr. Kukekov, Mr. Williams
and Mr. Rosa is an independent director based on the definition of independence in Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) of The Nasdaq
Stock Market. 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES . 

Marcum
LLP served as our independent registered public accountants for the year ended December 31, 2022. Friedman LLP served as our independent
registered public accountants for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The
following is a summary of the fees billed or expected to be billed to us by Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accountants,
for professional services rendered with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and by Friedman LLP, our former independent
registered public accountants, for professional services rendered with respect to the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Marcum LLP 
 Friedman
 LLP 

2022 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 65,000 
 30,000 
 95,000 
 
 Audit-related fees (2) 
 2,500 
 4,000 
 40,500 
 
 Tax fees (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

67,500 
 34,000 
 135,500 

(1) 
 Audit
 Fees consist of fees billed and expected to be billed for services rendered for the audit of our consolidated financial statements
 for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the review of our condensed consolidated financial statements included
 in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 

(2) 
 Audit-Related
 Fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit of our
 financial statements and in connection with the filing of Forms S-1 and S-8 registration statements and are not reported under Audit
 Fees. 

(3) 
 Tax
 Fees consist of fees billed for professional services related to preparation of our U.S. federal and state income tax returns and
 tax advice. 

(4) 
 All
 Other Fees consist of fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accountants, other than
 those disclosed above. 

The
Audit Committee is responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accountants,
and approves in advance any services to be performed by the independent registered public accountants, whether audit-related or not.
The Audit Committee reviews each proposed engagement to determine whether the provision of services is compatible with maintaining the
independence of the independent registered public accountants. The fees shown above were pre-approved either by our Board or our Audit
Committee. 

69 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES . 

Exhibit No. 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K for an event dated December 29, 2022, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 3.3 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series B Preferred Stock, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K for an event dated December 29, 2022, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 3.4 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K for an event dated December 29, 2022, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 3.5 
 
 10.1 
 
 License Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2012, between Regenerative Sciences, LLC and BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. License Agreement ), incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 10.44 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amendment to License Agreement, dated March 21, 2012, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 10.45 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amendment to License Agreement, dated November 30, 2015, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 10.20 
 
 10.4 
 
 Letter agreement, dated November 21, 2022, by and among BioRestorative Therapies, Inc., Regenerative Sciences, LLC and Regenexx, LLC with regard to License Agreement 
 
 10.5 
 
 Lease, dated as of August 25, 2014, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and 50 Republic Road, LLC, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K for an event dated August 25, 2014, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 99.1 
 
 10.6 
 
 Lease Amendment, dated as of June 4, 2019, between 50 Republic Road, LLC and BioRestorative Therapies, Inc., incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 10.37 
 
 10.7 
 
 BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended 
 
 10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2021, by and between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Lance Alstodt, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K for an event dated March 18, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 99.2 
 
 10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2021, by and between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Francisco Silva, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K for an event dated March 18, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 99.3 
 
 10.10 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2021, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Lance Alstodt, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K for an event dated March 18, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 99.4 
 
 10.11 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2021, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Francisco Silva, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K for an event dated March 18, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 99.5 
 
 10.12 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2021, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Lance Alstodt, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K for an event dated March 18, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 99.6 
 
 10.13 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2021, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Francisco Silva, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K for an event dated March 18, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 99.7 
 
 10.14 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2021, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Lance Alstodt, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K for an event dated November 4, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 99.2 

70 

10.15 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2021, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Francisco Silva, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K for an event dated November 4, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 99.3 
 
 10.16 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2021, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Nickolay Kukekov, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 10.15 
 
 10.17 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2021, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Patrick F. Williams, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 10.16 
 
 10.18 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2021, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and David Rosa, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 10.17 
 
 10.19 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2021, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Lance Alstodt, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 10.18 
 
 10.20 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2021, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Francisco Silva, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 10.19 
 
 10.21 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated November 9, 2021, issued by BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. pursuant to public offering, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 10.20 
 
 10.22 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated November 9, 2021, issued by BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. to Auctus Fund, LLC, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 10.21 
 
 10.23 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Lance Alstodt, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 10.22 
 
 10.24 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Francisco Silva, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 10.23 
 
 10.25 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Nickolay Kukekov, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 10.24 
 
 10.26 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Patrick F. Williams, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 10.25 
 
 10.27 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and David Rosa, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 10.26 
 
 10.28 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2023, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Lance Alstodt 
 
 10.29 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2023, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Francisco Silva 
 
 10.30 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2023, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Robert Kristal 
 
 10.31 
 
 Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2023, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Robert Paccasassi 
 
 10.32 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2023, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Nickolay Kukekov 

71 

10.33 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2023, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Patrick F. Williams 
 
 10.34 
 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2023, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and David Rosa 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 14 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries, incorporated by reference to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, wherein such document is identified as Exhibit 21 
 
 23.1 
 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 
 
 23.2 
 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 
 
 31.1 
 
 Principal Executive Officer Certification 
 
 31.2 
 
 Principal Financial Officer Certification 
 
 32 
 
 Section 1350 Certification 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY . 

Not
applicable 

72 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BIORESTORATIVE
 THERAPIES, INC. 

Dated:
 March 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Lance Alstodt 

Lance
 Alstodt 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Lance Alstodt 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President, Chairman of the Board and Director 
 
 March
24, 2023 
 
 Lance
 Alstodt 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
Francisco Silva 
 
 Vice
President, Research and Development and Director 
 
 March
24, 2023 
 
 Francisco
 Silva 

/ s/
Robert E. Kristal 
 
 Chief
Financial Officer 
 
 March
24, 2023 
 
 Robert
 E. Kristal 
 
 (Principal
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Nickolay Kukekov 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Nickolay
 Kukekov 

/s/
 Patrick F. Williams 
 
 Director

March
 24, 2023 
 
 Patrick
 F. Williams 

/s/
 David Rosa 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 David
 Rosa 

73 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

BIORESTORATIVE
THERAPIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (Marcum LLP, PCAOB ID 688; Friedman LLP, PCAOB ID 
 F-2 

CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 
Shareholders of BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. Subsidiary. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. Subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity (deficit), and cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
Friedman llp 

We
served as the Company s auditor from 2020-2022. 

Marlton,
New Jersey 

 March
30, 2022 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 BioRestorative
Therapies, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet s of BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash
flow for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide s
 a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

Marcum
 LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 (such date takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP
by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022.) 

March 24, 2023 

F- 3 

BIORESTORATIVE
THERAPIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investments held in marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use asset 

Intangible assets, net 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Lease liability, current portion 

PPP loan payable, current portion 
 - 

Total Current Liabilities 

Lease liability, net of current portion 

PPP loan payable, net of current portion 
 - 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred stock, par value; Authorized, shares; 

Series A Convertible Preferred stock, par value; designated shares, and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 - 

Series B Convertible Preferred stock, par value; designated shares, and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 
 - 
 
 Preferred
 stock, value 

Common stock, par value; Authorized, shares; and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

BIORESTORATIVE
THERAPIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

For the Year Ended, 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (income) expense: 

Interest (income) expense 

Loss on extinguishment of notes payable, net 
 - 

Gain on PPP loan forgiveness 
 
 - 
 
 Grant income 
 
 - 
 
 Other expense 
 
 - 
 
 Total other (income) expense 

Net loss 

Net Loss Per Share - Basic and Diluted 

Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding - Basic and Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

BIORESTORATIVE
THERAPIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Series A Convertible 
 Series B Convertible 

Additional 
 
 Total Stockholders 

Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Shares and warrants issued for cash related to public offering, net 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Shares issued in connection with the public offering in exchange for notes payable, accrued interest and outstanding warrants 

- 
 - 

- 

Shares issued in exchange of notes payable and accrued interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Shares issued in cashless exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Shares issued in litigation settlement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair market value of beneficial conversion feature and warrants issued with convertible notes payable instruments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation: 

- restricted share units 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

Issuance of Series B Preferred Stock in exchange for Series A Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Warrants issued in connection with license exclusivity agreement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Common stock issued in exchange for Series B Preferred Stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation: 

- 
 
 - restricted share units 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

- options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- common stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

BIORESTORATIVE
THERAPIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of debt discount 
 - 

Depreciation and amortization 

Unrealized gain on marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compenation 

Shares issued in settlement of litigation 
 - 

Loss on extinguishment of note payables, net 
 - 

Gain on PPP loan forgiveness 
 
 - 
 
 Non-cash lease expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid assets and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Lease liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of intangible assets 
 
 - 
 
 Purchases of equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of units in public offering, net 
 - 

Proceeds from notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from PPP Loan 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 - 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents - end of year 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for: 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Shares issued in exchange for notes payable and accrued interest 
 - 

Accrued expense exchanged for converitble notes 
 - 

Bifurcated embedded conversion options and warrants recorded as derivative liability and debt discount 
 - 

Convertible debt and accrued interest exchanged for common and preferred shares and warrants in public offering 
 - 

Accrued DIP expenses exchanged for convertible notes 
 - 

Warrants issued as consideration for intangible assets 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

BIORESTORATIVE
THERAPIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million (of which, million was attributable to non-cash stock-based compensation) and negative
cash flows from operations of million. The Company s operating activities consume the majority of its cash resources. The
Company anticipates that it will continue to incur net losses as it executes its development plans for 2023 and beyond, as well as other
potential strategic and business development initiatives. In addition, the Company has had and expects to have negative cash flows from
operations, at least into the near future. The Company has previously funded, and plans to continue funding, these losses primarily through
current cash on hand, investments in marketable securities and additional infusions of cash from equity and debt financing. 

Based
on cash on hand as of December 31, 2022, the Company believes it has sufficient cash to fund operations for the twelve months subsequent
to the filing date. 

Current
funds noted above will not be sufficient to enable the Company to fully complete its development activities or attain profitable operations.
If the Company is unable to obtain such needed additional financing on a timely basis, the Company may have to curtail its development,
marketing and promotional activities, which would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition
and results of operations, and ultimately the Company could be forced to discontinue its operations and liquidate. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America GAAP ), which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of
assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The carrying amounts of assets and liabilities presented in
the consolidated financial statements do not necessarily purport to represent realizable or settlement values. The accompanying consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Business
Operations 

BRT
develops therapeutic products and medical therapies using cell and tissue protocols, primarily involving adult stem cells. BRT s
website is at www.biorestorative.com. BRT is currently developing a Disc/Spine Program referred to as brtxDISC . Its lead
cell therapy candidate, BRTX-100 , is a product formulated from autologous (or a person s own) cultured mesenchymal stem
cells collected from the patient s bone marrow. The product is intended to be used for the non-surgical treatment of painful lumbosacral
disc disorders or as a complimentary therapeutic to a surgical procedure. BRT is also engaging in research efforts with respect to a
platform technology utilizing brown adipose (fat) for therapeutic purposes to treat type 2 diabetes, obesity and other metabolic disorders
and has labeled this initiative its ThermoStem Program. Further, BRT has licensed a patented curved needle device that is a needle system
designed to deliver cells and/or other therapeutic products or material to the spine and discs or other potential sites. 

. As of December
31, 2022, the Company has not experienced losses on this account. 

The
royalties related to the Company s sublicense comprised all of the Company s revenue during the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. See Revenue below. 

and , respectively, of revenue related to the Company s sublicenses. 

Practical
Expedients 

As
part of ASC Topic 606, the Company has adopted several practical expedients including: 

Significant
 Financing Component - the Company does not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing
 component since the Company expects, at contract inception, that the period between when the Company transfers a promised good or
 service to the customer and when the customer pays for that good or service will be one year or less. 

Unsatisfied
 Performance Obligations - all performance obligations related to contracts with a duration for less than one year; the Company has
 elected to apply the optional exemption provided in ASC Topic 606 and, therefore, is not required to disclose the aggregate amount
 of transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partially satisfied at the end of the reporting
 period. 

Right
 to Invoice - the Company has a right to consideration from a customer in an amount that corresponds directly with the value to the
 customer of the Company s performance completed to date; the Company may recognize revenue in the amount to which the entity
 has a right to invoice. 

Contract
Modifications 

Except
as disclosed above with the SCTC, there were no contract modifications during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Contract modifications
are not routine in the performance of the Company s contracts. 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

t record an allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

. Expenditures that enhance the useful lives of the assets are capitalized and depreciated. Computer
equipment costs are capitalized, as incurred, and depreciated on a straight-line basis over a range of - years. 

Leasehold
improvements are amortized over the lesser of (i) the useful life of the asset, or (ii) the remaining lease term. Maintenance and repairs
are charged to expense as incurred. The Company capitalizes cost attributable to the betterment of property and equipment when such betterment
extends the useful life of the assets. At the time of retirement or other disposition of property and equipment, the cost and accumulated
depreciation will be removed from the accounts and the resulting gain or loss, if any, will be reflected in operations. 

impairment charge for our long-lived assets. 

- 
 - 
 
 Marketable securities as of December 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized unrealized gain of on its marketable securities within Other income,
net in its Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

Warrants 

Unvested RSUs 

Convertible preferred stock 

Total 

The
Company utilizes ASC 740, Income Taxes, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected
future tax consequences of events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements or tax returns. The Company accounts
for income taxes using the asset and liability method to compute the differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and
the related financial amounts, using currently enacted tax rates. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely-than-not 
that a deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

For
uncertain tax positions that meet a more likely than not threshold, the Company recognizes the benefit of uncertain tax
positions in the consolidated financial statements. The Company s practice is to recognize interest and penalties, if any, related
to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

as of December 31, 2022. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Computer software and equipment 

Office equipment 

Manufacturing equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Total
depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Depreciation expense is reflected
in general and administrative expenses and research and development expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 

and issued warrants,
with a fair value of , in exchange for renewed exclusivity. The consideration transferred to the SCTC in exchange for exclusivity
was capitalized to intangible assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

In
February 2017, the Company received authorization from the Food and Drug Administration (the FDA to proceed with a Phase
2 clinical trial. In February 2022, the Company announced that the United States Patent and Trademark Office has issued a notice of allowance
for a patent application relating to the Company s BRTX-100 clinical program. This patent was issued in March 2022. 

Amortization expense 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Consideration transferred for license exclusivity 
 - 
 
 - 

Amortization expense 
 - 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Weighted average remaining amortization period as of December 31, 2022 
 - 

Amortization expense 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Amortization expense 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Accrued research and development expenses 
 - 

Accrued general and administrative expenses 

Total accrued expenses 

Issuances 
 - 
 
 Forgiveness 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 - 

shares of the Company s Preferred Stock, par value per share, designated
as Series A Preferred Stock Series A ). The Series A had a liquidation preference of per share. On September 8,
2022, the Company issued shares of Series B Preferred Stock Series B to Auctus Fund, LLC Auctus in exchange for an equal number of shares of the Company s outstanding Series A. Simultaneously, the stock certificate representing
the Series A shares was being returned to the Company for cancellation. On such date and upon such exchange, the Company s Board
of Directors cancelled the Series A. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

Effective
September 8, 2022, the Company issued shares of Series B to Auctus in exchange for an equal number of shares of the Company s
outstanding Series A. The Company shall, at all times, reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number
of shares to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the full conversion of the Series B. The Series B is not subject to redemption
by the Company or any Series B holder. The exchange of Series A for Series B had no impact on the Company s financial statements
as of December 31, 2022. 

Dividends 

Series
B holders shall be entitled to receive, when and as declared by the Board of Directors, dividends on a pari passu basis with the holders
of the shares of Common Stock based upon the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Series B is then convertible. 

Voting
Rights 

Series
B holders shall be entitled to vote on all matters presented to the stockholders of the Company for a vote at a meeting of stockholders
of the Company or a written consent in lieu of a meeting of stockholders of the Company, and shall be entitled to such number of votes
for each share of Series B entitled to vote at such meetings or pursuant to such consent, voting together with the holders of shares
of Common Stock and other shares of preferred stock who are entitled to vote, and not as a separate class, except as required by law.
The number of votes to which the Series B holders shall be entitled to vote for each share of Series B shall equal the number of shares
of Common Stock into which such Series B is then convertible; provided, however, that in no event shall a Series B holder be entitled
to vote more than of the then outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

Conversion 

Optional
Conversion - Each share of Series B shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time, at the option of the Series B holder, into
one share of Common Stock; provided, however, that in no event shall a Series B holder be entitled to convert any shares of Series B
to the extent that such conversion would result in beneficial ownership by such Series B holder of more than of the outstanding
shares of common stock. 

Automatic
Conversion From time to time, in the event of that an event occurs, including adjustment due to merger, consolidation, etc.,
subdivision or combination of Common Stock, adjustment due to distribution, purchase rights, and notice of adjustments, which has the
effect of reducing a Series B holder s beneficial ownership of shares of common stock to less than of the then publicly disclosed
outstanding shares of Common Stock, then, within five (5) business days, the Series B holder shall provide notice to the Company to such
effect, which notice shall state the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Series B holder and shall provide reasonable
detail with regard thereto, including the number of derivative securities compromising a portion of such beneficial share amount. Such
notice shall have the effect of a notice of conversion with respect to the conversion of such number of shares of Series B as would increase
the Series B holder s beneficial ownership of Common Stock to of the then publicly disclosed outstanding shares of Common
Stock. 

On
October 25, 2022, Auctus converted shares of Series B into shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Series B remaining
outstanding after this conversion is . 

2021
Stock Incentive Plan 

On
March 18, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors adopted the BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2021
Plan ). Pursuant to the 2021 Plan, a total of shares of common stock were initially authorized to be issued pursuant
to the grant of stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights and other incentive awards. 

Amendments
to 2021 Stock Incentive Plan 

On
December 10, 2021, subject to stockholder approval, the Company s Board of Directors approved amendments to the 2021 Plan to increase
the number of shares of Common Stock authorized to be issued from to and to clarify certain provisions of the 2021
Plan as to the authority of the Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee to make adjustments to, among other things, the exercise
price of granted options. Concurrently, subject to stockholder approval of the amendments to the 2021 Plan, the Company s Compensation
Committee reduced the exercise price of the outstanding options under the 2021 Plan for the purchase of an aggregate of shares
of the Company s common stock from per share to per share (the closing price of the Company s common stock on
the day immediately preceding the Compensation Committee determination), including the options held by the Company s officers and
directors as follows: On November
3, 2022, the Company s stockholders approved the amendments to the 2021 Plan. 

The
impact resulting from the amendments was immaterial to the Company s financial statements. 

Compensatory
Common Stock Issuance 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of immediately vested common stock with an aggregate value of 
to third parties for services rendered. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of immediately vested
common stock with a value of to a consultant for services rendered. 

Warrant
and Option Valuation 

The
Company has computed the fair value of warrants and options granted using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The expected term used
for warrants and options issued to non-employees is the contractual life and the expected term used for options issued to employees and
directors is the estimated period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The Company utilizes the simplified 
method to develop an estimate of the expected term of plain vanilla employee option grants. The Company is utilizing an
expected volatility figure based on a review of the historical volatilities, over a period of time, equivalent to the expected life of
the instrument being valued, of similarly positioned public companies within its industry. The risk-free interest rate was determined
from the implied yields from U.S. Treasury zero-coupon bonds with a remaining term consistent with the expected term of the instrument
being valued. 

Warrant
Activity Summary 

On
October 21, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock to a warrant holder, as a result of the cashless exercise of 
warrants. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of , shares of the Company s common stock, as a result
of the cashless exercise of warrants by Auctus. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued warrants to the SCTC as part of consideration transferred in exchange for
exclusivity under a license agreement. 

- 
 
 Issued 

- 
 
 Exercised 

- 
 
 Exchanged or forfeited 

- 
 
 Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

- 
 
 Granted 

- 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Expired 

- 
 
 Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

- 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

- 

Expected term (years) 
 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

The
weighted average estimated fair value of the warrants granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and 
per warrant, respectively. The Company did not issue any shares during the years ended December 31, 2022. 

Stock
Options 

On
March 18, 2021, the Company, pursuant to two employment agreements, granted to its Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of
the Board and its Vice President, Research and Development options to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s
common stock. The options initially 

On
November 4, 2021, the Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of shares of its common stock (including options to purchase
 shares each granted to Robert Kristal, its Chief Financial Officer, Patrick Williams, a director of the Company, and David Rosa,
a director of the Company) to its officers and directors. Also included within the share option grants were grants to each of
Mr. Alstodt and Mr. Silva for the purchase of shares of common stock and to Dr. Nickolay Kukekov, a director of the Company, for
the purchase of shares of common stock. 

On
November 4, 2021, the Company granted options to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock to members
of its Scientific Advisory Board and various employees and consultants. 

On
December 10, 2021, the Company reduced the exercise price of all options from per share to per share, subject to stockholder
approval. On November 3, 2022, stockholder approval was obtained. Per ASC 718 - Compensation - Stock Compensation , the Company
accounted for these changes as a modification and the net effect was immaterial to the financial statements as a whole. 

The
Company granted an option for the purchase of shares of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Granted 

Expired 

Outstanding, January 1, 2022 

Granted 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 

Expired 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

- 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

The
weighted average grant date fair value of the stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was approximately
 and , respectively. 

Expected term (years) 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

Restricted
Stock Units 

Pursuant
to the 2021 Plan, the Company may grant restricted stock units RSUs to employees, consultants or non-employee directors Eligible Individuals ). The number, terms and conditions of the RSUs that are granted to Eligible Individuals are determined
on an individual basis by the 2021 Plan administrator. On the distribution date, the Company shall issue to the Eligible Individual one
unrestricted, fully transferable share of the Company s common stock (or the fair market value of one such share in cash) for each
vested and nonforfeitable RSU. 

On
March 18, 2021, the Company, pursuant to two employment agreements, granted an aggregate of RSUs to its Chief Executive Officer,
President, and Chairman of the Board and its Vice President, Research and Development with a fair value of per share. The RSUs
vest to the extent of one-third on the one-year anniversary of the grant date, one-third on the two-year anniversary of the grant date,
and one-third on the three-year anniversary of the grant date. The RSUs had a grant date fair value of . 

On
March 18, 2022, the Company granted an aggregate of RSUs to its Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board and
its Vice President, Research and Development with a fair value of per share. The RSUs vest in twelve equal monthly installments. 

Granted 

Forfeited 
 - 
 
 Vested 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

General and administrative 

RSUs 

Shares issued for services 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately and , respectively, of federal and state net operating losses
that may be available to offset future taxable income. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Tax Act ),
certain future carryforwards do not expire. At December 31, 2022, approximately of federal net operating losses will expire
from 2030 to 2038 and approximately have no expiration. The Section 382 limitations resulted in approximately of federal NOLs not being realizable
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the cumulative reversal of approximately of net operating loss deferred tax assets. 

The
Company has not performed a formal analysis for the year ended December 31, 2022, but it believes its ability to use such net operating
losses and tax credit carryforwards in the future is subject to annual limitations due to change of control provisions under Sections
382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, which will significantly impact its ability to realize these deferred tax assets. 

Stock-based compensation 

Research and development costs 
 
 - 
 
 Research development tax credits 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation 
 
 - 
 
 Intangible assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 

Change in valuation allowance 

State statutory income tax rate, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Tax return to provision adjustment 
 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 
 - 
 - 

As
of the date of this filing, the Company has not filed its 2022 federal and state corporate income tax returns. The Company expects to
file these documents as soon as practicable. 

square feet of space located in Melville, New York (the Melville Lease with respect
to its corporate and laboratory operations. and
 . In June 2019, on January 1, 2020 with annual base rent ranging between and . 

When
measuring lease liabilities for leases that were classified as operating leases, the Company discounted lease payments using its estimated
incremental borrowing rate at August 1, 2019. The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied was . 

Net lease cost 

Operating lease - operating cash flows (fixed payments) 

Operating lease - operating cash flows (liability reduction) 

Non-current leases - right of use assets 

Current liabilities - operating lease liabilities 

Non-current liabilities - operating lease liabilities 

2024 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Amount representing interest 

Present value of net future minimum lease payments 

stock options to its officers and a certain employee, of which 
were vested and exercisable upon grant. The remaining 
of the options issued to the Company s officers and employee will vest quarterly in eight nearly equal installments
commencing one year from the date of grant. The Company issued an additional 
stock options to its board members and scientific advisory board members, which will vest monthly over one year. The granted stock
options had an estimated fair value of approximately 
as of the grant date, of which approximately 
was immediately recognized as stock-based compensation expense, which will be reflected in the Company s consolidated results
of operations for the first quarter of 2023. 

F- 22 

<EX-10.4>
 2
 ex10-4.htm

Exhibit 10.4 

BIORESTORATIVE
THERAPIES, INC. 

 40
Marcus Drive 

 Melville,
New York 11747 

November
21, 2022 

Regenerative
Sciences, LLC 

 Regenexx,
LLC 

 403
Summit Blvd., Suite 201 

 Broomfield,
Colorado 80021 

Re: License
Agreement 

 Gentlemen: 

Reference
is made to the License Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2012, between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. BRT and
Regenerative Sciences, LLC RSI ), as amended (the Agreement ). All capitalized terms used but
not defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement. 

The
Parties acknowledge and agree that the Patent Rights have been assigned by RSI to Regenexx, LLC Regenexx and that,
pursuant to a letter agreement, dated as of September 24, 2019, among BRT, RSI and Regenexx, the rights and obligations of RSI under
the Agreement have been assigned to and assumed by Regenexx. 

The
Parties hereby agree as follows: 

1.
Section 5.1 of the Agreement is hereby terminated and of no further force or effect. Accordingly, the grant to BRT of the perpetual,
exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-bearing, sublicensable and transferable Licenses pursuant to Section 2.1(a) of the Agreement is
unconditional and not subject to any limitation in any respect; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not be deemed to limit
the sublicenses granted to Licensor pursuant to Section 2.1(c) of the Agreement. For the sake of clarity, the Parties acknowledge
and agree that the exclusive nature of the Licenses granted to BRT pursuant to the Agreement has remained in effect for a continuous
uninterrupted period since the Effective Date and, notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, shall continue in
effect in perpetuity subject to the obligation of BRT to pay royalties as set forth in the Agreement. 

2.
Each of RSI and Regenexx represents and warrants that, to date, except for the rights granted to BRT pursuant to the Agreement and
except as contemplated by Section 2.1(d) of the Agreement, it has not granted to any Person any license or other right with respect
to the Intellectual Property Rights that have been licensed to BRT pursuant to the Agreement. 

3.
In consideration of the foregoing, (a) within thirty (30) days of the date hereof, BRT shall pay to Regenexx one hundred
seventy-five thousand dollars 175,000) by wire transfer to an account designated in writing by Regenexx, and (b) concurrently with
the execution hereof, BRT shall deliver to Regenexx a warrant for the purchase of up to fifty-one thousand three hundred seventy
(51,370) shares of common stock of BRT. 

4.
Regenexx represents and warrants that (a) all reports provided pursuant to Section 4.6(b) of the Agreement have been true and
complete in all material respects, giving effect to the additional 71,100 royalty payment made by Regenexx in August 2022 following
the completion of its internal audit of the procedures completed and (b) for the Calendar Quarter ended June 30, 2022, 31,700 is
payable by Regenexx to BRT pursuant to Section 4.4 of the Agreement. Regenexx shall pay BRT the 31,700 by wire transfer within five
(5) days of receipt of an invoice from BRT with regard thereto. Based upon the foregoing, BRT hereby agrees that it will not assert
any claims for additional royalties payable by Regenexx to BRT pursuant to Section 4.4 of the Agreement with regard to procedures
performed through June 30, 2022. 

5.
Regenexx understands and agrees that the Company is relying and may rely upon the following representations, warranties,
acknowledgements, consents, confirmations and covenants made by Regenexx in entering into this letter agreement: 

(a)
Regenexx recognizes that the acquisition of the Warrant involves a high degree of risk and is suitable only for persons of adequate
financial means who have no need for liquidity in this investment in that (i) Regenexx may not be able to liquidate its investment
in the event of emergency; (ii) transferability is extremely limited; and (iii) Regenexx could sustain a complete loss of its
investment. 

(b)
Regenexx represents that it (i) is competent to understand and does understand the nature of this investment; and (ii) is able to
bear the economic risk of this investment. 

(c)
Regenexx represents and warrants that it is an accredited investor, as such term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation
D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ). Regenexx meets the requirements of at
least one of the suitability standards for an accredited investor as set forth on the Accredited Investor
Certification attached hereto. 

(d)
Regenexx represents and warrants that it has significant prior investment experience, including investment in restricted securities,
and that it has read this letter agreement in order to evaluate the merits and risks of the investment. 

(e)
Regenexx represents and warrants that it has reviewed the Warrant and all reports, statements and other documents regarding the
Company that have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively, the SEC Reports ),
including the risk factors set forth in the Company s latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings, as applicable.
Regenexx also represents and warrants that it has been furnished by the Company with all information regarding the Company which it
had requested or desired to know; that all documents which could be reasonably provided have been made available for its inspection
and review; that it has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from duly authorized representatives
of the Company concerning the Company, and any additional information which it had requested for the purpose of verifying the
information set forth in the SEC Reports; and that it has had the opportunity to consult with its own tax or financial advisor
concerning an investment in the Company. Regenexx confirms that no oral representations have been made or oral information furnished
to Regenexx or its advisers in connection with this letter agreement that are inconsistent in any respect with the SEC Reports, this
letter agreement or the Warrant. 

2 

(f)
Regenexx acknowledges that this offering has not been reviewed by the SEC because it is intended to be a non-public offering
pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Regenexx represents and warrants that
the Warrant is being and will be acquired for its own account, for investment and not for distribution to others. Regenexx agrees
that it will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the Warrant or any portion thereof, unless it is registered under the Act or
unless an exemption from such registration is available. 

(g)
Regenexx consents that the Company shall, if it desires, permit the transfer of the Warrant by Regenexx out of its name only when
its request for transfer is accompanied by an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company that neither the sale nor the proposed
transfer results in a violation of the Act or any applicable state blue sky laws (collectively, Securities
Laws ). Regenexx agrees to be bound by any requirements of such Securities Laws. 

(h)
Regenexx acknowledges and agrees that the Company is relying on Regenexx s representations contained in this letter agreement
in determining whether to enter into this letter agreement. 

(i)
Regenexx consents to the placement of a legend on the Warrant stating that it has not been registered under the Act and setting
forth or referring to the restrictions on transferability and sale thereof. Regenexx is aware that the Company will make a notation
in its appropriate records with respect to the restrictions on the transferability of the Warrant. 

(j)
Regenexx represents and warrants that the address to send notices to Regenexx set forth on the cover page hereof is Regenexx s
true and correct address. 

(k)
Regenexx represents and warrants that it is unaware of, is in no way relying on, and did not become aware of, this offering through,
or as a result of, any form of general solicitation or advertising, including, without limitation, articles, notices, advertisements
or other communications published in any newspaper, magazine or other similar media or broadcast over television or radio or any
seminar or meeting where the attendees have been invited by any such means of general solicitation or advertising. 

(l)
Regenexx represents and warrants to the Company that any information which Regenexx has heretofore furnished or furnishes herewith
to the Company is complete and accurate and may be relied upon by the Company. 

(m)
Regenexx represents and warrants that it was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Warrant, it is duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its organization, the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby is authorized by, and will not result in a violation of, its charter or other organizational documents, it has
full power and authority to execute and deliver this letter agreement and all other related agreements or certificates and to carry
out the provisions hereof and thereof and to acquire and hold the Warrant, the execution and delivery of this letter agreement has
been duly authorized by all necessary action, this letter agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of Regenexx and
is a legal, valid and binding obligation of Regenexx. 

3 

(n)
Regenexx represents and warrants that the execution and delivery of this letter agreement will not violate or be in conflict with
any order, judgment, injunction, agreement or other document to which Regenexx is a party or by which it is bound. 

(o)
THE WARRANT OFFERED HEREBY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE ACT OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE AND IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN
RELIANCE ON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE ACT AND SUCH LAWS. THE WARRANT IS SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON
TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT AND SUCH LAWS PURSUANT TO
REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THE WARRANT HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE SEC, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR
ANY OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THIS OFFERING OR THE
ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THE SEC REPORTS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS UNLAWFUL. 

(p)
Regenexx represents and warrants that neither its managers nor its members have adopted any resolutions relative to the distribution
of the Warrant, or any portion thereof, to its members and have no present intention to do so. 

6.
Each of RSI and Regenexx, on behalf of themselves and their respective Affiliates and the respective officers, directors, employees,
agents and representative of RSI and Regenexx and their Affiliates (the Covenanting Parties ), agrees that it
will not in any way disparage BRT or its officers or directors, or make or solicit any comments, statements or the like, that may be
considered to be derogatory or detrimental to the good name or business reputation of BRT or its officers or directors. Each of RSI
and Regenexx, on behalf of themselves and their respective Covenanting Parties, similarly agrees not to otherwise take or condone
any action which is intended, or would reasonably be expected, to harm BRT, to impair BRT s reputation, or to lead to unwanted
or unfavorable publicity to BRT. 

7.
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this letter agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any
other provision of this letter agreement, and each provision of this letter agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the
extent permitted by law. 

8.
BRT, RSI and Regenexx agree that this letter agreement shall constitute an amendment to, and shall be incorporated in, the
Agreement. 

4 

As
amended hereby, the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. Except as provided for herein, nothing
in this letter agreement shall be deemed to waive any rights that any Party has under or pursuant to the Agreement. 

Sincerely, 

BIORESTORATIVE
 THERAPIES, INC. 

By: 

Lance
 Alstodt 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

AGREED: 

REGENERATIVE
SCIENCES, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

REGENEXX, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

5 

BIORESTORATIVE
THERAPIES, INC. 

Accredited
Investor Certification 

 (Initial
the appropriate box(es)) 

Regenexx
represents and warrants that it, he or she is an accredited investor based upon the satisfaction of one or more of the
following criteria: 

_____ (1)
 he or she is a natural person who has a net worth or joint net worth with his or her spouse
 in excess of 1,000,000 at the date hereof 1 ; or 

_____ (2)
 he or she is a natural person who had an individual income in excess of 200,000 in each
 of the two most recent years or a joint income with his or her spouse in excess of 300,000
 in each of those years and has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level
 in the current year; or 

_____ (3)
 he or she is a director or executive officer of the Company; or 

_____ (4)
 it is either (a) a bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 (the Securities Act ), or a savings and loan association or other institution
 as defined in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities Act, whether acting in its individual
 or fiduciary capacity, (b) a broker or dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934, (c) an insurance company as defined in Section 2(13) of the Securities
 Act, (d) an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 or a business
 development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of such act, (e) a small business investment
 company licensed by the United States Small Business Administration under Section 301(c)
 or (d) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958, (f) a plan established and maintained
 by a state or its political subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or
 its political subdivisions, for the benefit of its employees, if such plan has total assets
 in excess of 5,000,000 or (g) an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Title I of
 the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, if the investment decision is made by
 a plan fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such act, which plan fiduciary is a bank,
 savings and loan association, an insurance company or a registered investment advisor, or
 if the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of 5,000,000 or, if a self-directed
 plan, with investment decisions made solely by persons who otherwise meet these suitability
 standards; or 

1
 For purposes of calculating net worth: 

 (i)
The undersigned s primary residence shall not be included as an asset; 

 (ii)
Indebtedness that is secured by the undersigned s primary residence, up to the estimated fair market value of the primary
residence at the date hereof, shall not be included as a liability (except that if the amount of such indebtedness outstanding at
the date hereof exceeds the amount outstanding 60 days before the date hereof, other than as a result of the acquisition of the
primary residence, the amount of such excess shall be included as a liability); and 

 (iii)
Indebtedness that is secured by the undersigned s primary residence in excess of the estimated fair market value of the
primary residence at the date hereof shall be included as a liability. 

_____ (5)
 it is a private business development company as defined in Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment
 Advisers Act of 1940; or 

_____ (6)
 it is an organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
 as amended, a corporation, a Massachusetts or similar business trust or a partnership not
 formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Warrants offered hereby, with total assets
 in excess of 5,000,000; or 

_____ (7)
 it is a trust, with total assets in excess of 5,000,000, not formed for the specific purpose
 of acquiring the Warrants, whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated person who has such
 knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that he or she is capable of evaluating
 the merits and risks of the prospective investment; or 

_____ (8)
 it is a corporation, partnership or other entity, and each and every equity owner of such
 entity initials a separate Accredited Investor Certification pursuant to which it, he or
 she certifies that it, he or she meets the qualifications set forth in either (1), (2), (3),
 (4), (5), (6) or (7) above. 

REGENEXX,
 LLC 

By: 

November
 21 , 2022 

Dated 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.7>
 3
 ex10-7.htm

Exhibit
10.7 

As
Amended 

 November
3, 2022 

BIORESTORATIVE
THERAPIES, INC. 

 2021
STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

ARTICLE
1 
 
PURPOSE 

The
purpose of the BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan is to promote the success and
enhance the value of BioRestorative Therapies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and its Subsidiaries
(as defined below) by linking the individual interests of Employees, Consultants and members of the Board to those of the Company s
stockholders and by providing such individuals with an incentive for outstanding performance to generate superior returns to the Company s
stockholders. The Plan is further intended to provide flexibility to the Company and its Subsidiaries in their ability to motivate, attract,
and retain the services of those individuals upon whose judgment, interest, and special effort the successful conduct of the Company s
operation is largely dependent. 

ARTICLE
2 
 
DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION 

Wherever
the following terms are used in the Plan they shall have the meanings specified below, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise.
The singular pronoun shall include the plural where the context so indicates. 

2.1
 Administrator shall mean the entity that conducts the general administration of the Plan as provided in Article
10 hereof. With reference to the duties of the Administrator under the Plan which have been delegated to one or more persons pursuant
to Section 10.6 hereof, or which the Board has assumed, the term Administrator shall refer to such person(s) unless the
Committee or the Board has revoked such delegation or the Board has terminated the assumption of such duties. 

2.2
 Applicable Accounting Standards shall mean Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States, International
Financial Reporting Standards or such other accounting principles or standards as may apply to the Company s financial statements
under United States federal securities and other applicable laws from time to time. 

2.3
 Applicable Law shall mean any applicable law, including without limitation, (a) provisions of the Code, the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act and any rules or regulations thereunder; (b) corporate, securities, tax or other laws, statutes, rules, requirements
or regulations, whether federal, state, local or foreign; and (c) rules of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which
the Shares are listed, quoted or traded. 

2.4
 Award shall mean an Option, a Restricted Stock award, a Dividend Equivalent award, a Stock Payment award, a Restricted
Stock Unit award, a Performance Share award, an Other Incentive Award, or a Stock Appreciation Right, which may be awarded or granted
under the Plan. 

2.5
 Award Agreement shall mean any written notice, agreement, contract or other instrument or document evidencing an
Award, including through electronic medium, which shall contain such terms and conditions with respect to an Award as the Administrator
shall determine, consistent with the Plan. 

2.6
 Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 

2.7
 Cause shall mean (a) the Administrator s determination that the Participant failed to substantially perform
the Participant s duties (other than any such failure resulting from the Participant s Disability); (b) the Administrator s
determination that the Participant failed to carry out, or comply with, any lawful and reasonable directive of the Board or the Participant s
immediate supervisor; (c) the Participant s commission of any act which, if the Participant were convicted would constitute, or
the Participant s conviction, plea of no contest, plea of nolo contendere, or imposition of unadjudicated probation for, any (i)
felony, (ii) indictable offense or (iii) crime involving moral turpitude; (d) the Participant s unlawful use (including being under
the influence) or possession of illegal drugs on the premises of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or while performing the Participant s
duties and responsibilities; or (e) the Participant s commission of an act of fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation, willful or
gross misconduct, or breach of fiduciary duty against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant
is a party to a written employment, consulting, or other agreement with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in which the term cause 
is defined, then Cause shall be as such term is defined in the applicable written employment or consulting agreement. 

2.8
 Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(a)
A change in ownership, as described in Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v) of the Treasury Regulations. 

(b)
A change in effective control, as described in Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi) of the Treasury Regulations (but substituting
 50 percent for 30 percent in the first sentence of Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi)(A)(1)). 

(c)
A change in ownership of a substantial portion of the assets, as described in Section 1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii) of the Treasury
Regulations (but substituting 50 percent for 40 percent in the first sentence thereof). 

2.9
 Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, together with the regulations and
official guidance promulgated thereunder, whether issued prior or subsequent to the grant of any Award. 

2.10
 Committee shall mean the committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan or the Board if no committee is
appointed. 

2.11
 Common Stock shall mean the common stock of the Company. 

2.12
 Company shall mean BioRestorative Therapies, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

2.13
 Consultant shall mean any consultant or advisor to the Company or any Subsidiary who provides consulting or advisory
services, other than as an Employee or Director, and such consultant or advisor (a) is a natural person (or an entity wholly-owned, directly
or indirectly, by a natural person), (b) has provided and/or will provide bona fide services to the Company, and (c) such services are
not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction and do not directly or indirectly promote or
maintain a market for the Company s securities. 

2.14
 Director shall mean a member of the Board, as constituted from time to time. 

2 

2.15
 Disability , unless otherwise specified in an Award Agreement or under the terms of a Program, shall mean total and
permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code. For purposes of the Plan, a Participant shall be deemed to have incurred
a Disability if the Participant is determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or in accordance with the
applicable disability insurance program of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is a party to a written employment,
consulting, or other agreement with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in which the term disability is defined, then
 Disability shall be as such term is defined in the applicable written employment or consulting agreement. 

2.16
 Dividend Equivalent shall mean a right to receive the equivalent value (in cash or Shares) of dividends paid on
Shares, awarded under Section 8.1 hereof. 

2.17
 Effective Date shall mean the date the Plan is approved by the Board. 

2.18
 Eligible Individual shall mean any person who is an Employee, a Consultant or a Non-Employee Director, as determined
by the Administrator. 

2.19
 Employee shall mean any officer or other employee (within the meaning of Section 3401(c) of the Code) of the Company
or any Subsidiary. 

2.20
 Equity Restructuring shall mean a nonreciprocal transaction between the Company and its stockholders, such as a
stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, spin-off, rights offering or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend,
that affects the number or kind of Shares (or other securities of the Company) or the share price of Common Stock (or other securities)
and causes a change in the per share value of the Common Stock underlying outstanding stock-based Awards. 

2.21
 Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. 

2.22
 Expiration Date shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 11.1(b). 

2.23
 Fair Market Value shall mean, as of any given date, the value of a Share, determined as follows: 

(a)
if the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system, including, without limitation, Nasdaq, its
Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price for such stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such exchange
or system on the day immediately preceding the day of determination (or, if the determination is made after the close of business for
trading, then on the day of determination) (or, if no closing sales price or closing bid was reported on that date, as applicable, on
the last trading date such closing sales price or closing bid was reported), as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source
as the Administrator deems reliable; 

(b)
if the Common Stock is regularly quoted on an automated quotation system (including the OTCQB market) or by a recognized securities dealer,
its Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price for such stock (or the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the
Common Stock, if selling prices are not reported), as quoted on such system or by such securities dealer on the day immediately preceding
the day of determination (or, if the determination is made after the close of business for trading, then on the day of determination)
(or, if no such prices were reported on that date, as applicable, on the last date such prices were reported), as reported in The Wall
Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; or 

3 

(c)
in the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Administrator in good
faith, using such criteria as it shall determine, in its sole discretion, to be appropriate for valuation, provided that the determination
shall be consistent with the requirements of Sections 422 and 409A of the Code, if applicable. 

2.24
 Greater Than 10 Stockholder shall mean an individual then-owning (within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the Code)
more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent corporation 
or subsidiary corporation (as defined in Sections 424(e) and 424(f) of the Code, respectively). 

2.25
 Incentive Stock Option shall mean an Option that is intended to qualify as an incentive stock option and conforms
to the applicable provisions of Section 422 of the Code. 

2.26
 Non-Employee Director shall mean a Director of the Company who is not an Employee. 

2.27
 Non-Qualified Stock Option shall mean an Option that is not an Incentive Stock Option or which is designated as
an Incentive Stock Option but does not meet the applicable requirements of Section 422 of the Code. 

2.28
 Option shall mean a right to purchase Shares at a specified exercise price, granted under Article 5 hereof. An Option
shall be either a Non-Qualified Stock Option or an Incentive Stock Option; provided , however , that Options granted to Non-Employee
Directors and Consultants shall only be Non-Qualified Stock Options. 

2.29
 Organizational Documents shall mean, collectively, (a) the Company s articles of incorporation, certificate
of incorporation, bylaws or other similar organizational documents relating to the creation and governance of the Company, and (b) the
Committee s charter or other similar organizational documentation relating to the creation and governance of the Committee. 

2.30
 Other Incentive Award shall mean an Award denominated in, linked to or derived from Shares or value metrics related
to Shares, granted pursuant to Section 8.5 hereof. 

2.31
 Participant shall mean a person who has been granted an Award pursuant to the Plan. 

2.32
 Performance Share shall mean a contractual right awarded under Section 8.4 hereof to receive a number of Shares
or the Fair Market Value of such number of Shares in cash based on the attainment of specified performance goals or other criteria determined
by the Administrator. 

2.33
 Plan shall mean this BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan, as it may be amended, supplemented,
and restated from time to time. 

2.34
 Program shall mean any program adopted by the Administrator pursuant to the Plan containing the terms and conditions
intended to govern a specified type of Award granted under the Plan and pursuant to which such type of Award may be granted under the
Plan. 

2.35
 Restricted Stock shall mean an award of Shares made under Article 7 hereof that is subject to certain restrictions
and may be subject to risk of forfeiture. 

2.36
 Restricted Stock Unit shall mean a contractual right awarded under Section 8.3 hereof to receive in the future a
Share or the Fair Market Value of a Share in cash. 

4 

2.37
 Securities Act shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

2.38
 Share Limit shall have the meaning provided in Section 3.1(a) hereof. 

2.39
 Shares shall mean shares of Common Stock. 

2.40
 Stock Appreciation Right shall mean an Award entitling the Participant (or other person entitled to exercise pursuant
to the Plan) to exercise all or a specified portion thereof (to the extent then exercisable pursuant to its terms) and to receive from
the Company an amount determined by multiplying the difference obtained by subtracting the exercise price per share of such Award from
the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise of such Award by the number of Shares with respect to which such Award shall have been
exercised, subject to any limitations the Administrator may impose. 

2.41
 Stock Payment shall mean a payment in the form of Shares awarded under Section 8.2 hereof. 

2.42
 Subsidiary shall mean (a) a corporation, association or other business entity of which fifty percent (50 or more
of the total combined voting power of all classes of capital stock is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company and/or by one or
more Subsidiaries, (b) any partnership or limited liability company of which fifty percent (50 or more of the equity interests are
owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company and/or by one or more Subsidiaries, and (c) any other entity not described in clauses (a)
or (b) above of which fifty percent (50 or more of the ownership or the power (whether voting interests or otherwise), pursuant to
a written contract or agreement, to direct the policies and management or the financial and the other affairs thereof, are owned or controlled
by the Company and/or by one or more Subsidiaries. 

2.43
 Substitute Award shall mean an Award granted under the Plan in connection with a corporate transaction, such as
a merger, combination, consolidation or acquisition of property or stock, in any case, upon the assumption of, or in substitution for,
an outstanding equity award previously granted by a company or other entity that is a party to such transaction; provided , however ,
that in no event shall the term Substitute Award be construed to refer to an award made in connection with the cancellation
and repricing of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right. 

2.44
 Termination of Service shall mean, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator: 

(a)
As to a Consultant, the time when the engagement of a Participant as a Consultant to the Company and its Subsidiaries is terminated for
any reason, with or without cause, including, without limitation, by resignation, discharge, death, Disability or retirement, but excluding
terminations where the Consultant simultaneously commences or remains in employment and/or service as an Employee and/or Director of
the Company or any Subsidiary. 

(b)
As to a Non-Employee Director, the time when a Participant who is a Non-Employee Director ceases to be a Director for any reason, including,
without limitation, a termination by resignation, failure to be elected, removal, death, Disability or retirement, but excluding terminations
where the Participant simultaneously commences or remains in employment and/or service as an Employee of and/or Consultant to the Company
or any Subsidiary. 

5 

(c)
As to an Employee, the time when the employee-employer relationship between a Participant and the Company and its Subsidiaries is terminated
for any reason, including, without limitation, a termination by resignation, discharge, death, Disability or retirement, but excluding
terminations where the Participant simultaneously commences or remains in service as a Consultant to and/or Director of the Company or
any Subsidiary. 

The
Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine the effect of all matters and questions relating to any Termination of Service,
including, without limitation, whether a Termination of Service has occurred, whether any Termination of Service resulted from a discharge
for Cause and whether any particular leave of absence constitutes a Termination of Service; provided , however , that, with
respect to Incentive Stock Options, unless the Administrator otherwise provides in the terms of any Program, Award Agreement or otherwise,
or as otherwise required by Applicable Law, a leave of absence, change in status from an employee to an independent contractor or other
change in the employee-employer relationship shall constitute a Termination of Service only if, and to the extent that, such leave of
absence, change in status or other change interrupts employment for the purposes of Section 422(a)(2) of the Code. For purposes of the
Plan, a Participant s employee-employer relationship or consultancy relationship shall be deemed to be terminated in the event
that the Subsidiary employing or contracting with such Participant ceases to remain a Subsidiary following any merger, sale of stock
or other corporate transaction or event (including, without limitation, a spin-off). 

ARTICLE
3 
 
SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN 

3.1
 Number of Shares . 

(a)
Subject to Sections 3.1(b) and 11.2 hereof, the aggregate number of Shares which may be issued or transferred pursuant to Awards under
the Plan is Two Million Five Hundred Thousand (2,500,000) Shares (the Share Limit ). No more than Two Million Five
Hundred Thousand (2,500,000) Shares may be issued upon the exercise of Incentive Stock Options. 

(b)
If any Shares subject to an Award are forfeited or expire or such Award is settled for cash (in whole or in part), the Shares subject
to such Award shall, to the extent of such forfeiture, expiration or cash settlement, again be available for future grants of Awards
under the Plan and shall be added back to the Share Limit in the same number of Shares as were debited from the Share Limit in respect
of the grant of such Award (as may be adjusted in accordance with Section 11.2 hereof). In addition, the following Shares shall be added
back to the Share Limit and will be available for future grants of Awards: (i) Shares tendered by a Participant or withheld by the Company
in payment of the exercise price of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right; (ii) Shares tendered by the Participant or withheld by the
Company to satisfy any tax withholding obligation with respect to an Award; and (iii) Shares subject to a Stock Appreciation Right that
are not issued in connection with the stock settlement of the stock appreciation right on exercise thereof. Any Shares forfeited by the
Participant or repurchased by the Company under Section 7.4 hereof at the same price paid by the Participant so that such Shares are
returned to the Company will again be available for Awards. The payment of Dividend Equivalents in cash in conjunction with any outstanding
Awards shall not be counted against the Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section
3.1(b), no Shares may again be optioned, granted or awarded if such action would cause an Incentive Stock Option to fail to qualify as
an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code. 

6 

(c)
Substitute Awards shall not reduce the Shares authorized for grant under the Plan, except to the extent required by reason of Section
422 of the Code. Additionally, in the event that a company acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary, or with which the Company or any
Subsidiary combines, has shares available under a pre-existing plan approved by its stockholders and not adopted in contemplation of
such acquisition or combination, the shares available for grant pursuant to the terms of such pre-existing plan (as adjusted, to the
extent appropriate, using the exchange ratio or other adjustment or valuation ratio or formula used in such acquisition or combination
to determine the consideration payable to the holders of common stock of the entities party to such acquisition or combination) may be
used for Awards under the Plan and shall not reduce the Shares authorized for grant under the Plan to the extent that grants of Awards
using such available shares are (i) permitted without stockholder approval under the rules of the principal securities exchange on which
the Common Stock is then listed, if applicable, and (ii) made only to individuals who were not employed by or providing services to the
Company or its Subsidiaries immediately prior to such acquisition or combination. 

ARTICLE
4 
 
GRANTING OF AWARDs 

4.1
 Participation. The Administrator may, from time to time, select from among all Eligible Individuals, those to whom one or more
Awards shall be granted and shall determine the nature and amount of each Award, which shall not be inconsistent with the requirements
of the Plan. No Eligible Individual or other Person shall have any right to be granted an Award pursuant to the Plan. 

4.2
 Award Agreement . Each Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement stating the terms and conditions applicable to such Award,
consistent with the requirements of the Plan and any applicable Program. Award Agreements evidencing Incentive Stock Options shall contain
such terms and conditions as may be necessary to meet the applicable provisions of Section 422 of the Code. 

4.3
 At-Will Service . Nothing in the Plan or in any Program or Award Agreement hereunder shall confer upon any Participant any right
to continue as an Employee, Director or Consultant of the Company or any Subsidiary, or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the
rights of the Company or any Subsidiary, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge any Participant at any time for any
reason whatsoever, with or without Cause, and with or without notice, or to terminate or change all other terms and conditions of any
Participant s employment or engagement, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Participant
and the Company or any Subsidiary. 

4.4
 Stand-Alone and Tandem Awards . Awards granted pursuant to the Plan may, in the sole discretion of the Administrator, be granted
either alone, in addition to, or in tandem with, any other Award granted pursuant to the Plan. Awards granted in addition to or in tandem
with other Awards may be granted either at the same time as or at a different time from the grant of such other Awards. 

ARTICLE
5 
 
granting OF OPTIONS and stock appreciation rights 

5.1
 Granting of Options and Stock Appreciation Rights to Eligible Individuals . The Administrator is authorized to grant Options and
Stock Appreciation Rights to Eligible Individuals from time to time, in its sole discretion, on such terms and conditions as it may determine
which shall not be inconsistent with the Plan. 

7 

5.2
 Qualification of Incentive Stock Options . No Incentive Stock Option shall be granted to any person who is not an Employee of the
Company or any parent corporation or subsidiary corporation of the Company (as defined in Sections 424(e)
and 424(f) of the Code, respectively). No person who qualifies as a Greater Than 10 Stockholder may be granted an Incentive Stock Option
unless such Incentive Stock Option conforms to the applicable provisions of Section 422 of the Code. Any Incentive Stock Option granted
under the Plan may be modified by the Administrator, with the consent of the Participant, to disqualify such Option from treatment as
an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code. To the extent that the aggregate fair market value of stock with
respect to which incentive stock options (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, but without regard to Section
422(d) of the Code) are exercisable for the first time by a Participant during any calendar year under the Plan and all other plans of
the Company or any parent corporation or subsidiary corporation of the Company (as defined in Section 424(e)
and 424(f) of the Code, respectively) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars 100,000), the Options shall be treated as Non-Qualified
Stock Options to the extent required by Section 422 of the Code. The rule set forth in the preceding sentence shall be applied by taking
Options and other incentive stock options into account in the order in which they were granted and the fair market value
of stock shall be determined as of the time the respective options were granted. In addition, to the extent that any Options otherwise
fail to qualify as Incentive Stock Options, such Options shall be treated as Nonqualified Stock Options. Any interpretations and rules
under the Plan with respect to Incentive Stock Options shall be consistent with the provisions of Section 422 of the Code. 

5.3
 Option and Stock Appreciation Right Exercise Price . The exercise price per Share subject to each Option and Stock Appreciation
Right shall be set by the Administrator, but shall not be less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of a Share on
the date the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, as applicable, is granted (or, as to Incentive Stock Options, on the date the Option
is modified, extended or renewed for purposes of Section 424(h) of the Code). In addition, in the case of Incentive Stock Options granted
to a Greater Than 10 Stockholder, such price shall not be less than one hundred ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value of a Share
on the date the Option is granted (or the date the Option is modified, extended or renewed for purposes of Section 424(h) of the Code).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right that is a Substitute Award, the exercise price per
share of the Shares subject to such Option or Stock Appreciation Right, as applicable, may be less than the Fair Market Value per share
on the date of grant; provided that the exercise price of any Substitute Award shall be determined in accordance with the applicable
requirements of Sections 424 and 409A of the Code. 

5.4
 Option and SAR Term . The term of each Option and the term of each Stock Appreciation Right shall be set by the Administrator in
its sole discretion; provided , however , that the term shall not be more than ten (10) years from the date the Option or
Stock Appreciation Right, as applicable, is granted, or five (5) years from the date an Incentive Stock Option is granted to a Greater
Than 10 Stockholder. Except as limited by the requirements of Section 409A or Section 422 of the Code, and subject to the limitations
set forth in the previous sentence, the Administrator may extend the term of any outstanding Option or Stock Appreciation Right, and
may extend the time period during which vested Options or Stock Appreciation Rights may be exercised, in connection with any Termination
of Service of the Participant or otherwise. 

5.5
 Termination of Services . 

(a)
Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, if a Participant has a Termination of Service for any reason other than for Cause or
due to death or Disability, the Participant may exercise any vested outstanding Option or Stock Appreciation Right, to the extent exercisable
on the date of Termination of Service, at any time within three months after the date of such Termination of Service. 

8 

(b)
Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, if a Participant has a Termination of Service due to death or Disability, the Participant
(or in the case of death, the Participant s estate or the beneficiary who acquired the right to exercise the Option or Stock Appreciation
Right by bequest or inheritance or otherwise by reason of the death of the Participant) may exercise any vested outstanding Option or
Stock Appreciation Right, to the extent exercisable on the date of Termination of Service, at any time within twelve months after the
date of such Termination of Service. 

(c)
Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, if a Participant has a Termination of Service for Cause, any Option or Stock Appreciation
Right held by the Participant under the Plan, to the extent not exercised prior to the Termination of Service, and whether or not vested,
will terminate immediately. 

(d)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 5.5 will extend the exercise period for any Option or Stock Appreciation Right
beyond the stated term of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right. 

5.6
 Option and SAR Vesting . 

(a)
The terms and conditions pursuant to which an Option or Stock Appreciation Right vests in the Participant and becomes exercisable shall
be determined by the Administrator and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. Such vesting may be based on service with the Company
or any Subsidiary, specified performance goals, or any other criteria selected by the Administrator. At any time after the grant of an
Option or Stock Appreciation Right, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion and subject to whatever terms and conditions it selects,
accelerate the vesting of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right. 

(b)
Unless otherwise permitted by the Plan, no portion of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right which is unexercisable at a Participant s
Termination of Service shall thereafter become exercisable. 

5.7
 Substitution of Stock Appreciation Rights . The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, substitute an Award of Stock Appreciation
Rights for an outstanding Option at any time prior to or upon exercise of such Option; provided , however , that such
Stock Appreciation Rights shall be exercisable with respect to the same number of Shares for which such substituted Option would have
been exercisable, and shall also have the same exercise price and remaining term as the substituted Option. 

ARTICLE
6 
 
EXERCISE OF OPTIONS and stock appreciation rights 

6.1
 Exercise and Payment . An exercisable Option or Stock Appreciation Right may be exercised in whole or in part. However, an Option
or Stock Appreciation Right shall not be exercisable with respect to fractional shares and the Administrator may require that, by the
terms of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, a partial exercise must be with respect to a minimum number of Shares. Payment of the
amounts payable with respect to Stock Appreciation Rights pursuant to this Article 6 shall be in cash, Shares (based on its Fair Market
Value as of the date the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised), or a combination of both, as determined by the Administrator. 

9 

6.2
 Manner of Exercise . All or a portion of an exercisable Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be deemed exercised upon delivery
of all of the following to the Secretary of the Company, the Administrator or such other person or entity designated by the Administrator,
or his, her or its office, as applicable: 

(a)
A written or electronic notice complying with the applicable rules established by the Administrator stating that the Option or Stock
Appreciation Right, or a portion thereof, is exercised. The notice shall be signed by the Participant or other person then entitled to
exercise the Option or Stock Appreciation Right or such portion thereof; 

(b)
Such representations and documents as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or advisable to effect compliance with
Applicable Law. The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, also take such additional actions as it deems appropriate to effect such
compliance including, without limitation, placing legends on share certificates and issuing stop-transfer notices to agents and registrars; 

(c)
In the event that the Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercised pursuant to Section 9.3 hereof by any person or persons other
than the Participant, appropriate proof of the right of such person or persons to exercise the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, as
determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator; and 

(d)
Full payment of the exercise price and applicable withholding taxes for the Shares with respect to which the Option or Stock Appreciation
Right, or portion thereof, is exercised, in a manner permitted by the Administrator in accordance with Sections 9.1 and 9.2 hereof. 

6.3
 Notification Regarding Disposition . The Participant shall give the Company prompt written or electronic notice of any disposition
of Shares acquired by exercise of an Incentive Stock Option which occurs within (a) two (2) years after the date of granting (including
the date the Option is modified, extended or renewed for purposes of Section 424(h) of the Code) of such Option to such Participant,
or (b) one (1) year after the date of transfer of such Shares to such Participant. 

ARTICLE
7 
 
RESTRICTED STOCK 

7.1
 Award of Restricted Stock . 

(a)
The Administrator is authorized to grant Restricted Stock to Eligible Individuals, and shall determine the terms and conditions, including
the restrictions applicable to each award of Restricted Stock, which terms and conditions shall not be inconsistent with the Plan or
any applicable Program, and may impose such conditions on the issuance of such Restricted Stock as it deems appropriate. 

(b)
The Administrator shall establish the purchase price, if any, and form of payment for Restricted Stock; provided , however ,
that if a purchase price is charged, such purchase price shall be no less than the par value of the Shares to be purchased, unless otherwise
permitted by Applicable Law. In all cases, legal consideration shall be required for each issuance of Restricted Stock to the extent
required by Applicable Law. 

10 

7.2
 Rights as Stockholders . Subject to Section 7.4 hereof, upon issuance of Restricted Stock, the Participant shall have, unless otherwise
provided by the Administrator, all the rights of a stockholder with respect to the Shares, subject to the restrictions in the Plan, an
applicable Program or in the applicable Award Agreement, including the right to receive all dividends and other distributions paid or
made with respect to the Shares; provided , however , that, in the sole discretion of the Administrator, any extraordinary
distributions with respect to the Shares may be subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 7.3 hereof. In addition, with respect
to Restricted Stock that is subject to performance-based vesting (including the continuation of services for a specified period of time),
dividends which are paid prior to vesting shall only be paid out to the Participant to the extent that the performance-based vesting
conditions are subsequently satisfied and the share of Restricted Stock vests. 

7.3
 Restrictions . All shares of Restricted Stock (including any shares received by Participants thereof with respect to shares of
Restricted Stock as a result of stock dividends, stock splits or any other form of recapitalization) shall be subject to such restrictions
and vesting requirements as the Administrator shall provide in the applicable Program or Award Agreement. By action taken after the Restricted
Stock is issued, the Administrator may, on such terms and conditions as it may determine to be appropriate, accelerate the vesting of
such Restricted Stock by removing any or all of the restrictions imposed by the terms of any Program or by the applicable Award Agreement. 

7.4
 Repurchase or Forfeiture of Restricted Stock . Except as otherwise determined by the Administrator, if no purchase price was paid
by the Participant for the Restricted Stock, upon a Termination of Service, the Participant s rights in unvested Restricted Stock
then subject to restrictions shall lapse and be forfeited, and such Restricted Stock shall be surrendered to the Company and cancelled
without consideration on the date of such Termination of Service. If a purchase price was paid by the Participant for the Restricted
Stock, upon a Termination of Service the Company shall have the right to repurchase from the Participant the unvested Restricted Stock
then-subject to restrictions at a cash price per share equal to the price paid by the Participant for such Restricted Stock or such other
amount as may be specified in an applicable Program or the applicable Award Agreement. The Administrator in its sole discretion may provide
that, upon certain events, including without limitation a Change in Control, the Participant s death, retirement or Disability,
any other specified Termination of Service or any other event, the Participant s rights in unvested Restricted Stock shall not
terminate, such Restricted Stock shall vest and cease to be forfeitable and, if applicable, the Company shall cease to have a right of
repurchase. 

7.5
 Certificates/Book Entries for Restricted Stock . Restricted Stock granted pursuant to the Plan may be evidenced in such manner
as the Administrator shall determine. Certificates or book entries evidencing shares of Restricted Stock must include an appropriate
legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock, and the Company may, in its sole discretion,
retain physical possession of any stock certificate until such time as all applicable restrictions lapse. 

7.6
 Section 83(b) Election . If a Participant makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code to be taxed with respect to the Restricted
Stock as of the date of transfer of the Restricted Stock rather than as of the date or dates upon which the Participant would otherwise
be taxable under Section 83(a) of the Code, the Participant shall be required to deliver a copy of such election to the Company promptly
after filing such election with the Internal Revenue Service. 

11 

ARTICLE
8 
 
DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS; STOCK PAYMENTS; RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS; PERFORMANCE SHARES; OTHER INCENTIVE AWARDS 

8.1
 Dividend Equivalents . 

(a)
Subject to Section 8.1(b) hereof, Dividend Equivalents may be granted by the Administrator, either alone or in tandem with another Award,
based on dividends declared on Common Stock, to be credited as of dividend payment dates during the period between the date the Dividend
Equivalents are granted to a Participant and the date such Dividend Equivalents terminate or expire, as determined by the Administrator.
Such Dividend Equivalents shall be converted to cash or additional Shares by such formula and at such time and subject to such limitations
as may be determined by the Administrator. In addition, Dividend Equivalents with respect to an Award that is subject to performance-based
vesting that are based on dividends paid prior to the vesting of such Award shall only be paid out to the Participant to the extent that
the performance-based vesting conditions are subsequently satisfied and the Award vests. 

(b)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Dividend Equivalents shall be payable with respect to Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. 

8.2
 Stock Payments . The Administrator is authorized to make one or more Stock Payments to any Eligible Individual. The number or value
of Shares of any Stock Payment shall be determined by the Administrator and may be based upon one or more specific performance criteria
or any other specific criteria, including service to the Company or any Subsidiary, determined by the Administrator. Stock Payments may,
but are not required to, be made in lieu of base salary, bonus, fees or other cash compensation otherwise payable to such Eligible Individual. 

8.3
 Restricted Stock Units . The Administrator is authorized to grant Restricted Stock Units to any Eligible Individual. The number
and terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Units shall be determined by the Administrator. The Administrator shall specify the date
or dates on which the Restricted Stock Units shall become fully vested and nonforfeitable, and may specify such conditions to vesting
as it deems appropriate, including conditions based on one or more specific performance criteria or other specific criteria, including
service to the Company or any Subsidiary, in each case, on a specified date or dates or over any period or periods, as determined by
the Administrator. The Administrator shall specify, or may permit the Participant to elect, the conditions and dates upon which the Shares
underlying the Restricted Stock Units shall be issued, which dates shall not be earlier than the date as of which the Restricted Stock
Units vest and become nonforfeitable and which conditions and dates shall be consistent with the applicable provisions of Section 409A
of the Code or an exemption therefrom. On the distribution dates, the Company shall issue to the Participant one unrestricted, fully
transferable Share (or the Fair Market Value of one such Share in cash) for each vested and nonforfeitable Restricted Stock Unit. 

8.4
 Performance Share Awards . Any Eligible Individual selected by the Administrator may be granted one or more Performance Share awards
which shall be denominated in a number or range of Shares and the vesting of which may be linked to any specific performance criteria
(in each case on a specified date or dates or over any period or periods determined by the Administrator) and/or time-vesting or other
criteria, as determined by the Administrator. 

8.5
 Other Incentive Awards . The Administrator is authorized to grant Other Incentive Awards to any Eligible Individual, which Awards
may cover Shares or the right to purchase Shares or have a value derived from the value of, or an exercise or conversion privilege at
a price related to, or that are otherwise payable in or based on, Shares, stockholder value or stockholder return, in each case, on a
specified date or dates or over any period or periods determined by the Administrator. Other Incentive Awards may be linked to such specific
performance criteria as determined appropriate by the Administrator. Other Incentive Awards may be paid in cash, Shares, or a combination
of cash and Shares, as determined by the Administrator. 

12 

8.6
 Other Terms and Conditions . All applicable terms and conditions of each Award described in this Article 8, including without limitation,
as applicable, the term, vesting conditions and exercise/purchase price applicable to the Award, shall be set by the Administrator in
its sole discretion, provided , however , that the value of the consideration paid by a Participant for an Award, if any,
shall not be less than the par value of a Share, unless otherwise permitted by Applicable Law. 

8.7
 Exercise upon Termination of Service . Awards described in this Article 8 are exercisable or distributable, as applicable, only
while the Participant is an Employee, Director or Consultant, as applicable. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, the Administrator,
however, in its sole discretion may provide that such Award may be exercised or distributed subsequent to a Termination of Service as
provided under an applicable Program, Award Agreement, payment deferral election and/or in certain events, including without limitation,
a Change in Control, the Participant s death, retirement or Disability or any other specified Termination of Service. 

ARTICLE
9 
 
Additional terms of awards 

9.1
 Payment . The Administrator shall determine the method or methods by which payments by any Participant with respect to any Awards
granted under the Plan shall be made, including, without limitation: (a) cash or check, (b) Shares (including, in the case of payment
of the exercise price of an Award, Shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of the Award) held for such minimum period of time as may
be established by the Administrator, in each case, having a Fair Market Value on the date of delivery equal to the aggregate payments
required, (c) other form of legal consideration acceptable to the Administrator, or (d) any combination of the foregoing. The Administrator
shall also determine the methods by which Shares shall be delivered or deemed to be delivered to Participants. 

9.2
 Tax Withholding and Tax Bonuses . 

(a)
The Company and its Subsidiaries shall have the authority and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a Participant to remit to the
Company or a Subsidiary, an amount sufficient to satisfy federal, state, local and foreign taxes (including the Participant s social
security, Medicare and any other employment tax obligation) required by law to be withheld with respect to any taxable event concerning
a Participant arising in connection with any Award. The Administrator may in its sole discretion and in satisfaction of the foregoing
requirement allow a Participant to satisfy such obligations by any payment means described in Section 9.1 hereof, including without limitation,
by allowing such Participant to elect to have the Company or a Subsidiary withhold Shares otherwise issuable under an Award (or allow
the surrender of Shares). Notwithstanding anything in this Section 9.2 to the contrary, the Company shall not allow a Participant to
make any such election if the election would cause a violation of Section 409A of the Code. 

(b)
The Committee, in its discretion, shall have the authority, at the time of grant of any Award under the Plan or at any time thereafter,
to approve cash bonuses to designated Participants to be paid upon their exercise or receipt of (or the lapse of restrictions relating
to) Awards in order to provide funds to pay all or a portion of federal and state taxes due as a result of such exercise or receipt (or
the lapse of such restrictions). The Committee shall have full authority in its discretion to determine the amount of any such tax bonus.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, tax bonuses shall not be granted with respect to Awards that are Stock Appreciation Rights or Options. 

13 

9.3
 Transferability of Awards . 

(a)
No Award under the Plan may be sold, pledged, assigned or transferred in any manner other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution,
unless and until such Award has been exercised, or the Shares underlying such Award have been issued, and all restrictions applicable
to such Shares have lapsed. No Award or interest or right therein shall be liable for or otherwise subject to the debts, contracts or
engagements of the Participant or the Participant s successors in interest or shall be subject to disposition by transfer, alienation,
anticipation, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, assignment or any other means whether such disposition be voluntary or involuntary
or by operation of law by judgment, levy, attachment, garnishment or any other legal or equitable proceedings (including bankruptcy)
unless and until such Award has been exercised, or the Shares underlying such Award have been issued, and all restrictions applicable
to such Shares have lapsed, and any attempted disposition of an Award prior to the satisfaction of these conditions shall be null and
void and of no effect. 

(b)
During the lifetime of the Participant, only the Participant may exercise any exercisable portion of an Award granted to him under the
Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Non-Qualified Stock Option granted under the Plan may be transferred, in whole or in part, during
a Participant s lifetime, upon the approval of the Administrator, to a Participant s family members (as such
term is defined in Rule 701(c)(3) of the Securities Act and General Instructions A(1)(a)(5) to Form S-8) through a gift or domestic relations
order. The transferred portion of a Non-Qualified Stock Option may only be exercised by the person or entity who acquires a proprietary
interest in such Option pursuant to the transfer. The terms applicable to the transferred portion shall be the same as those in effect
for the Option immediately prior to such transfer and shall be set forth in such documents issued to the transferee as the Administrator
may deem appropriate. After the death of the Participant, any exercisable portion of an Award may, prior to the time when such portion
becomes unexercisable under the Plan or the applicable Program or Award Agreement, be exercised by the Participant s personal representative
or by any person empowered to do so under the deceased Participant s will or under the then-applicable laws of descent and distribution. 

(c)
Notwithstanding Section 9.3(a) hereof, a Participant may, in the manner determined by the Administrator, designate a beneficiary to exercise
the rights of the Participant and to receive any distribution with respect to any Award upon the Participant s death. A beneficiary,
legal guardian, legal representative, or other person claiming any rights pursuant to the Plan is subject to all terms and conditions
of the Plan and any Program or Award Agreement applicable to the Participant, and to any additional restrictions deemed necessary or
appropriate by the Administrator. If the Participant is married or a domestic partner in a domestic partnership qualified under Applicable
Law and resides in a community property state, a designation of a person other than the Participant s spouse or domestic
partner, as applicable, as his or her beneficiary with respect to more than fifty percent (50 of the Participant s interest in
the Award shall not be effective without the prior written or electronic consent of the Participant s spouse or domestic partner.
If no beneficiary has been designated or survives the Participant, payment shall be made to the person entitled thereto pursuant to the
Participant s will or the laws of descent and distribution. Subject to the foregoing, a beneficiary designation may be changed
or revoked by a Participant at any time provided the change or revocation is delivered to the Administrator in writing prior to the Participant s
death. 

9.4
 Conditions to Issuance of Shares . 

(a)
The Administrator shall determine the methods by which Shares shall be delivered or deemed to be delivered to Participants. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries shall be required to issue or deliver any certificates or make
any book entries evidencing Shares pursuant to the exercise of any Award, unless and until the Administrator has determined, with advice
of counsel, that the issuance of such Shares is in compliance with Applicable Law, and the Shares are covered by an effective registration
statement or applicable exemption from registration. In addition to the terms and conditions provided herein, the Administrator may require
that a Participant make such reasonable covenants, agreements, and representations as the Administrator, in its discretion, deems advisable
in order to comply with any such Applicable Law. 

14 

(b)
All Share certificates delivered pursuant to the Plan and all Shares issued pursuant to book entry procedures are subject to any stop-transfer
orders and other restrictions as the Administrator deems necessary or advisable to comply with Applicable Law. The Administrator may
place legends on any Share certificate or book entry to reference restrictions applicable to the Shares. 

(c)
The Administrator shall have the right to require any Participant to comply with any timing or other restrictions with respect to the
settlement, distribution or exercise of any Award, including a window-period limitation, as may be imposed in the sole discretion of
the Administrator. 

(d)
No fractional Shares shall be issued and the Administrator shall determine, in its sole discretion, whether cash shall be given in lieu
of fractional Shares or whether such fractional Shares shall be eliminated by rounding down. 

(e)
The Company, in its sole discretion, may (i) retain physical possession of any stock certificate evidencing Shares until any restrictions
thereon shall have lapsed and/or (ii) require that the stock certificates evidencing such Shares be held in custody by a designated escrow
agent (which may but need not be the Company) until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed, and that the Participant deliver a stock
power, endorsed in blank, relating to such Shares. 

(f)
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator or required by Applicable Law, the
Company and/or its Subsidiaries may, in lieu of delivering to any Participant certificates evidencing Shares issued in connection with
any Award, record the issuance of Shares in the books of the Company (or, as applicable, its transfer agent or stock plan administrator). 

9.5
 Market Stand-Off . In connection with any underwritten public offering by the Company of its equity securities pursuant to an effective
registration statement filed under the Securities Act, including the Company s initial public offering, the Participant will not
directly or indirectly sell, make any short sale of, loan, hypothecate, pledge, offer, grant or sell any Option or other contract for
the purchase of, any Option or other contract for the sale of, or otherwise dispose of or transfer, or agree to engage in any of the
foregoing transactions with respect to, any Shares acquired under this Plan or any Award issued under this Plan without the prior written
consent of the Company or its underwriters. Such restriction (the Market Stand-Off will be in effect for such period
of time following the date of the final prospectus for the offering as may be requested by the Company or such underwriters. In no event,
however, will such period exceed a) 180 days or b) such other period as may be requested by the Company or the underwriters to accommodate
regulatory restrictions on (i) the publication or other distribution of research reports and (ii) analyst recommendations and opinions,
including, but not limited to, the restrictions contained in NASD Rule 2711(f)(4) or NYSE Rule 472(f)(4), or any successor provisions
or amendments thereto). In the event of the declaration of a stock dividend, a spin-off, a stock split, an adjustment in conversion ratio,
a recapitalization or a similar transaction affecting the Company s outstanding securities without receipt of consideration, any
new, substituted or additional securities which are by reason of such transaction distributed with respect to any Stock shall be subject
to the Market Stand-Off. The Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to any and all Stock or Options previously referred
to in this Section until the end of the applicable stand-off period. The Company s underwriters will be beneficiaries of the agreement
set forth in this Section. A Participant will be subject to this Section only if the directors and officers of the Company are subject
to similar arrangements. 

15 

9.6
 Forfeiture and Claw-Back Provisions . 

(a)
Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement: (i) any proceeds, gains or other economic benefit actually or constructively received
by the Participant upon any receipt or exercise of the Award, or upon the receipt or resale of any Shares underlying the Award, must
be paid to the Company, and (ii) the Award shall terminate and any unexercised portion of the Award (whether or not vested) shall be
forfeited, if (x) a Termination of Service occurs within six months following receipt or exercise of the Award, (y) the Participant at
any time engages in any activity in competition with the Company, or which is inimical, contrary or harmful to the interests of the Company,
as further defined by the Administrator or (z) the Participant incurs a Termination of Service for Cause; and 

(b)
All Awards (including any proceeds, gains or other economic benefit actually or constructively received by a Participant upon any receipt
or exercise of any Award or upon the receipt or resale of any Shares underlying the Award) shall be subject to the applicable provisions
of any claw-back policy implemented by the Company, whether implemented prior to or after the grant of such Award, including without
limitation, any claw-back policy adopted to comply with the requirements of Applicable Law, to the extent set forth in such claw-back
policy and/or in the applicable Award Agreement. 

9.7
 Leave of Absence . Unless the Administrator provides otherwise, vesting of Awards granted hereunder shall not be suspended during
any unpaid leave of absence. 

ARTICLE
10 
 
ADMINISTRATION 

10.1
 Administrator . The Committee (or another committee or a subcommittee of the Board assuming the functions of the Committee under
the Plan) shall administer the Plan (except as otherwise permitted herein) unless otherwise determined by the Board. Except as may otherwise
be provided in the Organizational Documents, appointment of Committee members shall be effective upon acceptance of appointment, Committee
members may resign at any time by delivering written or electronic notice to the Board, and vacancies in the Committee may only be filled
by the Board. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) the full Board, acting by a majority of its members in office, shall conduct the general
administration of the Plan with respect to Awards granted to Non-Employee Directors of the Company and (b) the Board or Committee may
delegate its authority hereunder to the extent permitted by Section 10.6 hereof. 

10.2
 Duties and Powers of Administrator . It shall be the duty of the Administrator to conduct the general administration of the Plan
in accordance with its provisions. The Administrator shall have the power to interpret the Plan and all Programs and Award Agreements,
and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan and any Program as are not inconsistent with
the Plan, to interpret, amend or revoke any such rules and to amend any Program or Award Agreement provided that the rights or obligations
of the holder of the Award that is the subject of any such Program or Award Agreement are not materially adversely affected by such amendment,
unless the consent of the Participant is obtained or such amendment is otherwise permitted under Section 9.5, Section 11.2, Section 11.7,
or Section 11.10 hereof. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrator shall have the power to reduce the exercise
price of an Option granted pursuant to the Plan (either directly or pursuant to the cancellation of the Option and the regrant of an
Option) to an exercise price equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share at the time of the exercise price reduction or Option regrant.
Any such interpretations and rules with respect to Incentive Stock Options shall be consistent with the provisions of Section 422 of
the Code. In its sole discretion, the Board may at any time and from time to time exercise any and all rights and duties of the Committee
in its capacity as the Administrator under the Plan. 

16 

10.3
 Action by the Committee . Unless otherwise established by the Board or in the Organizational Documents or as required by Applicable
Law, a majority of the Administrator shall constitute a quorum and the acts of a majority of the members present at any meeting at which
a quorum is present, and acts approved in writing by a majority of the members of the Administrator in lieu of a meeting, shall be deemed
the acts of the Administrator. Each member of the Administrator is entitled to, in good faith, rely or act upon any report or other information
furnished to that member by any officer or other employee of the Company or any Subsidiary, the Company s independent certified
public accountants, or any executive compensation consultant or other professional retained by the Company to assist in the administration
of the Plan. 

10.4
 Authority of Administrator . Subject to any specific designation in the Plan and Applicable Law, the Administrator has the exclusive
power, authority and sole discretion to: 

(a)
Designate Eligible Individuals to receive Awards; 

(b)
Determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to each Eligible Individual; 

(c)
Determine the number of Awards to be granted and the number of Shares to which an Award will relate; 

(d)
Determine the terms and conditions of any Award granted pursuant to the Plan, including, but not limited to, the exercise price, grant
price, or purchase price, any specific performance criteria, any restrictions or limitations on the Award, any schedule for vesting,
lapse of forfeiture restrictions or restrictions on the exercisability of an Award, and accelerations or waivers thereof, and any provisions
related to non-competition and recapture of gain on an Award, based in each case on such considerations as the Administrator in its sole
discretion determines; 

(e)
Determine whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances an Award may be settled in, or the exercise price of an Award may be
paid in cash, Shares, other Awards, or other property, or an Award may be canceled, forfeited, or surrendered; 

(f)
Prescribe the form of each Award Agreement, which need not be identical for each Participant; 

(g)
Decide all other matters that must be determined in connection with an Award; 

(h)
Establish, adopt, or revise any Programs, rules and regulations as it may deem necessary or advisable to administer the Plan; 

(i)
Interpret the terms of, and any matter arising pursuant to, the Plan, any Program or any Award Agreement; and 

(j)
Make all other decisions and determinations that may be required pursuant to the Plan or as the Administrator deems necessary or advisable
to administer the Plan. 

17 

10.5
 Decisions Binding . The Administrator s interpretation of the Plan, any Awards granted pursuant to the Plan, any Program,
any Award Agreement and all decisions and determinations by the Administrator with respect to the Plan are final, binding, and conclusive
on all parties. 

10.6
 Delegation of Authority . To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Board or Committee may from time to time delegate to a
committee of one or more members of the Board or one or more officers of the Company the authority to grant or amend Awards or to take
other administrative actions pursuant to this Article 10; provided , however , that in no event shall an officer of the Company
be delegated the authority to grant Awards to, or amend Awards held by, officers of the Company (or Directors) to whom authority to grant
or amend Awards has been delegated hereunder; provided , further , that any delegation of administrative authority shall
only be permitted to the extent it is permissible under the Organizational Documents, and other Applicable Law. Any delegation hereunder
shall be subject to the restrictions and limits that the Board or Committee specifies at the time of such delegation or that are otherwise
included in the applicable Organizational Documents, and the Board or Committee, as applicable, may at any time rescind the authority
so delegated or appoint a new delegatee. At all times, the delegatee appointed under this Section 10.6 shall serve in such capacity at
the pleasure of the Board or the Committee, as applicable, and the Board or the Committee may abolish any committee at any time and re-vest
in itself any previously delegated authority. 

ARTICLE
11 
 
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

11.1
 Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan . 

(a)
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 11.1, the Plan may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified, suspended or terminated
at any time or from time to time by the Board; provided that, except as provided in Section 9.5, Section 11.2, Section 11.7, or Section
11.10 hereof, no amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan shall, without the consent of the Participant, impair any rights or
obligations under any Award theretofore granted or awarded, unless the Award itself otherwise expressly so provides. 

(b)
No Awards may be granted or awarded during any period of suspension or after termination of the Plan, and notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, in no event may any Award be granted under the Plan after the tenth (10 th anniversary of the date on which
the Plan was adopted by the Board (the Expiration Date ). Any Awards that are outstanding on the Expiration Date
shall remain in force according to the terms of the Plan, the applicable Program and the applicable Award Agreement. 

(c)
A Participant shall not have the right to a change in the exercise price of an Option, an increase in the exercise period for exercise
of an Option, or a change to the number of securities received on exercise of an Option. 

11.2
 Changes in Common Stock or Assets of the Company, Acquisition or Liquidation of the Company and Other Corporate Events . 

(a)
In the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution (other
than normal cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other change affecting the shares of the Company s stock
or the share price of the Company s stock other than an Equity Restructuring, the Administrator may make equitable adjustments,
if any, to reflect such change with respect to (i) the aggregate number and kind of shares that may be issued under the Plan; (ii) the
number and kind of Shares (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding Awards; (iii) the terms and conditions of any outstanding
Awards (including, without limitation, any applicable performance targets or criteria with respect thereto); and/or (iv) the grant or
exercise price per share for any outstanding Awards under the Plan. 

18 

(b)
In the event of any transaction or event described in Section 11.2(a) hereof or any unusual or nonrecurring transactions or events affecting
the Company, any Subsidiary, or the financial statements of the Company or any Subsidiary, or of changes in Applicable Law or Applicable
Accounting Standards, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, either by
the terms of the Award or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or event, is hereby authorized to take any one
or more of the following actions whenever the Administrator determines that such action is appropriate in order to prevent dilution or
enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan or with respect to any Award under the
Plan, to facilitate such transactions or events or to give effect to such changes in Applicable Law or Applicable Accounting Standards: 

(i)
To provide for the termination of any such Award in exchange for an amount of cash and/or other property, if any, equal to the amount
that would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights (and, for the avoidance
of doubt, if as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction or event described in this Section 11.2, the Administrator determines
in good faith that no amount would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights,
then such Award may be terminated by the Company without payment); 

(ii)
To provide that such Award be assumed by the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, or shall be substituted
for by similar options, rights or awards covering the stock of the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof,
with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and applicable exercise or purchase price; 

(iii)
To make adjustments in the number and type of securities subject to outstanding Awards and Awards which may be granted in the future
and/or in the terms, conditions and criteria included in such Awards (including the grant or exercise price, as applicable); 

(iv)
To provide that such Award shall be exercisable or payable or fully vested with respect to all securities covered thereby, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the Plan or an applicable Program or Award Agreement; 

(v)
To replace such Award with other rights or property selected by the Administrator in its sole discretion; and/or 

(vi)
To provide that the Award cannot vest, be exercised or become payable after such event. 

(c)
In connection with the occurrence of any Equity Restructuring, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections 11.2(a) and 11.2(b)
hereof: 

(i)
The number and type of securities subject to each outstanding Award and the exercise price or grant price thereof, if applicable, shall
be equitably adjusted; and/or 

19 

(ii)
The Administrator shall make such equitable adjustments, if any, as the Administrator in its discretion may deem appropriate to reflect
such Equity Restructuring with respect to the aggregate number and kind of shares that may be issued under the Plan. 

The
adjustments provided under this Section 11.2(c) shall be nondiscretionary and shall be final and binding on the affected Participant
and the Company. 

(d)
Except as may otherwise be provided in any applicable Award Agreement or other written agreement entered into between the Company (or
a Subsidiary) and a Participant, if a Change in Control occurs and a Participant s outstanding Awards are not continued, converted,
assumed, or replaced by the surviving or successor entity in such Change in Control, then, immediately prior to the Change in Control,
such outstanding Awards, to the extent not continued, converted, assumed, or replaced, shall become fully vested and, as applicable,
exercisable, and all forfeiture, repurchase and other restrictions on such Awards shall lapse. Upon, or in anticipation of, a Change
in Control, the Administrator may cause any and all Awards outstanding hereunder to terminate at a specific time in the future, including
but not limited to the date of such Change in Control, and shall give each Participant the right to exercise such Awards during a period
of time as the Administrator, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall determine. For the avoidance of doubt, if the value of an Award
that is terminated in connection with this Section 11.2(d) is zero or negative at the time of such Change in Control, such Award shall
be terminated upon the Change in Control without payment of consideration therefor. 

(e)
The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, include such further provisions and limitations in any Award, agreement or certificate,
as it may deem equitable and in the best interests of the Company that are not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan. 

(f)
Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, no adjustment or action described in this Section 11.2 or in any other provision of
the Plan shall be authorized to the extent it would (i) cause the Plan to violate Section 422(b)(1) of the Code or (ii) cause an Award
to fail to be exempt from or fail to comply with Section 409A of the Code. 

(g)
The existence of the Plan, any Program, any Award Agreement and/or any Award granted hereunder shall not affect or restrict in any way
the right or power of the Company or the stockholders of the Company or any Subsidiary to make or authorize any adjustment, recapitalization,
reorganization or other change in the Company s or such Subsidiary s capital structure or its business, any merger or consolidation
of the Company or any Subsidiary, any issue of stock or of options, warrants or rights to purchase stock or of bonds, debentures, preferred
or prior preference stocks whose rights are superior to or affect the Common Stock, the securities of any Subsidiary, or the rights thereof
or which are convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock or securities of any Subsidiary, or any sale or transfer of all or any
part of its assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 

(h)
In the event of any pending stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution
(other than normal cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other change affecting the Shares or the share price of
the Common Stock including any Equity Restructuring, for reasons of administrative convenience, the Company in its sole discretion may
refuse to permit the exercise of any Award during a period of thirty (30) days prior to the consummation of any such transaction. 

11.3
 Approval of Plan by Stockholders . The Plan shall be submitted for the approval of the Company s stockholders within twelve
(12) months after the date of the Board s initial adoption of the Plan. Awards may be granted or awarded prior to such stockholder
approval; and, provided that if such approval has not been obtained at the end of said 12-month period, no Options previously
granted or awarded under the Plan shall qualify as Incentive Stock Options. 

20 

11.4
 No Stockholders Rights . Except as otherwise provided herein or in an applicable Program or Award Agreement, a Participant shall
have none of the rights of a stockholder with respect to Shares covered by any Award until the Participant becomes the record owner of
such Shares, including the right to participate in any new issues of stock of the Company. 

11.5
 Paperless Administration . In the event that the Company establishes, for itself or using the services of a third party, an automated
system for the documentation, granting or exercise of Awards, such as a system using an internet website or interactive voice response,
then the paperless documentation, granting or exercise of Awards by a Participant may be permitted through the use of such an automated
system. 

11.6
 Effect of Plan upon Other Compensation Plans . The adoption of the Plan shall not affect any other compensation or incentive plans
in effect for the Company or any Subsidiary. Nothing in the Plan shall be construed to limit the right of the Company or any Subsidiary:
(a) to establish any other forms of incentives or compensation for Employees, Directors or Consultants of the Company or any Subsidiary
or (b) to grant or assume options or other rights or awards otherwise than under the Plan in connection with any proper corporate purpose
including without limitation, the grant or assumption of options in connection with the acquisition by purchase, lease, merger, consolidation
or otherwise, of the business, stock or assets of any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, firm or association. 

11.7
 Compliance with Laws . The Plan, the granting and vesting of Awards under the Plan, the issuance and delivery of Shares and the
payment of money under the Plan or under Awards granted or awarded hereunder are subject to compliance with all Applicable Law and to
such approvals by any listing, regulatory or governmental authority as may, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, be necessary or
advisable in connection therewith. Any securities delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such restrictions, and the person acquiring
such securities shall, if requested by the Company, provide such assurances and representations to the Company as the Company may deem
necessary or desirable to assure compliance with all Applicable Law. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may take whatever actions
it deems necessary or appropriate to effect compliance with Applicable Law, including, without limitation, placing legends on share certificates
and issuing stop-transfer notices to agents and registrars. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Administrator may not
take any actions hereunder, and no Awards shall be granted, that would violate Applicable Law. To the extent permitted by Applicable
Law, the Plan and Awards granted or awarded hereunder shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such Applicable Law. 

11.8
 Titles and Headings, References to Sections of the Code or Exchange Act . The titles and headings of the sections in the Plan are
for convenience of reference only and, in the event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than such titles or headings, shall
control. References to sections of the Code or the Exchange Act shall include any amendment or successor thereto. 

11.9
 Governing Law . The Plan and any Programs or Award Agreements hereunder shall be administered, interpreted and enforced under the
internal laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflicts of laws thereof. 

21 

11.10
 Section 409A . To the extent that the Administrator determines that any Award granted under the Plan is subject to Section 409A
of the Code, the Plan, any applicable Program and the Award Agreement covering such Award shall be interpreted in accordance with Section
409A of the Code. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in the event that, following the Effective Date, the Administrator
determines that any Award may be subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Administrator may adopt such amendments to the Plan, any applicable
Program and the Award Agreement or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive
effect), or take any other actions, that the Administrator determines are necessary or appropriate to avoid the imposition of taxes on
the Award under Section 409A of the Code, either through compliance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code or with an available
exemption therefrom. The Company makes no representations or warranties as to the tax treatment of any Award under Section 409A of the
Code or otherwise. The Company shall have no obligation under this Section 11.10 or otherwise to take any action (whether or not described
herein) to avoid the imposition of taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A of the Code with respect to any Award and shall have
no liability to any Participant or any other person if any Award, compensation or other benefits under the Plan are determined to constitute
non-compliant, nonqualified deferred compensation subject to the imposition of taxes, penalties and/or interest under Section
409A of the Code. 

11.11
 No Rights to Awards . No Eligible Individual or other person shall have any claim to be granted any Award pursuant to the Plan,
and neither the Company nor the Administrator is obligated to treat Eligible Individuals, Participants or any other persons uniformly. 

11.12
 Unfunded Status of Awards . The Plan is intended to be an unfunded plan for incentive compensation. With respect
to any payments not yet made to a Participant pursuant to an Award, nothing contained in the Plan or any Program or Award Agreement shall
give the Participant any rights that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Company or any Subsidiary. 

11.13
 Indemnification . To the extent allowable pursuant to Applicable Law and the Organizational Documents, each member of the Board
and any officer or other employee to whom authority to administer any component of the Plan is delegated shall be indemnified and held
harmless by the Company from any loss, cost, liability, or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by such member in
connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may
be involved by reason of any action or failure to act pursuant to the Plan and against and from any and all amounts paid by him or her
in satisfaction of judgment in such action, suit, or proceeding against him or her; provided , however , that he or she gives
the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on
his or her own behalf. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which
such persons may be entitled pursuant to the Organizational Documents, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or any power that the Company
may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless. 

11.14
 Relationship to other Benefits . No payment pursuant to the Plan shall be taken into account in determining any benefits under
any pension, retirement, savings, profit sharing, group insurance, welfare or other benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary except
to the extent otherwise expressly provided in writing in such other plan or an agreement thereunder. 

11.15
 Expenses . The expenses of administering the Plan shall be borne by the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

22 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.28>
 4
 ex10-28.htm

Exhibit 10.28 

INCENTIVE
STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT 
UNDER THE 
BIORESTORATIVE THERAPIES, INC. 
2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

This
Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into as of February 17, 2023 by and
between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), and Lance Alstodt (the Participant ). 

Grant
 Date : 
 
 February
 17, 2023 
 
 Exercise
 Price per Share : 
 
 2.91 
 
 Number
 of Option Shares : 
 
 106,762 
 
 Expiration
 Date : 
 
 February
 17, 2033 

1. Grant
of Option . 

1.1. Grant;
Type of Option . The Company hereby grants to the Participant an option (the Option to purchase the number
of Shares of Common Stock of the Company equal to the number of Option Shares set forth above. The Option is being granted pursuant
to the terms of the BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Option is intended
to be an Incentive Stock Option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, although the Company makes no representation or
guarantee that the Option will qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 

1.2. Consideration;
Subject to Plan . The grant of the Option is made in consideration of the services to be rendered by the Participant to the
Company and is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the
meanings given to them in the Plan. 

2.
Exercise Period; Vesting . 

2.1 Vesting
Schedule . The Option will become vested and exercisable with respect to 50 of the Option Shares on the Grant Date, with the
remainder vesting quarterly in eight nearly equal installments (at a rate of 1/16 per quarter) with the first quarterly installment
vesting on the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date and continuing every three months thereafter until fully vested. 

In
the event of the Participant s involuntary Termination of Service by the Company without Cause, 100 of the Shares subject to the
Option shall become immediately vested and exercisable. Upon the Participant s Termination of Service for any other reason, the
unvested portion of the Option will be forfeited and will not be exercisable. 

2.2 Expiration .
The Option will expire on the Expiration Date set forth above, or earlier as provided in this Agreement or the Plan. The Expiration
Date shall not be more than ten years from the Grant Date (or, if the Option is being granted to a Greater Than 10 Stockholder, not
more than five years from the Grant Date). To the extent the Expiration Date listed above is inconsistent with this paragraph, this
paragraph shall control. 

2.3
The Option shall not be subject to Section 9.6(a) of the Plan. 

3.
Termination of Service . 

3.1 Termination
for Reasons Other Than Cause, Death, Disability . If the Participant has a Termination of Service for any reason other than
Cause, death or Disability, the Participant may exercise the vested portion of the Option at any time until the Expiration
Date. 

3.2 Termination
for Cause . If the Participant has a Termination of Service for Cause, the Participant may exercise the vested portion of the
Option, but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of: (a) the date 12 months following the Participant s
Termination of Service or (b) the Expiration Date. 

3.3 Termination
due to Disability . If the Participant has a Termination of Service as a result of the Participant s Disability, the
Participant may exercise the vested portion of the Option, but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of: (a) the
date 24 months following the Participant s Termination of Service or (b) the Expiration Date. 

3.4 Termination
due to Death . If the Participant has a Termination of Service as a result of the Participant s death, the vested portion
of the Option may be exercised by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by
bequest or inheritance or by the person designated to exercise the Option upon the Participant s death, but only within the
time period ending on the earlier of: (a) the date 24 months following the Participant s Termination of Service, or (b) the
Expiration Date. 

4.
Manner of Exercise . 

4.1 Election
to Exercise . To exercise the Option, the Participant (or in the case of exercise after the Participant s death or
incapacity, the Participant s executor, administrator, heir or legatee, as the case may be) must deliver to the Company an
executed stock option exercise agreement in such form as is approved by the Committee from time to time (the Exercise
Agreement ), which shall set forth, inter alia: 

(a) the Participant s election to exercise the Option; 

(b) the number of Shares of Common Stock being purchased; 

(c)
any restrictions imposed on the Shares; and 

(d)
any representations, warranties and agreements regarding the Participant s investment intent and access to information as may
be required by the Company to comply with applicable securities laws. 

2 

If
someone other than the Participant exercises the Option, then such person must submit documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company
verifying that such person has the legal right to exercise the Option. 

4.2 Payment
of Exercise Price . The entire Exercise Price of the Option shall be payable in full at the time of exercise to the extent
permitted by applicable statutes and regulations, either: 

(a)
in cash or by certified or bank check at the time the Option is exercised; 

(b)
by delivery to the Company of other Shares of Common Stock, duly endorsed for transfer to the Company, with a Fair Market Value on
the date of delivery equal to the Exercise Price (or portion thereof) due for the number of Shares being acquired, or by means of
attestation whereby the Participant identifies for delivery specific Shares that have a Fair Market Value on the date of attestation
equal to the Exercise Price (or portion thereof) and receives a number of Shares equal to the difference between the number of
Shares thereby purchased and the number of identified attestation Shares (a Stock for Stock
Exchange ); 

(c)
through a cashless exercise program established with a broker; 

(d)
by reduction in the number of Shares otherwise deliverable upon exercise of such Option with a Fair Market Value equal to the
aggregate Exercise Price at the time of exercise; 

(e)
by any combination of the foregoing methods; or 

(f)
in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Committee. 

4.3 Withholding .
Prior to the issuance of Shares upon the exercise of the Option, the Participant must make arrangements satisfactory to the Company
to pay or provide for any applicable federal, state and local withholding obligations of the Company. The Participant may satisfy
any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to the exercise of the Option by any of the following
means: 

(a)
tendering a cash payment; 

(b)
authorizing the Company to withhold Shares of Common Stock from the Shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant as
a result of the exercise of the Option; provided, however, that no Shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the
maximum amount of tax required to be withheld by law; or 

(c)
delivering to the Company previously owned and unencumbered Shares of Common Stock. 

The
Company has the right to withhold from any compensation paid to the Participant. 

3 

4.4 Issuance
of Shares . Provided that the Exercise Agreement and payment are in form and substance satisfactory to the Company, the Company
shall issue the Shares of Common Stock registered in the name of the Participant, the Participant s authorized assignee, or
the Participant s legal representative which shall be evidenced by stock certificates representing the Shares with the
appropriate legends affixed thereto, appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent, or other
appropriate means as determined by the Company. 

5.
No Right to Continued Employment; No Rights as Shareholder . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall confer upon the
Participant any right to be retained in any position, as an Employee, Consultant or Director of the Company. Further, nothing in the
Plan or this Agreement shall be construed to limit the discretion of the Company to terminate the Participant s employment or
service with the Company at any time, with or without Cause. The Participant shall not have any rights as a shareholder with respect
to any Shares of Common Stock subject to the Option unless and until certificates representing the Shares have been issued by the
Company to the holder of such Shares, or the Shares have otherwise been recorded on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized
transfer agent as owned by such holder. 

6.
Transferability . The Option is only transferable by will or the laws of descent and distribution or in accordance with the
limited conditions set forth in Section 9.3(b) of the Plan.. No assignment or transfer of the Option, or the rights represented
thereby, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise (except to a designated beneficiary, upon death, by will
or the laws of descent or distribution or pursuant to Section 9.3(b) of the Plan) will vest in the assignee or transferee any
interest or right herein whatsoever, but immediately upon such assignment or transfer the Option will terminate and become of no
further effect. 

7.
Change in Control . 

7.1 Acceleration
of Vesting . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, in the event of a Change in Control
prior to the date that the Option is fully vested and exercisable, the Option shall become immediately vested and exercisable with
respect to 100 of the Shares in each remaining vesting tranche. To the extent practicable, such acceleration of vesting and
exercisability shall occur in a manner and at a time which allows the Participant the ability to participate in the Change in
Control with respect to the Shares of Common Stock received. 

7.2 Cash-Out .
In the event of a Change in Control, the Committee may, in its discretion and upon at least ten (10) days advance notice to
the Participant, cancel the Option and pay to the Participant the value of the Option based upon the price per Share of Common Stock
received or to be received by other shareholders of the Company in the event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at the time of a
Change in Control the Exercise Price of the Option equals or exceeds the price paid for a Share of Common Stock in connection with
the Change in Control, the Committee may cancel the Option without the payment of consideration therefor. 

8.
Adjustments . The Shares of Common Stock subject to the Option may be adjusted or terminated in any manner as contemplated by the
Plan. 

4 

9.
Tax Liability and Withholding . Notwithstanding any action the Company takes with respect to any or all income tax, social
insurance, payroll tax, or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), the ultimate liability for all
Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant s responsibility and the Company (a) makes no representation or undertakings
regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with the grant, vesting, or exercise of the Option or the subsequent
sale of any Shares acquired on exercise; and (b) does not commit to structure the Option to reduce or eliminate the
Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items. 

10.
Qualification as an Incentive Stock Option . It is understood that this Option is intended to qualify as an incentive stock
option as defined in Section 422 of the Code to the extent permitted under Applicable Law. Accordingly, the Participant understands
that in order to obtain the benefits of an incentive stock option, no sale or other disposition may be made of Shares for which
incentive stock option treatment is desired within one (1) year following the date of exercise of the Option or within two (2) years
from the Grant Date. The Participant understands and agrees that the Company shall not be liable or responsible for any additional
tax liability the Participant incurs in the event that the Internal Revenue Service for any reason determines that this Option does
not qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of the Code. 

11.
Disqualifying Disposition . If the Participant disposes of the Shares of Common Stock prior to the expiration of either two (2)
years from the Grant Date or one (1) year from the date the Shares are transferred to the Participant pursuant to the exercise of
the Option (a Disqualifying Disposition ), the Participant shall notify the Company in writing within thirty
(30) days after such disposition of the date and terms of such disposition. The Participant also agrees to provide the Company with
any information concerning any such dispositions as the Company requires for tax purposes. 

12.
Compliance with Law . The exercise of the Option and the issuance and transfer of Shares of Common Stock shall be subject to
compliance by the Company and the Participant with all applicable requirements of federal and state securities laws and with all
applicable requirements of any stock exchange on which the Company s Shares of Common Stock may be listed. No Shares of Common
Stock shall be issued pursuant to this Option unless and until any then applicable requirements of state or federal laws and
regulatory agencies have been fully complied with to the satisfaction of the Company and its counsel. The Participant understands
that the Company is under no obligation to register the Shares with the Securities and Exchange Commission, any state securities
commission or any stock exchange to effect such compliance. 

13.
Notices . Any notice required to be delivered to the Company under this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the
Secretary of the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices. Any notice required to be delivered to the Participant
under this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Participant at the Participant s address as shown in the records
of the Company. Either party may designate another address in writing (or by such other method approved by the Company) from time to
time. 

5 

14.
Governing Law . This Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without
regard to conflict of law principles. 

15.
Interpretation . Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the Participant or the Company
to the Committee for review. The resolution of such dispute by the Committee shall be final and binding on the Participant and the
Company. 

16.
Options Subject to Plan . This Agreement is subject to the Plan as approved by the Company s shareholders. The terms and
provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a
conflict between any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of
the Plan will govern and prevail. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in this Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, if the
Plan is not approved by the Company s stockholders within 12 months of the Board s initial adoption of the Plan, this
Agreement will be deemed to be outside the Plan and will otherwise remain in full force and effect. 

17.
Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this
Agreement will be binding upon the Participant and the Participant s beneficiaries, executors, administrators and the
person(s) to whom this Agreement may be transferred by will or the laws of descent or distribution. 

18.
Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan or this Agreement shall not affect the validity or
enforceability of any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, and each provision of the Plan and this Agreement shall be
severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 

19.
Discretionary Nature of Plan . The Plan is discretionary and may be amended, cancelled or terminated by the Company at any time,
in its discretion. The grant of the Option in this Agreement does not create any contractual right or other right to receive any
Options or other Awards in the future. Future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. Any amendment,
modification, or termination of the Plan shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the
Participant s employment with the Company. 

20.
Amendment . The Committee has the right to amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or cancel the Option, prospectively or
retroactively; provided, that, no such amendment shall adversely affect the Participant s material rights under this Agreement
without the Participant s consent. 

21.
No Impact on Other Benefits . The value of the Participant s Option is not part of his or her normal or expected
compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, retirement, welfare, insurance or similar employee benefit. 

22.
Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which
together will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile
transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the
original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document
bearing an original signature. 

23.
Acceptance . The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this Agreement. The Participant has read and
understands the terms and provisions thereof, and accepts the Option subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and this
Agreement. The Participant acknowledges that there may be adverse tax consequences upon exercise of the Option or disposition of the
underlying Shares and that the Participant should consult a tax advisor prior to such exercise or disposition. 

Signature
Page to Follow 

6 

Signature
Page to Incentive Stock Option Agreement 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

BIORESTORATIVE
 THERAPIES, INC. 

By: 

Robert
 Kristal 

CFO 

PARTICIPANT: 

Lance Alstodt 

7 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.29>
 5
 ex10-29.htm

Exhibit
10.29 

INCENTIVE
STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT 
UNDER THE 
BIORESTORATIVE THERAPIES, INC. 
2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

This
Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into as of February 17, 2023 by and
between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), and Francisco Silva (the Participant ). 

Grant
 Date : 
 
 February
 17, 2023 
 
 Exercise
 Price per Share : 
 
 2.91 
 
 Number
 of Option Shares : 
 
 106,762 
 
 Expiration
 Date : 
 
 February
 17, 2033 

1. Grant
of Option . 

1.1.
 Grant; Type of Option . The Company hereby grants to the Participant an option (the Option to purchase the
number of Shares of Common Stock of the Company equal to the number of Option Shares set forth above. The Option is being granted pursuant
to the terms of the BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Option is intended
to be an Incentive Stock Option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, although the Company makes no representation or guarantee
that the Option will qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 

1.2. Consideration;
Subject to Plan . The grant of the Option is made in consideration of the services to be rendered by the Participant to the
Company and is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the
meanings given to them in the Plan. 

2.
Exercise Period; Vesting . 

2.1 Vesting
Schedule . The Option will become vested and exercisable with respect to 50 of the Option Shares on the Grant Date, with the
remainder vesting quarterly in eight nearly equal installments (at a rate of 1/16 per quarter) with the first quarterly installment
vesting on the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date and continuing every three months thereafter until fully vested. 

In
the event of the Participant s involuntary Termination of Service by the Company without Cause, 100 of the Shares subject to the
Option shall become immediately vested and exercisable. Upon the Participant s Termination of Service for any other reason, the
unvested portion of the Option will be forfeited and will not be exercisable. 

2.2 Expiration .
The Option will expire on the Expiration Date set forth above, or earlier as provided in this Agreement or the Plan. The Expiration
Date shall not be more than ten years from the Grant Date (or, if the Option is being granted to a Greater Than 10 Stockholder, not
more than five years from the Grant Date). To the extent the Expiration Date listed above is inconsistent with this paragraph, this
paragraph shall control. 

2.3
The Option shall not be subject to Section 9.6(a) of the Plan. 

3.
Termination of Service . 

3.1 Termination
for Reasons Other Than Cause, Death, Disability . If the Participant has a Termination of Service for any reason other than
Cause, death or Disability, the Participant may exercise the vested portion of the Option at any time until the Expiration
Date. 

3.2 Termination
for Cause . If the Participant has a Termination of Service for Cause, the Participant may exercise the vested portion of the
Option, but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of: (a) the date 12 months following the Participant s
Termination of Service or (b) the Expiration Date. 

3.3 Termination
due to Disability . If the Participant has a Termination of Service as a result of the Participant s Disability, the
Participant may exercise the vested portion of the Option, but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of: (a) the
date 24 months following the Participant s Termination of Service or (b) the Expiration Date. 

3.4 Termination
due to Death . If the Participant has a Termination of Service as a result of the Participant s death, the vested portion
of the Option may be exercised by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by
bequest or inheritance or by the person designated to exercise the Option upon the Participant s death, but only within the
time period ending on the earlier of: (a) the date 24 months following the Participant s Termination of Service, or (b) the
Expiration Date. 

4.
Manner of Exercise . 

4.1 Election
to Exercise . To exercise the Option, the Participant (or in the case of exercise after the Participant s death or
incapacity, the Participant s executor, administrator, heir or legatee, as the case may be) must deliver to the Company an
executed stock option exercise agreement in such form as is approved by the Committee from time to time (the Exercise
Agreement ), which shall set forth, inter alia: 

(a)
the Participant s election to exercise the Option; 

(b)
the number of Shares of Common Stock being purchased; 

(c)
any restrictions imposed on the Shares; and 

(d)
any representations, warranties and agreements regarding the Participant s investment intent and access to information as may
be required by the Company to comply with applicable securities laws. 

2 

If
someone other than the Participant exercises the Option, then such person must submit documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company
verifying that such person has the legal right to exercise the Option. 

4.2 Payment
of Exercise Price . The entire Exercise Price of the Option shall be payable in full at the time of exercise to the extent
permitted by applicable statutes and regulations, either: 

(a)
in cash or by certified or bank check at the time the Option is exercised; 

(b)
by delivery to the Company of other Shares of Common Stock, duly endorsed for transfer to the Company, with a Fair Market Value on
the date of delivery equal to the Exercise Price (or portion thereof) due for the number of Shares being acquired, or by means of
attestation whereby the Participant identifies for delivery specific Shares that have a Fair Market Value on the date of attestation
equal to the Exercise Price (or portion thereof) and receives a number of Shares equal to the difference between the number of
Shares thereby purchased and the number of identified attestation Shares (a Stock for Stock
Exchange ); 

(c)
through a cashless exercise program established with a broker; 

(d)
by reduction in the number of Shares otherwise deliverable upon exercise of such Option with a Fair Market Value equal to the
aggregate Exercise Price at the time of exercise; 

(e)
by any combination of the foregoing methods; or 

(f)
in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Committee. 

4.3 Withholding .
Prior to the issuance of Shares upon the exercise of the Option, the Participant must make arrangements satisfactory to the Company
to pay or provide for any applicable federal, state and local withholding obligations of the Company. The Participant may satisfy
any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to the exercise of the Option by any of the following
means: 

(a)
tendering a cash payment; 

(b)
authorizing the Company to withhold Shares of Common Stock from the Shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant as
a result of the exercise of the Option; provided, however, that no Shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the
maximum amount of tax required to be withheld by law; or 

(c)
delivering to the Company previously owned and unencumbered Shares of Common Stock. 

The
Company has the right to withhold from any compensation paid to the Participant. 

3 

4.4 Issuance
of Shares . Provided that the Exercise Agreement and payment are in form and substance satisfactory to the Company, the Company
shall issue the Shares of Common Stock registered in the name of the Participant, the Participant s authorized assignee, or
the Participant s legal representative which shall be evidenced by stock certificates representing the Shares with the
appropriate legends affixed thereto, appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent, or other
appropriate means as determined by the Company. 

5.
No Right to Continued Employment; No Rights as Shareholder . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall confer upon the
Participant any right to be retained in any position, as an Employee, Consultant or Director of the Company. Further, nothing in the
Plan or this Agreement shall be construed to limit the discretion of the Company to terminate the Participant s employment or
service with the Company at any time, with or without Cause. The Participant shall not have any rights as a shareholder with respect
to any Shares of Common Stock subject to the Option unless and until certificates representing the Shares have been issued by the
Company to the holder of such Shares, or the Shares have otherwise been recorded on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized
transfer agent as owned by such holder. 

6.
Transferability . The Option is only transferable by will or the laws of descent and distribution or in accordance with the
limited conditions set forth in Section 9.3(b) of the Plan.. No assignment or transfer of the Option, or the rights represented
thereby, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise (except to a designated beneficiary, upon death, by will
or the laws of descent or distribution or pursuant to Section 9.3(b) of the Plan) will vest in the assignee or transferee any
interest or right herein whatsoever, but immediately upon such assignment or transfer the Option will terminate and become of no
further effect. 

7.
Change in Control . 

7.1 Acceleration
of Vesting . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, in the event of a Change in Control
prior to the date that the Option is fully vested and exercisable, the Option shall become immediately vested and exercisable with
respect to 100 of the Shares in each remaining vesting tranche. To the extent practicable, such acceleration of vesting and
exercisability shall occur in a manner and at a time which allows the Participant the ability to participate in the Change in
Control with respect to the Shares of Common Stock received. 

7.2 Cash-Out .
In the event of a Change in Control, the Committee may, in its discretion and upon at least ten (10) days advance notice to
the Participant, cancel the Option and pay to the Participant the value of the Option based upon the price per Share of Common Stock
received or to be received by other shareholders of the Company in the event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at the time of a
Change in Control the Exercise Price of the Option equals or exceeds the price paid for a Share of Common Stock in connection with
the Change in Control, the Committee may cancel the Option without the payment of consideration therefor. 

8.
Adjustments . The Shares of Common Stock subject to the Option may be adjusted or terminated in any manner as contemplated by the
Plan. 

4 

9.
Tax Liability and Withholding . Notwithstanding any action the Company takes with respect to any or all income tax, social
insurance, payroll tax, or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), the ultimate liability for all
Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant s responsibility and the Company (a) makes no representation or undertakings
regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with the grant, vesting, or exercise of the Option or the subsequent
sale of any Shares acquired on exercise; and (b) does not commit to structure the Option to reduce or eliminate the
Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items. 

10.
Qualification as an Incentive Stock Option . It is understood that this Option is intended to qualify as an incentive stock
option as defined in Section 422 of the Code to the extent permitted under Applicable Law. Accordingly, the Participant understands
that in order to obtain the benefits of an incentive stock option, no sale or other disposition may be made of Shares for which
incentive stock option treatment is desired within one (1) year following the date of exercise of the Option or within two (2) years
from the Grant Date. The Participant understands and agrees that the Company shall not be liable or responsible for any additional
tax liability the Participant incurs in the event that the Internal Revenue Service for any reason determines that this Option does
not qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of the Code. 

11.
Disqualifying Disposition . If the Participant disposes of the Shares of Common Stock prior to the expiration of either two (2)
years from the Grant Date or one (1) year from the date the Shares are transferred to the Participant pursuant to the exercise of
the Option (a Disqualifying Disposition ), the Participant shall notify the Company in writing within thirty
(30) days after such disposition of the date and terms of such disposition. The Participant also agrees to provide the Company with
any information concerning any such dispositions as the Company requires for tax purposes. 

12.
Compliance with Law . The exercise of the Option and the issuance and transfer of Shares of Common Stock shall be subject to
compliance by the Company and the Participant with all applicable requirements of federal and state securities laws and with all
applicable requirements of any stock exchange on which the Company s Shares of Common Stock may be listed. No Shares of Common
Stock shall be issued pursuant to this Option unless and until any then applicable requirements of state or federal laws and
regulatory agencies have been fully complied with to the satisfaction of the Company and its counsel. The Participant understands
that the Company is under no obligation to register the Shares with the Securities and Exchange Commission, any state securities
commission or any stock exchange to effect such compliance. 

13.
Notices . Any notice required to be delivered to the Company under this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the
Secretary of the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices. Any notice required to be delivered to the Participant
under this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Participant at the Participant s address as shown in the records
of the Company. Either party may designate another address in writing (or by such other method approved by the Company) from time to
time. 

14.
Governing Law . This Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without
regard to conflict of law principles. 

5 

15.
Interpretation . Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the Participant or the Company
to the Committee for review. The resolution of such dispute by the Committee shall be final and binding on the Participant and the
Company. 

16.
Options Subject to Plan . This Agreement is subject to the Plan as approved by the Company s shareholders. The terms and
provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a
conflict between any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of
the Plan will govern and prevail. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in this Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, if the
Plan is not approved by the Company s stockholders within 12 months of the Board s initial adoption of the Plan, this
Agreement will be deemed to be outside the Plan and will otherwise remain in full force and effect. 

17.
Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this
Agreement will be binding upon the Participant and the Participant s beneficiaries, executors, administrators and the
person(s) to whom this Agreement may be transferred by will or the laws of descent or distribution. 

18.
Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan or this Agreement shall not affect the validity or
enforceability of any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, and each provision of the Plan and this Agreement shall be
severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 

19.
Discretionary Nature of Plan . The Plan is discretionary and may be amended, cancelled or terminated by the Company at any time,
in its discretion. The grant of the Option in this Agreement does not create any contractual right or other right to receive any
Options or other Awards in the future. Future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. Any amendment,
modification, or termination of the Plan shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the
Participant s employment with the Company. 

20.
Amendment . The Committee has the right to amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or cancel the Option, prospectively or
retroactively; provided, that, no such amendment shall adversely affect the Participant s material rights under this Agreement
without the Participant s consent. 

21.
No Impact on Other Benefits . The value of the Participant s Option is not part of his or her normal or expected
compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, retirement, welfare, insurance or similar employee benefit. 

22.
Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which
together will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile
transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the
original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document
bearing an original signature. 

23.
Acceptance . The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this Agreement. The Participant has read and
understands the terms and provisions thereof, and accepts the Option subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and this
Agreement. The Participant acknowledges that there may be adverse tax consequences upon exercise of the Option or disposition of the
underlying Shares and that the Participant should consult a tax advisor prior to such exercise or disposition. 

Signature
Page to Follow 

6 

Signature
Page to Incentive Stock Option Agreement 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

BIORESTORATIVE
 THERAPIES, INC. 

By: 

Robert
 Kristal 

CFO 

PARTICIPANT: 

Francisco Silva 

7 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.30>
 6
 ex10-30.htm

Exhibit
10.30 

INCENTIVE
STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT 
UNDER THE 
BIORESTORATIVE THERAPIES, INC. 
2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

This
Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into as of February 17, 2023 by and
between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), and Robert Kristal (the Participant ). 

Grant
 Date : 
 February
 17, 2023 
 
 Exercise
 Price per Share : 
 2.91 
 
 Number
 of Option Shares : 
 88,968 
 
 Expiration
 Date : 
 February
 17, 2033 

1. Grant of Option . 

1.1.
 Grant; Type of Option . The Company hereby grants to the Participant an option (the Option to purchase the
number of Shares of Common Stock of the Company equal to the number of Option Shares set forth above. The Option is being granted pursuant
to the terms of the BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Option is intended
to be an Incentive Stock Option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, although the Company makes no representation or guarantee
that the Option will qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 

1.2.
 Consideration; Subject to Plan . The grant of the Option is made in consideration of the services to be rendered by the Participant
to the Company and is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the
meanings given to them in the Plan. 

2.
Exercise Period; Vesting . 

2.1
 Vesting Schedule . The Option will become vested and exercisable with respect to 50 of the Option Shares on the Grant Date, with
the remainder vesting quarterly in eight nearly equal installments (at a rate of 1/16 per quarter) with the first quarterly installment
vesting on the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date and continuing every three months thereafter until fully vested. 

Upon
the Participant s Termination of Service for any reason, the unvested portion of the Option will be forfeited and will not be exercisable. 

2.2
 Expiration . The Option will expire on the Expiration Date set forth above, or earlier as provided in this Agreement or the Plan.
The Expiration Date shall not be more than ten years from the Grant Date (or, if the Option is being granted to a Greater Than 10 Stockholder,
not more than five years from the Grant Date). To the extent the Expiration Date listed above is inconsistent with this paragraph, this
paragraph shall control. 

3.
Termination of Service . 

3.1
 Termination for Reasons Other Than Cause, Death, Disability . If the Participant has a Termination of Service for any reason other
than Cause, death or Disability, the Participant may exercise the vested portion of the Option, but only within such period of time ending
on the earlier of: (a) the date three months following the Participant s Termination of Service, or (b) the Expiration Date. 

3.2
 Termination for Cause . If the Participant has a Termination of Service for Cause, the Option (whether vested or unvested) shall
immediately terminate and cease to be exercisable. 

3.3
 Termination due to Disability . If the Participant has a Termination of Service as 

a
result of the Participant s Disability, the Participant may exercise the vested portion of the Option, but only within such period
of time ending on the earlier of: (a) the date 12 months following the Participant s Termination of Service or (b) the Expiration
Date. 

3.4
 Termination due to Death . If the Participant has a Termination of Service as a result of the Participant s death, the vested
portion of the Option may be exercised by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by
bequest or inheritance or by the person designated to exercise the Option upon the Participant s death, but only within the time
period ending on the earlier of: (a) the date 12 months following the Participant s Termination of Service, or (b) the Expiration
Date. 

4.
Manner of Exercise . 

4.1
 Election to Exercise . To exercise the Option, the Participant (or in the case of exercise after the Participant s death
or incapacity, the Participant s executor, administrator, heir or legatee, as the case may be) must deliver to the Company an executed
stock option exercise agreement in such form as is approved by the Committee from time to time (the Exercise Agreement ),
which shall set forth, inter alia: 

(a)
the Participant s election to exercise the Option; 

(b)
the number of Shares of Common Stock being purchased; 

(c)
any restrictions imposed on the Shares; and 

(d)
any representations, warranties and agreements regarding the Participant s investment intent and access to information as may be
required by the Company to comply with applicable securities laws. 

If
someone other than the Participant exercises the Option, then such person must submit documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company
verifying that such person has the legal right to exercise the Option. 

4.2
 Payment of Exercise Price . The entire Exercise Price of the Option shall be payable in full at the time of exercise to the extent
permitted by applicable statutes and regulations, either: 

(a)
in cash or by certified or bank check at the time the Option is exercised; 

2 

(b)
by delivery to the Company of other Shares of Common Stock, duly endorsed for transfer to the Company, with a Fair Market Value on the
date of delivery equal to the Exercise Price (or portion thereof) due for the number of Shares being acquired, or by means of attestation
whereby the Participant identifies for delivery specific Shares that have a Fair Market Value on the date of attestation equal to the
Exercise Price (or portion thereof) and receives a number of Shares equal to the difference between the number of Shares thereby purchased
and the number of identified attestation Shares (a Stock for Stock Exchange ); 

(c)
through a cashless exercise program established with a broker; 

(d)
by reduction in the number of Shares otherwise deliverable upon exercise of such Option with a Fair Market Value equal to the aggregate
Exercise Price at the time of exercise; 

(e)
by any combination of the foregoing methods; or 

(f)
in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Committee. 

4.3 Withholding .
Prior to the issuance of Shares upon the exercise of the Option, the Participant must make arrangements satisfactory to the
Company to pay or provide for any applicable federal, state and local withholding obligations of the Company. The Participant may
satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to the exercise of the Option by any of the following
means: 

(a)
tendering a cash payment; 

(b)
authorizing the Company to withhold Shares of Common Stock from the Shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant as a
result of the exercise of the Option; provided, however, that no Shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the maximum
amount of tax required to be withheld by law; or 

(c)
delivering to the Company previously owned and unencumbered Shares of Common Stock. 

The
Company has the right to withhold from any compensation paid to the Participant. 

4.4
 Issuance of Shares . Provided that the Exercise Agreement and payment are in form and substance satisfactory to the Company, the
Company shall issue the Shares of Common Stock registered in the name of the Participant, the Participant s authorized assignee,
or the Participant s legal representative which shall be evidenced by stock certificates representing the Shares with the appropriate
legends affixed thereto, appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent, or other appropriate means
as determined by the Company. 

3 

5.
No Right to Continued Employment; No Rights as Shareholder . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant
any right to be retained in any position, as an Employee, Consultant or Director of the Company. Further, nothing in the Plan or this
Agreement shall be construed to limit the discretion of the Company to terminate the Participant s employment or service with the
Company at any time, with or without Cause. The Participant shall not have any rights as a shareholder with respect to any Shares of
Common Stock subject to the Option unless and until certificates representing the Shares have been issued by the Company to the holder
of such Shares, or the Shares have otherwise been recorded on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent as owned
by such holder. 

6.
Transferability . The Option is only transferable by will or the laws of descent and distribution or in accordance with the limited
conditions set forth in Section 9.3(b) of the Plan. No assignment or transfer of the Option, or the rights represented thereby, whether
voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise (except to a designated beneficiary, upon death, by will or the laws of descent
or distribution or pursuant to Section 9.3(b) of the Plan) will vest in the assignee or transferee any interest or right herein whatsoever,
but immediately upon such assignment or transfer the Option will terminate and become of no further effect. 

7.
Change in Control . 

7.1
 Acceleration of Vesting . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, in the event of a Change
in Control prior to the date that the Option is fully vested and exercisable, the Option shall become immediately vested and exercisable
with respect to 100 of the Shares in each remaining vesting tranche. To the extent practicable, such acceleration of vesting and exercisability
shall occur in a manner and at a time which allows the Participant the ability to participate in the Change in Control with respect to
the Shares of Common Stock received. 

7.2
 Cash Out . In the event of a Change in Control, the Committee may, in its discretion and upon at least ten (10) days advance
notice to the Participant, cancel the Option and pay to the Participant the value of the Option based upon the price per Share of Common
Stock received or to be received by other shareholders of the Company in the event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at the time of
a Change in Control the Exercise Price of the Option equals or exceeds the price paid for a Share of Common Stock in connection with
the Change in Control, the Committee may cancel the Option without the payment of consideration therefor. 

8.
Adjustments . The Shares of Common Stock subject to the Option may be adjusted or terminated in any manner as contemplated by the
Plan. 

9.
Tax Liability and Withholding . Notwithstanding any action the Company takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance,
payroll tax, or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items
is and remains the Participant s responsibility and the Company (a) makes no representation or undertakings regarding the treatment
of any Tax-Related Items in connection with the grant, vesting, or exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired
on exercise; and (b) does not commit to structure the Option to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related
Items. 

4 

10.
Qualification as an Incentive Stock Option . It is understood that this Option is intended to qualify as an incentive stock option
as defined in Section 422 of the Code to the extent permitted under Applicable Law. Accordingly, the Participant understands that in
order to obtain the benefits of an incentive stock option, no sale or other disposition may be made of Shares for which incentive stock
option treatment is desired within one (1) year following the date of exercise of the Option or within two (2) years from the Grant Date.
The Participant understands and agrees that the Company shall not be liable or responsible for any additional tax liability the Participant
incurs in the event that the Internal Revenue Service for any reason determines that this Option does not qualify as an incentive stock
option within the meaning of the Code. 

11.
Disqualifying Disposition . If the Participant disposes of the Shares of Common Stock prior to the expiration of either two (2) years
from the Grant Date or one (1) year from the date the Shares are transferred to the Participant pursuant to the exercise of the Option
(a Disqualifying Disposition ), the Participant shall notify the Company in writing within thirty (30) days after
such disposition of the date and terms of such disposition. The Participant also agrees to provide the Company with any information concerning
any such dispositions as the Company requires for tax purposes. 

12.
Compliance with Law . The exercise of the Option and the issuance and transfer of Shares of Common Stock shall be subject to compliance
by the Company and the Participant with all applicable requirements of federal and state securities laws and with all applicable requirements
of any stock exchange on which the Company s Shares of Common Stock may be listed. No Shares of Common Stock shall be issued pursuant
to this Option unless and until any then applicable requirements of state or federal laws and regulatory agencies have been fully complied
with to the satisfaction of the Company and its counsel. The Participant understands that the Company is under no obligation to register
the Shares with the Securities and Exchange Commission, any state securities commission or any stock exchange to effect such compliance. 

13.
Notices . Any notice required to be delivered to the Company under this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Secretary
of the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices. Any notice required to be delivered to the Participant under this
Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Participant at the Participant s address as shown in the records of the Company.
Either party may designate another address in writing (or by such other method approved by the Company) from time to time. 

14.
Governing Law . This Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard
to conflict of law principles. 

15.
Interpretation . Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the Participant or the Company to
the Committee for review. The resolution of such dispute by the Committee shall be final and binding on the Participant and the Company. 

16.
Options Subject to Plan . This Agreement is subject to the Plan as approved by the Company s shareholders. The terms and provisions
of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any
term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the Plan will govern and
prevail. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in this Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, if the Plan is not approved by the
Company s stockholders within 12 months of the Board s initial adoption of the Plan, this Agreement will be deemed to be
outside the Plan and will otherwise remain in full force and effect. 

5 

17.
Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Agreement
will be binding upon the Participant and the Participant s beneficiaries, executors, administrators and the person(s) to whom this
Agreement may be transferred by will or the laws of descent or distribution. 

18.
Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan or this Agreement shall not affect the validity or
enforceability of any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, and each provision of the Plan and this Agreement shall be severable
and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 

19.
Discretionary Nature of Plan . The Plan is discretionary and may be amended, cancelled or terminated by the Company at any time, in
its discretion. The grant of the Option in this Agreement does not create any contractual right or other right to receive any Options
or other Awards in the future. Future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. Any amendment, modification, or
termination of the Plan shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the Participant s employment
with the Company. 

20.
Amendment . The Committee has the right to amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or cancel the Option, prospectively or retroactively;
provided, that, no such amendment shall adversely affect the Participant s material rights under this Agreement without the Participant s
consent. 

21.
No Impact on Other Benefits . The value of the Participant s Option is not part of his or her normal or expected compensation
for purposes of calculating any severance, retirement, welfare, insurance or similar employee benefit. 

22.
Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together
will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by
electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial
appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. 

23.
Acceptance . The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this Agreement. The Participant has read and understands
the terms and provisions thereof, and accepts the Option subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. The
Participant acknowledges that there may be adverse tax consequences upon exercise of the Option or disposition of the underlying Shares
and that the Participant should consult a tax advisor prior to such exercise or disposition. 

6 

Signature
Page to Incentive Stock Option Agreement 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

BIORESTORATIVE
 THERAPIES, INC. 

By: 

Lance
 Alstodt 

President
 and CEO 

PARTICIPANT: 

Robert
 Kristal 

7 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-10.31>
 7
 ex10-31.htm

Exhibit
10.31 

INCENTIVE
STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT 
UNDER THE 
BIORESTORATIVE THERAPIES, INC. 
2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

This
Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into as of February 17, 2023 by and
between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), and Robert Paccasassi (the Participant ). 

Grant
 Date : 
 February
 17, 2023 
 
 Exercise
 Price per Share : 
 2.91 
 
 Number
 of Option Shares : 
 88,968 
 
 Expiration
 Date : 
 February
 17, 2033 

1.
 Grant of Option . 

1.1.
 Grant; Type of Option . The Company hereby grants to the Participant an option (the Option to purchase the
number of Shares of Common Stock of the Company equal to the number of Option Shares set forth above. The Option is being granted pursuant
to the terms of the BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Option is intended
to be an Incentive Stock Option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, although the Company makes no representation or guarantee
that the Option will qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 

1.2.
 Consideration; Subject to Plan . The grant of the Option is made in consideration of the services to be rendered by the Participant
to the Company and is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the
meanings given to them in the Plan. 

2.
Exercise Period; Vesting . 

2.1
 Vesting Schedule . The Option will become vested and exercisable with respect to 50 of the Option Shares on the Grant Date, with
the remainder vesting quarterly in eight nearly equal installments (at a rate of 1/16 per quarter) with the first quarterly installment
vesting on the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date and continuing every three months thereafter until fully vested. 

Upon
the Participant s Termination of Service for any reason, the unvested portion of the Option will be forfeited and will not be exercisable. 

2.2
 Expiration . The Option will expire on the Expiration Date set forth above, or earlier as provided in this Agreement or the Plan.
The Expiration Date shall not be more than ten years from the Grant Date (or, if the Option is being granted to a Greater Than 10 Stockholder,
not more than five years from the Grant Date). To the extent the Expiration Date listed above is inconsistent with this paragraph, this
paragraph shall control. 

3.
Termination of Service . 

3.1
 Termination for Reasons Other Than Cause, Death, Disability . If the Participant has a Termination of Service for any reason other
than Cause, death or Disability, the Participant may exercise the vested portion of the Option, but only within such period of time ending
on the earlier of: (a) the date three months following the Participant s Termination of Service, or (b) the Expiration Date. 

3.2
 Termination for Cause . If the Participant has a Termination of Service for Cause, the Option (whether vested or unvested) shall
immediately terminate and cease to be exercisable. 

3.3 Termination
due to Disability . If the Participant has a Termination of Service as a result of the Participant s Disability, the
Participant may exercise the vested portion of the Option, but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of: (a) the
date 12 months following the Participant s Termination of Service or (b) the Expiration Date. 

3.4
 Termination due to Death . If the Participant has a Termination of Service as a result of the Participant s death, the vested
portion of the Option may be exercised by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by
bequest or inheritance or by the person designated to exercise the Option upon the Participant s death, but only within the time
period ending on the earlier of: (a) the date 12 months following the Participant s Termination of Service, or (b) the Expiration
Date. 

4.
Manner of Exercise . 

4.1
 Election to Exercise . To exercise the Option, the Participant (or in the case of exercise after the Participant s death
or incapacity, the Participant s executor, administrator, heir or legatee, as the case may be) must deliver to the Company an executed
stock option exercise agreement in such form as is approved by the Committee from time to time (the Exercise Agreement ),
which shall set forth, inter alia: 

(a)
the Participant s election to exercise the Option; 

(b)
the number of Shares of Common Stock being purchased; 

(c)
any restrictions imposed on the Shares; and 

(d)
any representations, warranties and agreements regarding the Participant s investment intent and access to information as may be
required by the Company to comply with applicable securities laws. 

If
someone other than the Participant exercises the Option, then such person must submit documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company
verifying that such person has the legal right to exercise the Option. 

4.2
 Payment of Exercise Price . The entire Exercise Price of the Option shall be payable in full at the time of exercise to the extent
permitted by applicable statutes and regulations, either: 

(a)
in cash or by certified or bank check at the time the Option is exercised; 

2 

(b)
by delivery to the Company of other Shares of Common Stock, duly endorsed for transfer to the Company, with a Fair Market Value on the
date of delivery equal to the Exercise Price (or portion thereof) due for the number of Shares being acquired, or by means of attestation
whereby the Participant identifies for delivery specific Shares that have a Fair Market Value on the date of attestation equal to the
Exercise Price (or portion thereof) and receives a number of Shares equal to the difference between the number of Shares thereby purchased
and the number of identified attestation Shares (a Stock for Stock Exchange ); 

(c)
through a cashless exercise program established with a broker; 

(d)
by reduction in the number of Shares otherwise deliverable upon exercise of such Option with a Fair Market Value equal to the aggregate
Exercise Price at the time of exercise; 

(e)
by any combination of the foregoing methods; or 

(f)
in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Committee. 

4.3
 Withholding . Prior to the issuance of Shares upon the exercise of the Option, the 

Participant
must make arrangements satisfactory to the Company to pay or provide for any applicable federal, state and local withholding obligations
of the Company. The Participant may satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to the exercise of the Option
by any of the following means: 

(a)
tendering a cash payment; 

(b)
authorizing the Company to withhold Shares of Common Stock from the Shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant as a
result of the exercise of the Option; provided, however, that no Shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the maximum
amount of tax required to be withheld by law; or 

(c)
delivering to the Company previously owned and unencumbered Shares of Common Stock. 

The
Company has the right to withhold from any compensation paid to the Participant. 

4.4
 Issuance of Shares . Provided that the Exercise Agreement and payment are in form and substance satisfactory to the Company, the
Company shall issue the Shares of Common Stock registered in the name of the Participant, the Participant s authorized assignee,
or the Participant s legal representative which shall be evidenced by stock certificates representing the Shares with the appropriate
legends affixed thereto, appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent, or other appropriate means
as determined by the Company. 

3 

5.
No Right to Continued Employment; No Rights as Shareholder . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant
any right to be retained in any position, as an Employee, Consultant or Director of the Company. Further, nothing in the Plan or this
Agreement shall be construed to limit the discretion of the Company to terminate the Participant s employment or service with the
Company at any time, with or without Cause. The Participant shall not have any rights as a shareholder with respect to any Shares of
Common Stock subject to the Option unless and until certificates representing the Shares have been issued by the Company to the holder
of such Shares, or the Shares have otherwise been recorded on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent as owned
by such holder. 

6.
Transferability . The Option is only transferable by will or the laws of descent and distribution or in accordance with the limited
conditions set forth in Section 9.3(b) of the Plan. No assignment or transfer of the Option, or the rights represented thereby, whether
voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise (except to a designated beneficiary, upon death, by will or the laws of descent
or distribution or pursuant to Section 9.3(b) of the Plan) will vest in the assignee or transferee any interest or right herein whatsoever,
but immediately upon such assignment or transfer the Option will terminate and become of no further effect. 

7.
Change in Control . 

7.1
 Acceleration of Vesting . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, in the event of a Change
in Control prior to the date that the Option is fully vested and exercisable, the Option shall become immediately vested and exercisable
with respect to 100 of the Shares in each remaining vesting tranche. To the extent practicable, such acceleration of vesting and exercisability
shall occur in a manner and at a time which allows the Participant the ability to participate in the Change in Control with respect to
the Shares of Common Stock received. 

7.2
 Cash Out . In the event of a Change in Control, the Committee may, in its discretion and upon at least ten (10) days advance
notice to the Participant, cancel the Option and pay to the Participant the value of the Option based upon the price per Share of Common
Stock received or to be received by other shareholders of the Company in the event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at the time of
a Change in Control the Exercise Price of the Option equals or exceeds the price paid for a Share of Common Stock in connection with
the Change in Control, the Committee may cancel the Option without the payment of consideration therefor. 

8.
Adjustments . The Shares of Common Stock subject to the Option may be adjusted or terminated in any manner as contemplated by the
Plan. 

9.
Tax Liability and Withholding . Notwithstanding any action the Company takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance,
payroll tax, or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items
is and remains the Participant s responsibility and the Company (a) makes no representation or undertakings regarding the treatment
of any Tax-Related Items in connection with the grant, vesting, or exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired
on exercise; and (b) does not commit to structure the Option to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related
Items. 

4 

10.
Qualification as an Incentive Stock Option . It is understood that this Option is intended to qualify as an incentive stock option
as defined in Section 422 of the Code to the extent permitted under Applicable Law. Accordingly, the Participant understands that in
order to obtain the benefits of an incentive stock option, no sale or other disposition may be made of Shares for which incentive stock
option treatment is desired within one (1) year following the date of exercise of the Option or within two (2) years from the Grant Date.
The Participant understands and agrees that the Company shall not be liable or responsible for any additional tax liability the Participant
incurs in the event that the Internal Revenue Service for any reason determines that this Option does not qualify as an incentive stock
option within the meaning of the Code. 

11.
Disqualifying Disposition . If the Participant disposes of the Shares of Common Stock prior to the expiration of either two (2) years
from the Grant Date or one (1) year from the date the Shares are transferred to the Participant pursuant to the exercise of the Option
(a Disqualifying Disposition ), the Participant shall notify the Company in writing within thirty (30) days after
such disposition of the date and terms of such disposition. The Participant also agrees to provide the Company with any information concerning
any such dispositions as the Company requires for tax purposes. 

12.
Compliance with Law . The exercise of the Option and the issuance and transfer of Shares of Common Stock shall be subject to compliance
by the Company and the Participant with all applicable requirements of federal and state securities laws and with all applicable requirements
of any stock exchange on which the Company s Shares of Common Stock may be listed. No Shares of Common Stock shall be issued pursuant
to this Option unless and until any then applicable requirements of state or federal laws and regulatory agencies have been fully complied
with to the satisfaction of the Company and its counsel. The Participant understands that the Company is under no obligation to register
the Shares with the Securities and Exchange Commission, any state securities commission or any stock exchange to effect such compliance. 

13.
Notices . Any notice required to be delivered to the Company under this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Secretary
of the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices. Any notice required to be delivered to the Participant under this
Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Participant at the Participant s address as shown in the records of the Company.
Either party may designate another address in writing (or by such other method approved by the Company) from time to time. 

14.
Governing Law . This Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard
to conflict of law principles. 

15.
Interpretation . Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the Participant or the Company to
the Committee for review. The resolution of such dispute by the Committee shall be final and binding on the Participant and the Company. 

16.
Options Subject to Plan . This Agreement is subject to the Plan as approved by the Company s shareholders. The terms and provisions
of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between any
term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the Plan will govern and
prevail. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in this Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, if the Plan is not approved by the
Company s stockholders within 12 months of the Board s initial adoption of the Plan, this Agreement will be deemed to be
outside the Plan and will otherwise remain in full force and effect. 

5 

17.
Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure
to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Agreement
will be binding upon the Participant and the Participant s beneficiaries, executors, administrators and the person(s) to whom this
Agreement may be transferred by will or the laws of descent or distribution. 

18.
Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan or this Agreement shall not affect the validity or
enforceability of any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, and each provision of the Plan and this Agreement shall be severable
and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 

19.
Discretionary Nature of Plan . The Plan is discretionary and may be amended, cancelled or terminated by the Company at any time, in
its discretion. The grant of the Option in this Agreement does not create any contractual right or other right to receive any Options
or other Awards in the future. Future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. Any amendment, modification, or
termination of the Plan shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the Participant s employment
with the Company. 

20.
Amendment . The Committee has the right to amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or cancel the Option, prospectively or retroactively;
provided, that, no such amendment shall adversely affect the Participant s material rights under this Agreement without the Participant s
consent. 

21.
No Impact on Other Benefits . The value of the Participant s Option is not part of his or her normal or expected compensation
for purposes of calculating any severance, retirement, welfare, insurance or similar employee benefit. 

22.
Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together
will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by
electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial
appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. 

23.
Acceptance . The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this Agreement. The Participant has read and understands
the terms and provisions thereof, and accepts the Option subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. The
Participant acknowledges that there may be adverse tax consequences upon exercise of the Option or disposition of the underlying Shares
and that the Participant should consult a tax advisor prior to such exercise or disposition. 

6 

Signature
Page to Incentive Stock Option Agreement 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

BIORESTORATIVE
 THERAPIES, INC. 

By: 

Lance
 Alstodt 

President
 and CEO 

PARTICIPANT: 

Robert Paccasassi 

7 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 8
 ex10-32.htm

Exhibit
10.32 

NON-QUALIFIED
STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT 
UNDER THE 
BIORESTORATIVE THERAPIES, INC. 
2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

This
Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into as of February 17, 2023 by
and between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), and Nickolay Kukekov (the Participant ). 

Grant
 Date : 
 
 February
 17, 2023 
 
 Exercise
 Price per Share : 
 
 2.91 
 
 Number
 of Option Shares : 
 
 32,028 
 
 Expiration
 Date : 
 
 February
 17, 2033 

1. Grant of Option . 

1.1.
 Grant; Type of Option . The Company hereby grants to the Participant an option (the Option to purchase the
number of Shares of Common Stock of the Company equal to the number of Option Shares set forth above. The Option is being granted pursuant
to the terms of the BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Option is intended
to be a Non-Qualified Stock Option and not an Incentive Stock Option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 

1.2.
 Consideration; Subject to Plan . The grant of the Option is made in consideration of the services to be rendered by the Participant
to the Company and is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the
meanings given to them in the Plan. 

2.
 Exercise Period; Vesting . 

2.1
 Vesting Schedule . The Option will become vested and exercisable in twelve equal monthly installments (at a rate of 1/12 per month)
with the first installment vesting on the one-month anniversary of the Grant Date and continuing every month thereafter until fully vested. 

Upon
the Participant s Termination of Service for any reason, the unvested portion of the Option will be forfeited and will not be exercisable. 

2.2
 Expiration . The Option will expire on the Expiration Date set forth above, or earlier as provided in this Agreement or the Plan. 

3.
 Termination of Service . 

3.1
 Termination for Reasons Other Than Cause, Death, Disability . If the Participant has a Termination of Service for any reason other
than Cause, death or Disability, the Participant may exercise the vested portion of the Option, but only within such period of time ending
on the earlier of: (a) the date three months following the Participant s Termination of Service, or (b) the Expiration Date. 

1 

3.2
 Termination for Cause . If the Participant has a Termination of Service for Cause, the Option (whether vested or unvested) shall
immediately terminate and cease to be exercisable. 

3.3
 Termination due to Disability . If the Participant has a Termination of Service as a result of the Participant s Disability,
the Participant may exercise the vested portion of the Option, but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of: (a) the
date 12 months following the Participant s Termination of Service or (b) the Expiration Date. 

3.4
 Termination due to Death . If the Participant has a Termination of Service as a result of the Participant s death, the vested
portion of the Option may be exercised by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by
bequest or inheritance or by the person designated to exercise the Option upon the Participant s death, but only within the time
period ending on the earlier of: (a) the date 12 months following the Participant s Termination of Service, or (b) the Expiration
Date. 

4.
 Manner of Exercise . 

4.1
 Election to Exercise . To exercise the Option, the Participant (or in the case of exercise after the Participant s death
or incapacity, the Participant s executor, administrator, heir or legatee, as the case may be) must deliver to the Company an executed
stock option exercise agreement in such form as is approved by the Committee from time to time (the Exercise Agreement ),
which shall set forth, inter alia: 

(a)
the Participant s election to exercise the Option; 

(b)
the number of Shares of Common Stock being purchased; 

(c)
any restrictions imposed on the Shares; and 

(d)
any representations, warranties and agreements regarding the Participant s investment intent and access to information as may be
required by the Company to comply with applicable securities laws. 

If
someone other than the Participant exercises the Option, then such person must submit documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company
verifying that such person has the legal right to exercise the Option. 

4.2
 Payment of Exercise Price . The entire Exercise Price of the Option shall be payable in full at the time of exercise to the extent
permitted by applicable statutes and regulations, either: 

(a)
in cash or by certified or bank check at the time the Option is exercised; 

2 

(b)
by delivery to the Company of other Shares of Common Stock, duly endorsed for transfer to the Company, with a Fair Market Value on the
date of delivery equal to the Exercise Price (or portion thereof) due for the number of Shares being acquired, or by means of attestation
whereby the Participant identifies for delivery specific Shares that have a Fair Market Value on the date of attestation equal to the
Exercise Price (or portion thereof) and receives a number of Shares equal to the difference between the number of Shares thereby purchased
and the number of identified attestation Shares (a Stock for Stock Exchange ); 

(c)
through a cashless exercise program established with a broker; 

(d)
by reduction in the number of Shares otherwise deliverable upon exercise of such Option with a Fair Market Value equal to the aggregate
Exercise Price at the time of exercise; 

(e)
by any combination of the foregoing methods; or 

(f)
in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Committee. 

4.3
 Withholding . Prior to the issuance of Shares upon the exercise of the Option, the Participant must make arrangements satisfactory
to the Company to pay or provide for any applicable federal, state and local withholding obligations of the Company. The Participant
may satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to the exercise of the Option by any of the following means: 

 (a)
tendering a cash payment; 

(b)
authorizing the Company to withhold Shares of Common Stock from the Shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant as a
result of the exercise of the Option; provided, however, that no Shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the maximum
amount of tax required to be withheld by law; or 

(c)
delivering to the Company previously owned and unencumbered Shares of Common Stock. 

The
Company has the right to withhold from any compensation paid to the Participant. 

4.4
 Issuance of Shares . Provided that the Exercise Agreement and payment are in form and substance satisfactory to the Company, the
Company shall issue the Shares of Common Stock registered in the name of the Participant, the Participant s authorized assignee,
or the Participant s legal representative which shall be evidenced by stock certificates representing the Shares with the appropriate
legends affixed thereto, appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent, or other appropriate means
as determined by the Company. 

3 

5.
 No Right to Continued Employment; No Rights as Shareholder . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant
any right to be retained in any position, as an Employee, Consultant or Director of the Company. Further, nothing in the Plan or this
Agreement shall be construed to limit the discretion of the Company to terminate the Participant s employment or service with the
Company at any time, with or without Cause. The Participant shall not have any rights as a shareholder with respect to any Shares of
Common Stock subject to the Option unless and until certificates representing the Shares have been issued by the Company to the holder
of such Shares, or the Shares have otherwise been recorded on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent as owned
by such holder. 

6.
 Transferability . The Option is only transferable by will or the laws of descent and distribution or in accordance with the limited
conditions set forth in Section 9.3(b) of the Plan. No assignment or transfer of the Option, or the rights represented thereby, whether
voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise (except to a designated beneficiary, upon death, by will or the laws of descent
or distribution or pursuant to Section 9.3(b) of the Plan) will vest in the assignee or transferee any interest or right herein whatsoever,
but immediately upon such assignment or transfer the Option will terminate and become of no further effect. 

7.
 Change in Control . 

7.1
 Acceleration of Vesting . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, in the event of a Change
in Control prior to the date that the Option is fully vested and exercisable, the Option shall become immediately vested and exercisable
with respect to 100 of the Shares in each remaining vesting tranche. To the extent practicable, such acceleration of vesting and exercisability
shall occur in a manner and at a time which allows the Participant the ability to participate in the Change in Control with respect to
the Shares of Common Stock received. 

7.2
 Cash Out . In the event of a Change in Control, the Committee may, in its discretion and upon at least ten (10) days advance
notice to the Participant, cancel the Option and pay to the Participant the value of the Option based upon the price per Share of Common
Stock received or to be received by other shareholders of the Company in the event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at the time of
a Change in Control the Exercise Price of the Option equals or exceeds the price paid for a Share of Common Stock in connection with
the Change in Control, the Committee may cancel the Option without the payment of consideration therefor. 

8.
 Adjustments . The Shares of Common Stock subject to the Option may be adjusted or terminated in any manner as contemplated by the
Plan. 

9.
 Tax Liability and Withholding . Notwithstanding any action the Company takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance,
payroll tax, or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items
is and remains the Participant s responsibility and the Company (a) makes no representation or undertakings regarding the treatment
of any Tax-Related Items in connection with the grant, vesting, or exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired
on exercise; and (b) does not commit to structure the Option to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related
Items. 

4 

10.
 Compliance with Law . The exercise of the Option and the issuance and transfer of Shares of Common Stock shall be subject to compliance
by the Company and the Participant with all applicable requirements of federal and state securities laws and with all applicable requirements
of any stock exchange on which the Company s Shares of Common Stock may be listed. No Shares of Common Stock shall be issued pursuant
to this Option unless and until any then applicable requirements of state or federal laws and regulatory agencies have been fully complied
with to the satisfaction of the Company and its counsel. The Participant understands that the Company is under no obligation to register
the Shares with the Securities and Exchange Commission, any state securities commission or any stock exchange to effect such compliance. 

11.
 Notices . Any notice required to be delivered to the Company under this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Secretary
of the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices. Any notice required to be delivered to the Participant under this
Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Participant at the Participant s address as shown in the records of the Company.
Either party may designate another address in writing (or by such other method approved by the Company) from time to time. 

12.
 Governing Law . This Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard
to conflict of law principles. 

13.
 Interpretation . Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the Participant or the Company
to the Committee for review. The resolution of such dispute by the Committee shall be final and binding on the Participant and the Company. 

14.
 Options Subject to Plan . This Agreement is subject to the Plan as approved by the Company s shareholders. The terms and
provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict
between any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the Plan will
govern and prevail. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in this Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, if the Plan is not approved
by the Company s stockholders within 12 months of the Board s initial adoption of the Plan, this Agreement will be deemed
to be outside the Plan and will otherwise remain in full force and effect. 

15.
 Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Agreement
will be binding upon the Participant and the Participant s beneficiaries, executors, administrators and the person(s) to whom this
Agreement may be transferred by will or the laws of descent or distribution. 

16.
 Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan or this Agreement shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, and each provision of the Plan and this Agreement shall be severable
and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 

17.
 Discretionary Nature of Plan . The Plan is discretionary and may be amended, cancelled or terminated by the Company at any time,
in its discretion. The grant of the Option in this Agreement does not create any contractual right or other right to receive any Options
or other Awards in the future. Future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. Any amendment, modification, or
termination of the Plan shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the Participant s employment
with the Company. 

5 

18.
 Amendment . The Committee has the right to amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or cancel the Option, prospectively or retroactively;
provided, that, no such amendment shall adversely affect the Participant s material rights under this Agreement without the Participant s
consent. 

19.
 No Impact on Other Benefits . The value of the Participant s Option is not part of his or her normal or expected compensation
for purposes of calculating any severance, retirement, welfare, insurance or similar employee benefit. 

20.
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together
will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by
electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial
appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. 

21.
 Acceptance . The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this Agreement. The Participant has read and
understands the terms and provisions thereof, and accepts the Option subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and this
Agreement. The Participant acknowledges that there may be adverse tax consequences upon exercise of the Option or disposition of the
underlying Shares and that the Participant should consult a tax advisor prior to such exercise or disposition. 

Signature
Page to Follow 

6 

Signature
Page to Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

BIORESTORATIVE
 THERAPIES, INC. 

By: 

Lance
 Alstodt 

President
 and CEO 

PARTICIPANT: 

Nickolay Kukekov 

7 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.33>
 9
 ex10-33.htm

Exhibit 10.33 

NON-QUALIFIED
STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT 
UNDER THE 
BIORESTORATIVE THERAPIES, INC. 
2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

This
Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into as of February 17, 2023 by
and between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), and Patrick Williams (the Participant ). 

Grant
 Date : 
 
 February
 17, 2023 
 
 Exercise
 Price per Share : 
 
 2.91 
 
 Number
 of Option Shares : 
 
 32,028 
 
 Expiration
 Date : 
 
 February
 17, 2033 

1.
 Grant of Option . 

1.1.
 Grant; Type of Option . The Company hereby grants to the Participant an option (the Option to purchase the
number of Shares of Common Stock of the Company equal to the number of Option Shares set forth above. The Option is being granted pursuant
to the terms of the BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Option is intended
to be a Non-Qualified Stock Option and not an Incentive Stock Option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 

1.2.
 Consideration; Subject to Plan . The grant of the Option is made in consideration of the services to be rendered by the Participant
to the Company and is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the
meanings given to them in the Plan. 

2.
 Exercise Period; Vesting . 

2.1
 Vesting Schedule . The Option will become vested and exercisable in twelve equal monthly installments (at a rate of 1/12 per month)
with the first installment vesting on the one-month anniversary of the Grant Date and continuing every month thereafter until fully vested. 

Upon
the Participant s Termination of Service for any reason, the unvested portion of the Option will be forfeited and will not be exercisable. 

2.2
 Expiration . The Option will expire on the Expiration Date set forth above, or earlier as provided in this Agreement or the Plan. 

3.
 Termination of Service . 

3.1
 Termination for Reasons Other Than Cause, Death, Disability . If the Participant has a Termination of Service for any reason other
than Cause, death or Disability, the Participant may exercise the vested portion of the Option, but only within such period of time ending
on the earlier of: (a) the date three months following the Participant s Termination of Service, or (b) the Expiration Date. 

1 

3.2
 Termination for Cause . If the Participant has a Termination of Service for Cause, the Option (whether vested or unvested) shall
immediately terminate and cease to be exercisable. 

3.3
 Termination due to Disability . If the Participant has a Termination of Service as a result of the Participant s Disability,
the Participant may exercise the vested portion of the Option, but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of: (a) the
date 12 months following the Participant s Termination of Service or (b) the Expiration Date. 

3.4
 Termination due to Death . If the Participant has a Termination of Service as a result of the Participant s death, the vested
portion of the Option may be exercised by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by
bequest or inheritance or by the person designated to exercise the Option upon the Participant s death, but only within the time
period ending on the earlier of: (a) the date 12 months following the Participant s Termination of Service, or (b) the Expiration
Date. 

4.
 Manner of Exercise . 

4.1
 Election to Exercise . To exercise the Option, the Participant (or in the case of exercise after the Participant s death
or incapacity, the Participant s executor, administrator, heir or legatee, as the case may be) must deliver to the Company an executed
stock option exercise agreement in such form as is approved by the Committee from time to time (the Exercise Agreement ),
which shall set forth, inter alia: 

(a)
the Participant s election to exercise the Option; 

(b)
the number of Shares of Common Stock being purchased; 

(c)
any restrictions imposed on the Shares; and 

(d)
any representations, warranties and agreements regarding the Participant s investment intent and access to information as may be
required by the Company to comply with applicable securities laws. 

If
someone other than the Participant exercises the Option, then such person must submit documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company
verifying that such person has the legal right to exercise the Option. 

4.2
 Payment of Exercise Price . The entire Exercise Price of the Option shall be payable in full at the time of exercise to the extent
permitted by applicable statutes and regulations, either: 

(a)
in cash or by certified or bank check at the time the Option is exercised; 

2 

(b)
by delivery to the Company of other Shares of Common Stock, duly endorsed for transfer to the Company, with a Fair Market Value on the
date of delivery equal to the Exercise Price (or portion thereof) due for the number of Shares being acquired, or by means of attestation
whereby the Participant identifies for delivery specific Shares that have a Fair Market Value on the date of attestation equal to the
Exercise Price (or portion thereof) and receives a number of Shares equal to the difference between the number of Shares thereby purchased
and the number of identified attestation Shares (a Stock for Stock Exchange ); 

(c)
through a cashless exercise program established with a broker; 

(d)
by reduction in the number of Shares otherwise deliverable upon exercise of such Option with a Fair Market Value equal to the aggregate
Exercise Price at the time of exercise; 

(e)
by any combination of the foregoing methods; or 

(f)
in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Committee. 

4.3
 Withholding . Prior to the issuance of Shares upon the exercise of the Option, the Participant must make arrangements satisfactory
to the Company to pay or provide for any applicable federal, state and local withholding obligations of the Company. The Participant
may satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to the exercise of the Option by any of the following means: 

 (a)
tendering a cash payment; 

(b)
authorizing the Company to withhold Shares of Common Stock from the Shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant as a
result of the exercise of the Option; provided, however, that no Shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the maximum
amount of tax required to be withheld by law; or 

(c)
delivering to the Company previously owned and unencumbered Shares of Common Stock. 

The
Company has the right to withhold from any compensation paid to the Participant. 

4.4
 Issuance of Shares . Provided that the Exercise Agreement and payment are in form and substance satisfactory to the Company, the
Company shall issue the Shares of Common Stock registered in the name of the Participant, the Participant s authorized assignee,
or the Participant s legal representative which shall be evidenced by stock certificates representing the Shares with the appropriate
legends affixed thereto, appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent, or other appropriate means
as determined by the Company. 

5.
 No Right to Continued Employment; No Rights as Shareholder . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant
any right to be retained in any position, as an Employee, Consultant or Director of the Company. Further, nothing in the Plan or this
Agreement shall be construed to limit the discretion of the Company to terminate the Participant s employment or service with the
Company at any time, with or without Cause. The Participant shall not have any rights as a shareholder with respect to any Shares of
Common Stock subject to the Option unless and until certificates representing the Shares have been issued by the Company to the holder
of such Shares, or the Shares have otherwise been recorded on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent as owned
by such holder. 

3 

6.
 Transferability . The Option is only transferable by will or the laws of descent and distribution or in accordance with the limited
conditions set forth in Section 9.3(b) of the Plan. No assignment or transfer of the Option, or the rights represented thereby, whether
voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise (except to a designated beneficiary, upon death, by will or the laws of descent
or distribution or pursuant to Section 9.3(b) of the Plan) will vest in the assignee or transferee any interest or right herein whatsoever,
but immediately upon such assignment or transfer the Option will terminate and become of no further effect. 

7.
 Change in Control . 

7.1
 Acceleration of Vesting . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, in the event of a Change
in Control prior to the date that the Option is fully vested and exercisable, the Option shall become immediately vested and exercisable
with respect to 100 of the Shares in each remaining vesting tranche. To the extent practicable, such acceleration of vesting and exercisability
shall occur in a manner and at a time which allows the Participant the ability to participate in the Change in Control with respect to
the Shares of Common Stock received. 

7.2
 Cash Out . In the event of a Change in Control, the Committee may, in its discretion and upon at least ten (10) days advance
notice to the Participant, cancel the Option and pay to the Participant the value of the Option based upon the price per Share of Common
Stock received or to be received by other shareholders of the Company in the event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at the time of
a Change in Control the Exercise Price of the Option equals or exceeds the price paid for a Share of Common Stock in connection with
the Change in Control, the Committee may cancel the Option without the payment of consideration therefor. 

8.
 Adjustments . The Shares of Common Stock subject to the Option may be adjusted or terminated in any manner as contemplated by the
Plan. 

9.
 Tax Liability and Withholding . Notwithstanding any action the Company takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance,
payroll tax, or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items
is and remains the Participant s responsibility and the Company (a) makes no representation or undertakings regarding the treatment
of any Tax-Related Items in connection with the grant, vesting, or exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired
on exercise; and (b) does not commit to structure the Option to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related
Items. 

4 

10.
 Compliance with Law . The exercise of the Option and the issuance and transfer of Shares of Common Stock shall be subject to compliance
by the Company and the Participant with all applicable requirements of federal and state securities laws and with all applicable requirements
of any stock exchange on which the Company s Shares of Common Stock may be listed. No Shares of Common Stock shall be issued pursuant
to this Option unless and until any then applicable requirements of state or federal laws and regulatory agencies have been fully complied
with to the satisfaction of the Company and its counsel. The Participant understands that the Company is under no obligation to register
the Shares with the Securities and Exchange Commission, any state securities commission or any stock exchange to effect such compliance. 

11.
 Notices . Any notice required to be delivered to the Company under this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Secretary
of the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices. Any notice required to be delivered to the Participant under this
Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Participant at the Participant s address as shown in the records of the Company.
Either party may designate another address in writing (or by such other method approved by the Company) from time to time. 

12.
 Governing Law . This Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard
to conflict of law principles. 

13.
 Interpretation . Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the Participant or the Company
to the Committee for review. The resolution of such dispute by the Committee shall be final and binding on the Participant and the Company. 

14.
 Options Subject to Plan . This Agreement is subject to the Plan as approved by the Company s shareholders. The terms and
provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict
between any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the Plan will
govern and prevail. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in this Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, if the Plan is not approved
by the Company s stockholders within 12 months of the Board s initial adoption of the Plan, this Agreement will be deemed
to be outside the Plan and will otherwise remain in full force and effect. 

15.
 Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Agreement
will be binding upon the Participant and the Participant s beneficiaries, executors, administrators and the person(s) to whom this
Agreement may be transferred by will or the laws of descent or distribution. 

16.
 Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan or this Agreement shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, and each provision of the Plan and this Agreement shall be severable
and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 

17.
 Discretionary Nature of Plan . The Plan is discretionary and may be amended, cancelled or terminated by the Company at any time,
in its discretion. The grant of the Option in this Agreement does not create any contractual right or other right to receive any Options
or other Awards in the future. Future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. Any amendment, modification, or
termination of the Plan shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the Participant s employment
with the Company. 

5 

18.
 Amendment . The Committee has the right to amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or cancel the Option, prospectively or retroactively;
provided, that, no such amendment shall adversely affect the Participant s material rights under this Agreement without the Participant s
consent. 

19.
 No Impact on Other Benefits . The value of the Participant s Option is not part of his or her normal or expected compensation
for purposes of calculating any severance, retirement, welfare, insurance or similar employee benefit. 

20.
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together
will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by
electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial
appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. 

21.
 Acceptance . The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this Agreement. The Participant has read and
understands the terms and provisions thereof, and accepts the Option subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and this
Agreement. The Participant acknowledges that there may be adverse tax consequences upon exercise of the Option or disposition of the
underlying Shares and that the Participant should consult a tax advisor prior to such exercise or disposition. 

Signature
Page to Follow 

6 

Signature
Page to Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

BIORESTORATIVE
 THERAPIES, INC. 

By: 

Lance
 Alstodt 

President
 and CEO 

PARTICIPANT: 

Patrick Williams 

7 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-10.34>
 10
 ex10-34.htm

Exhibit
10.34 

NON-QUALIFIED
STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT 
UNDER THE 
BIORESTORATIVE THERAPIES, INC. 
2021 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

This
Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into as of February 17, 2023 by
and between BioRestorative Therapies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), and David Rosa (the Participant ). 

Grant
 Date : 
 
 February
 17, 2023 
 
 Exercise
 Price per Share : 
 
 2.91 
 
 Number
 of Option Shares : 
 
 32,028 
 
 Expiration
 Date : 
 
 February
 17, 2033 

1.
 Grant of Option . 

1.1.
 Grant; Type of Option . The Company hereby grants to the Participant an option (the Option to purchase the
number of Shares of Common Stock of the Company equal to the number of Option Shares set forth above. The Option is being granted pursuant
to the terms of the BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Option is intended
to be a Non-Qualified Stock Option and not an Incentive Stock Option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 

1.2.
 Consideration; Subject to Plan . The grant of the Option is made in consideration of the services to be rendered by the Participant
to the Company and is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the
meanings given to them in the Plan. 

2.
 Exercise Period; Vesting . 

2.1
 Vesting Schedule . The Option will become vested and exercisable in twelve equal monthly installments (at a rate of 1/12 per month)
with the first installment vesting on the one-month anniversary of the Grant Date and continuing every month thereafter until fully vested. 

Upon
the Participant s Termination of Service for any reason, the unvested portion of the Option will be forfeited and will not be exercisable. 

2.2
 Expiration . The Option will expire on the Expiration Date set forth above, or earlier as provided in this Agreement or the Plan. 

3.
 Termination of Service . 

3.1
 Termination for Reasons Other Than Cause, Death, Disability . If the Participant has a Termination of Service for any reason other
than Cause, death or Disability, the Participant may exercise the vested portion of the Option, but only within such period of time ending
on the earlier of: (a) the date three months following the Participant s Termination of Service, or (b) the Expiration Date. 

1 

3.2
 Termination for Cause . If the Participant has a Termination of Service for Cause, the Option (whether vested or unvested) shall
immediately terminate and cease to be exercisable. 

3.3
 Termination due to Disability . If the Participant has a Termination of Service as a result of the Participant s Disability,
the Participant may exercise the vested portion of the Option, but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of: (a) the
date 12 months following the Participant s Termination of Service or (b) the Expiration Date. 

3.4
 Termination due to Death . If the Participant has a Termination of Service as a result of the Participant s death, the vested
portion of the Option may be exercised by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by
bequest or inheritance or by the person designated to exercise the Option upon the Participant s death, but only within the time
period ending on the earlier of: (a) the date 12 months following the Participant s Termination of Service, or (b) the Expiration
Date. 

4.
 Manner of Exercise . 

4.1
 Election to Exercise . To exercise the Option, the Participant (or in the case of exercise after the Participant s death
or incapacity, the Participant s executor, administrator, heir or legatee, as the case may be) must deliver to the Company an executed
stock option exercise agreement in such form as is approved by the Committee from time to time (the Exercise Agreement ),
which shall set forth, inter alia: 

(a)
the Participant s election to exercise the Option; 

(b)
the number of Shares of Common Stock being purchased; 

(c)
any restrictions imposed on the Shares; and 

(d)
any representations, warranties and agreements regarding the Participant s investment intent and access to information as may be
required by the Company to comply with applicable securities laws. 

If
someone other than the Participant exercises the Option, then such person must submit documentation reasonably acceptable to the Company
verifying that such person has the legal right to exercise the Option. 

4.2
 Payment of Exercise Price . The entire Exercise Price of the Option shall be payable in full at the time of exercise to the extent
permitted by applicable statutes and regulations, either: 

(a)
in cash or by certified or bank check at the time the Option is exercised; 

2 

(b)
by delivery to the Company of other Shares of Common Stock, duly endorsed for transfer to the Company, with a Fair Market Value on the
date of delivery equal to the Exercise Price (or portion thereof) due for the number of Shares being acquired, or by means of attestation
whereby the Participant identifies for delivery specific Shares that have a Fair Market Value on the date of attestation equal to the
Exercise Price (or portion thereof) and receives a number of Shares equal to the difference between the number of Shares thereby purchased
and the number of identified attestation Shares (a Stock for Stock Exchange ); 

(c)
through a cashless exercise program established with a broker; 

(d)
by reduction in the number of Shares otherwise deliverable upon exercise of such Option with a Fair Market Value equal to the aggregate
Exercise Price at the time of exercise; 

(e)
by any combination of the foregoing methods; or 

(f)
in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Committee. 

4.3
 Withholding . Prior to the issuance of Shares upon the exercise of the Option, the Participant must make arrangements satisfactory
to the Company to pay or provide for any applicable federal, state and local withholding obligations of the Company. The Participant
may satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to the exercise of the Option by any of the following means: 

(a)
tendering a cash payment; 

(b)
authorizing the Company to withhold Shares of Common Stock from the Shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant as a
result of the exercise of the Option; provided, however, that no Shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the maximum
amount of tax required to be withheld by law; or 

(c)
delivering to the Company previously owned and unencumbered Shares of Common Stock. 

The
Company has the right to withhold from any compensation paid to the Participant. 

4.4
 Issuance of Shares . Provided that the Exercise Agreement and payment are in form and substance satisfactory to the Company, the
Company shall issue the Shares of Common Stock registered in the name of the Participant, the Participant s authorized assignee,
or the Participant s legal representative which shall be evidenced by stock certificates representing the Shares with the appropriate
legends affixed thereto, appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent, or other appropriate means
as determined by the Company. 

3 

5.
 No Right to Continued Employment; No Rights as Shareholder . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant
any right to be retained in any position, as an Employee, Consultant or Director of the Company. Further, nothing in the Plan or this
Agreement shall be construed to limit the discretion of the Company to terminate the Participant s employment or service with the
Company at any time, with or without Cause. The Participant shall not have any rights as a shareholder with respect to any Shares of
Common Stock subject to the Option unless and until certificates representing the Shares have been issued by the Company to the holder
of such Shares, or the Shares have otherwise been recorded on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent as owned
by such holder. 

6.
 Transferability . The Option is only transferable by will or the laws of descent and distribution or in accordance with the limited
conditions set forth in Section 9.3(b) of the Plan. No assignment or transfer of the Option, or the rights represented thereby, whether
voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise (except to a designated beneficiary, upon death, by will or the laws of descent
or distribution or pursuant to Section 9.3(b) of the Plan) will vest in the assignee or transferee any interest or right herein whatsoever,
but immediately upon such assignment or transfer the Option will terminate and become of no further effect. 

7.
 Change in Control . 

7.1
 Acceleration of Vesting . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, in the event of a Change
in Control prior to the date that the Option is fully vested and exercisable, the Option shall become immediately vested and exercisable
with respect to 100 of the Shares in each remaining vesting tranche. To the extent practicable, such acceleration of vesting and exercisability
shall occur in a manner and at a time which allows the Participant the ability to participate in the Change in Control with respect to
the Shares of Common Stock received. 

7.2
 Cash Out . In the event of a Change in Control, the Committee may, in its discretion and upon at least ten (10) days advance
notice to the Participant, cancel the Option and pay to the Participant the value of the Option based upon the price per Share of Common
Stock received or to be received by other shareholders of the Company in the event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at the time of
a Change in Control the Exercise Price of the Option equals or exceeds the price paid for a Share of Common Stock in connection with
the Change in Control, the Committee may cancel the Option without the payment of consideration therefor. 

8.
 Adjustments . The Shares of Common Stock subject to the Option may be adjusted or terminated in any manner as contemplated by the
Plan. 

9.
 Tax Liability and Withholding . Notwithstanding any action the Company takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance,
payroll tax, or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items
is and remains the Participant s responsibility and the Company (a) makes no representation or undertakings regarding the treatment
of any Tax-Related Items in connection with the grant, vesting, or exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired
on exercise; and (b) does not commit to structure the Option to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related
Items. 

4 

10.
 Compliance with Law . The exercise of the Option and the issuance and transfer of Shares of Common Stock shall be subject to compliance
by the Company and the Participant with all applicable requirements of federal and state securities laws and with all applicable requirements
of any stock exchange on which the Company s Shares of Common Stock may be listed. No Shares of Common Stock shall be issued pursuant
to this Option unless and until any then applicable requirements of state or federal laws and regulatory agencies have been fully complied
with to the satisfaction of the Company and its counsel. The Participant understands that the Company is under no obligation to register
the Shares with the Securities and Exchange Commission, any state securities commission or any stock exchange to effect such compliance. 

11.
 Notices . Any notice required to be delivered to the Company under this Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Secretary
of the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices. Any notice required to be delivered to the Participant under this
Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to the Participant at the Participant s address as shown in the records of the Company.
Either party may designate another address in writing (or by such other method approved by the Company) from time to time. 

12.
 Governing Law . This Agreement will be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard
to conflict of law principles. 

13.
 Interpretation . Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the Participant or the Company
to the Committee for review. The resolution of such dispute by the Committee shall be final and binding on the Participant and the Company. 

14.
 Options Subject to Plan . This Agreement is subject to the Plan as approved by the Company s shareholders. The terms and
provisions of the Plan as it may be amended from time to time are hereby incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict
between any term or provision contained herein and a term or provision of the Plan, the applicable terms and provisions of the Plan will
govern and prevail. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in this Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, if the Plan is not approved
by the Company s stockholders within 12 months of the Board s initial adoption of the Plan, this Agreement will be deemed
to be outside the Plan and will otherwise remain in full force and effect. 

15.
 Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement. This Agreement will be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Agreement
will be binding upon the Participant and the Participant s beneficiaries, executors, administrators and the person(s) to whom this
Agreement may be transferred by will or the laws of descent or distribution. 

16.
 Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of the Plan or this Agreement shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, and each provision of the Plan and this Agreement shall be severable
and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 

17.
 Discretionary Nature of Plan . The Plan is discretionary and may be amended, cancelled or terminated by the Company at any time,
in its discretion. The grant of the Option in this Agreement does not create any contractual right or other right to receive any Options
or other Awards in the future. Future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company. Any amendment, modification, or
termination of the Plan shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the Participant s employment
with the Company. 

5 

18.
 Amendment . The Committee has the right to amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or cancel the Option, prospectively or retroactively;
provided, that, no such amendment shall adversely affect the Participant s material rights under this Agreement without the Participant s
consent. 

19.
 No Impact on Other Benefits . The value of the Participant s Option is not part of his or her normal or expected compensation
for purposes of calculating any severance, retirement, welfare, insurance or similar employee benefit. 

20.
 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together
will constitute one and the same instrument. Counterpart signature pages to this Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by
electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf), or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial
appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. 

21.
 Acceptance . The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and this Agreement. The Participant has read and
understands the terms and provisions thereof, and accepts the Option subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and this
Agreement. The Participant acknowledges that there may be adverse tax consequences upon exercise of the Option or disposition of the
underlying Shares and that the Participant should consult a tax advisor prior to such exercise or disposition. 

Signature
Page to Follow 

6 

Signature
Page to Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

BIORESTORATIVE THERAPIES, INC. 

By: 

Lance
 Alstodt 

President
 and CEO 

PARTICIPANT: 

David Rosa 

7 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. on Forms S-8
(Nos. 333-255681, 333-196299, 333-203310, 333-210555, 333-214621, 333-228434 and 333-233309) and S-3 (Nos. 333-269631 and 333-265052)
of our report dated March 30, 2022, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of BioRestorative Therapies, Inc.
and Subsidiary as of December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2021, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K of BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. We were dismissed as auditors on September
13, 2022 and, accordingly, we have not performed any audit or review procedures with respect to any financial statements incorporated
by reference for the periods after the date of our dismissal. 

/s/
Friedman LLP 

Friedman
 llp 

 Marlton,
New Jersey 

 March
24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 12
 ex23-2.htm

Exhibit
23.2 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. on Forms S-3
(Nos. 333-269631, and 333-265052 and S-8 (Nos. 333-255681, 333-196299,
333-203310, 333-210555, 333-214621, 333-228434 and 333-233309 ), of our report dated March 24, 2023, with respect to our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. and Subsidiary as of December 31, 2022 and for the year ended
December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

Marcum
 llp 

 Marlton,
New Jersey 

 March
24, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 13
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

SECTION
302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I,
Lance Alstodt, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report. 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting. 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Lance
 Alstodt 
 
 Date:
 March 24, 2023 
 
 Lance Alstodt 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 14
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

SECTION
302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I,
Robert Kristal, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report. 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
 disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
 and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting. 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Robert Kristal 
 
 Date:
March 24, 2023 
 
 Robert
Kristal 

Principal
Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 15
 ex-32.htm

Exhibit
32 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT
TO 

18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officers of BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. (the Company hereby certify that
the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Lance
 Alstodt 
 
 Date:
March 24, 2023 
 
 Lance
Alstodt 

Principal
Executive Officer 

/s/ Robert
 Kristal 

Robert
Kristal 

Principal
Financial Officer 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as
a separate disclosure document. 

Exhibit
32 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT
TO 

18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officers of BioRestorative Therapies, Inc. (the Company hereby certify that
the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Lance
 Alstodt 
 
 Date:
March 24, 2023 
 
 Lance
Alstodt 

Principal
Executive Officer 

/s/ Robert
 Kristal 

Robert
Kristal 

Principal
Financial Officer 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as
a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 21
 brtx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 23
 brtx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 24
 brtx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 25
 brtx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

