<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_1111335_0001111335-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17159205</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>408417</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2773619</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5864263</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4215550</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3586371</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001111335-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216071145
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001111335-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		141
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VISTEON CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001111335
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		IRS NUMBER:				383519512
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15827
		FILM NUMBER:		23637115

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE VILLAGE CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			VAN BUREN TOWNSHIP
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-847-8366

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE VILLAGE CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			VAN BUREN TOWNSHIP
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48111

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001111335-23-000009.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 vc-20221231.htm
 10-K

vc-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 State of (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: )- 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on which Registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer, "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately billion. 
 As of February 9, 2023, the registrant had outstanding shares of common stock. 
 
 1 

Visteon Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Index 
 Part I 
 Page Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 15 
 Item 2. Properties 
 15 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 15 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 15 
 Item 4A. Executive Officers 
 16 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 18 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 19 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 36 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 83 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 83 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 83 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 83 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 84 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 84 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 84 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 85 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 87 
 Signatures 
 89 
 
 2 

Part I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Description of Business 
 
 Visteon Corporation (the "Company" or "Visteon") is a global automotive technology company serving the mobility industry, dedicated to creating more enjoyable, connected, and safe driving experiences. The Company's platforms leverage proven, scalable hardware and software solutions that enable the digital, electric, and autonomous evolution of the Company's global automotive customers, including BMW, Ford, Geely, General Motors, Honda, Jaguar/Land Rover, Mahindra, Mazda, Mercedes-Benz, Mitsubishi, Nissan, Renault, Stellantis, Tata, Toyota, and Volkswagen. Visteon products align with key industry trends and include digital instrument clusters, domain controllers with integrated advanced driver assistance systems ("ADAS"), displays, Android-based infotainment systems, and battery management systems. Visteon is headquartered in Van Buren Township, Michigan, and has an international network of manufacturing operations, technical centers, and joint venture operations dedicated to the design, development, manufacture, and support of its product offerings and its global customers. The Company's manufacturing and engineering footprint is primarily located in Brazil, China, India, Japan, Mexico, Portugal, and Slovakia. 
 
 The Company s Industry 
 The Company operates in the automotive industry which is cyclical and highly sensitive to general economic conditions. The Company believes that future success in the automotive industry is, in part, dependent on alignment with customers to support their efforts to effectively meet the challenges associated with the following significant trends and developments in the global automotive industry: 
 Electronic content and connectivity - The electronic content of vehicles continues to increase due to various regulatory requirements and consumer demand for increased vehicle performance and functionality. The use of electronic components can reduce weight, expedite assembly, enhance fuel economy, improve emissions, increase safety, and enhance vehicle performance. These benefits coincide with vehicles becoming more electric, connected, and automated. Additionally, digital and portable technologies have dramatically influenced the lifestyle of today s consumers, who expect products that enable such a lifestyle. Consequently, the vehicle cockpit is transforming into a fully digital and connected environment with multi-display systems incorporating larger, curved, and more complex displays and the consolidation of discrete electronic control units into a multi-core domain controller. 
 Electric vehicles The trend towards electrification continues to accelerate, driven by government incentives and standards, announced restrictions of internal combustion engine vehicles in multiple cities and countries, and the significant increase of investment in electrification by Original Equipment Manufacturers ("OEMs"). The shift to electric vehicles increases the digital content of a vehicle as the majority of cockpit electronics will be all-digital to support the new electrical architecture. In addition, all battery electric vehicles will require a battery management system to manage the rechargeable battery pack. 
 Advanced driver assistance systems and autonomous driving - The industry continues to advance toward semi-autonomous and autonomous vehicles. The Society of Automotive Engineers has defined five levels of autonomy ranging from levels one and two with driver-assist functions whereby the driver is responsible for monitoring the environment, to level five with full autonomy under all conditions. Levels one and two are already popular in the market. Levels three and above utilize a combination of sensors, radars, cameras and LiDARs, requiring sensor fusion and machine learning technologies, as the system assumes the role of monitoring the environment. Level three includes features such as highway pilot and parking assist technology, for which an increased market penetration rate is expected over the next several years. 
 Safety and security - Governments continue to focus regulatory efforts on safer transportation. Accordingly, OEMs are working to improve occupant and pedestrian safety by incorporating more safety-oriented technology in their vehicles. Additionally, in-vehicle connectivity has increased the need for robust cybersecurity systems to protect data, applications, and associated infrastructure. Security features are evolving with advances in sensors and suppliers must enable the security/safety initiatives of their customers including the development of such new advances. 
 
 Vehicle standardization - OEMs continue to standardize vehicle platforms on a global basis, resulting in a lower number of individual vehicle platforms, design cost savings, and further scale of economies through the production of a greater number of models from each platform. Having operations in the geographic markets in which OEMs produce global platforms enables suppliers to meet OEMs needs more economically and efficiently, thus making global coverage a source 
 3 

of significant competitive advantage for suppliers with a diversified global footprint. Additionally, OEMs are looking to suppliers for increased collaboration to lower costs, reduce risks, and decrease overall time to market. Suppliers that can provide fully engineered systems and pre-assembled combinations of component parts are positioned to leverage the trend toward system sourcing. As vehicles become more connected and cockpits more digitized, suppliers that can deliver modular hardware architectures, open software architectures, and a software platform approach will be poised to help OEMs achieve greater reuse of validated hardware circuitry, design scalability, and faster development cycles. 
 The Company's Segment 
 The Company s reportable segment is Electronics. The Electronics segment provides vehicle cockpit electronics products to customers, including digital instrument clusters, domain controllers with integrated advanced driver assistance systems ("ADAS"), displays, Android-based infotainment systems, and battery management systems. As the Company has one reportable segment, net sales, total assets, depreciation, amortization and capital expenditures are equal to consolidated results. 
 
 The Company s Products 
 The Company designs and manufactures innovative automotive electronics and connected car solutions further described below: 
 
 Instrument Clusters 
 The Company offers a full line of instrument clusters, from standard analog gauge clusters to high-resolution, all-digital, fully reconfigurable, 2-D and 3-D display-based devices. The Company uses a platform approach to accelerate development and manage multiple vehicle variants. These clusters can use a wide range of display technologies, graphic capabilities, decorative elements, and free-form and curved displays. Premium clusters support complex graphics and feature embedded functionality such as driver monitoring, camera inputs, and ambient lighting. 
 Information Displays 
 The Company offers a range of information displays for various applications within the cockpit, incorporating a sleek profile, high perception quality displays and touch sensors designed to deliver high performance for the automotive market. These displays can integrate a range of user interface technologies and graphics management capabilities, such as active privacy, TrueColor TM enhancement, local dimming, cameras, optics, haptic feedback, and light effects. The Company offers a new generation of large, curved, complex multi-display modules with optical performance designed to be competitive with mobile devices. The Company's microZone display technology offers high contrast and brightness and a wide color gamut that enables automotive displays to cost-effectively achieve life-like imaging capability on par with consumer mobile devices, without sacrificing reliability or life span. The Company also developed the first bendable glass multi-display cockpit in the automotive industry. 
 
 Audio and Infotainment Systems 
 The Company offers a range of infotainment and connected car solutions, including scalable Android infotainment for seamless connectivity including integration with Android Auto and Apple CarPlay technology for wireless smartphone projection. The company offers a display audio and embedded infotainment platform that is based on Android automotive operating system, enabling third-party developers to create apps easily through a software development kit and software simulation of the target hardware system. Additionally, Visteon offers an onboard artificial intelligence ("AI")-based voice assistant with natural language understanding. 
 
 Battery Management Systems BMS 
 
 The Company offers configurable battery management systems that support both wired and wireless battery sensing and control. Visteon s wireless BMS reliably and securely replaces wired communication between battery modules to improve the lifetime enterprise cost, battery weight, and packaging efficiency, and facilitates second-life battery repurposing. By providing a platform approach that can support multiple charging protocols and flexible battery pack architectures, Visteon provides a robust design-to-production strategy that enables advanced features that are fast-to-market. 
 
 High-Voltage Power Electronics 
 
 The Company offers integrated and scalable power electronics units that support conversion of grid-to-battery pack electric current. Visteon s integrated power electronics solutions combine a bi-directional on-board charging module with a DC-to-DC 
 4 

converter to ensure a systems approach that maximizes power conversion efficiency. Visteon s solution is scalable to support between 400-volt to 800-volt systems with higher rate battery charging speeds. Visteon s design provides a solution that allows for fast-charging and high-efficiency in a packaging that reduces weight and space to improve overall system cost. 
 
 Telematics Solutions 
 The Company provides a cost-optimized, high-speed telematics control unit to enable secure connected car services, software updates, and data. The Company s telematics solution uses a single hardware and flexible software architecture to support regional telematics service providers and mobile networks. The Company s wireless gateway platform is designed to meet future connectivity requirements. 
 SmartCore Cockpit Domain Controller 
 The Company offers SmartCore , an automotive-grade, integrated domain controller approach, which can independently operate the infotainment system, instrument cluster, head-up display, rear-seat displays, and other features on a single, multi-core chip to improve efficiency, create a unified experience across products, and reduce power consumption and cost. The SmartCore domain controller includes: SmartCore Runtime, middleware enabling communication between domains and apps to be shown on any display; and SmartCore Studio, a PC-based configuration tool to generate hypervisor configurations. The SmartCore domain controller seamlessly connects the human machine interaction ("HMI") across an increasing number of display domains, such as surround view and in-cabin sensing of driver drowsiness, attentiveness, and facial recognition. The latest generation of SmartCore utilizes high performance computing technology and integrates processing of multiple camera inputs to deliver a set of advance driver assistance features. The latest generation of SmartCore is offered with a suite of connected services including over the air update solution and Automotive App Store. 
 Body Domain Controller 
 The Company offers a range of body domain modules which integrate several functions such as central gateway, body controls, comfort, and vehicle access solutions into one device. This computing module allows Visteon's customers to implement in-house applications software into body controls for brand and market differentiation. 
 
 The Company s Customers 
 The Company's ultimate customers are global vehicle manufacturers including BMW, Ford, Geely, General Motors, Honda, Jaguar/Land Rover, Mahindra, Mazda, Mercedes-Benz, Mitsubishi, Nissan, Renault, Stellantis, Tata, Toyota, and Volkswagen. 
 The following is a summary of customers representing greater than 10 percent of the Company's annual net sales: 
 Percentage of Total Net Sales December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Ford 22 22 22 
 
 The Company typically supplies products to OEM customers through purchase orders, which are usually governed by general terms and conditions established by each OEM. Although the terms and conditions vary from customer to customer, they typically contemplate a relationship under which customers place orders for their requirements of specific components supplied for particular vehicles but are not required to purchase any minimum quantities. Individual purchase orders can be cancelled for cause, non-performance, and, in most cases, insolvency or certain change in control events. Additionally, many of Visteon's OEM customers have the option to terminate contracts for convenience; this option permits the OEM customers to impose pressure on pricing during the life of the vehicle program or issue purchase orders for less than the duration of the vehicle program. This has the potential to reduce the Company s profit margin and increases the risk of loss of future sales under those purchase contracts. 
 
 The Company manufactures and ships based on customer release schedules, normally provided on a weekly basis, which can vary based on OEM automotive production or dealer inventory levels. Although customer programs typically extend to future periods and although there is an expectation that the Company will supply certain levels of OEM production in those future periods, customer agreements (including the applicable terms and conditions) do not necessarily constitute firm orders. 
 
 The price related to these products are typically initially negotiated on an annual basis over the vehicle platform's life cycle. To the extent there are subsequent contractual price reductions, these reductions are intended to reflect the Company's ability to 
 5 

reduce cost through such factors as manufacturing productivity enhancements, material cost reductions, and design-related cost improvements. Certain products may be excluded from such reductions or experience price increases due to shortages of material or other increases in supply chain or other related costs. The Company has an aggressive cost control program that focuses on reducing its total costs intended to offset customer price reductions or negotiating recoveries for increases. However, there can be no assurance that the Company s cost reduction or recovery efforts will be sufficient to fully offset such price changes. 
 
 The terms and conditions generally require a warranty on products sold. In most cases, the warranty period is the same as the warranty offered by the OEM to the ultimate customer. The Company may also be required to share in all or part of recall costs if the OEM recalls vehicles for defects attributable to Visteon products. 
 
 The Company s Competition 
 The automotive sector continues to remain highly competitive resulting from the ongoing industry consolidation. OEMs rigorously evaluate suppliers on the basis of financial viability, product quality, price competitiveness, technical expertise, development capability, new product innovation, reliability and timeliness of delivery, product design, manufacturing capability, flexibility, customer service, and overall management. The Company's primary independent competitors include, but are not limited to, Alpine Electronics, Aptiv PLC, Continental AG, Denso Corporation, Forvia, Harman International Industries, Incorporated (a subsidiary of Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd.), Hitachi Ltd., Hyundai Mobis, Innolux Corporation, Marelli Holdings Co., Ltd., Nippon Seiki, Panasonic Corporation, Preh GmbH, Robert Bosch GmbH, and Vitesco Technologies. 
 The Company s Business Seasonality and Cyclicality 
 
 Historically, the Company s business has been moderately seasonal because its largest North American customers typically cease production for approximately two weeks in July for model year changeovers and approximately one week in December during the winter holidays. Customers in Europe historically shut down vehicle production during a portion of August and one week in December. In China, customers typically shut down approximately one week in early October and one week in January or February. Additionally, third-quarter automotive production is traditionally lower as new vehicle models enter production. However, starting in 2020, the standard cyclicality of the business was altered due to the global COVID-19 pandemic and associated supply chain challenges creating rolling shutdowns amongst multiple customer production facilities. 
 
 Environmental, Social, and Governance 
 
 Attract and Retain 
 
 The Company s ability to sustain and grow its business requires the recruitment, retention, and development of a highly skilled and diverse workforce. The Company s Chief People Officer, reporting directly to Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), oversees its global talent processes to attract, develop, and retain its employees. To attract the best talent, the Company offers market competitive compensation and benefits around the globe, annual and long-term incentive programs, and health and wellness benefits. The Company also provides a variety of resources to help its employees grow in their current roles and build new skills. Hundreds of online courses are available in the Company s learning management system where individual development is emphasized as part of the annual goal setting process. The Company continues to build tools to be used by leaders to develop employees in their current role and create new opportunities within the organization to learn and grow. Because retention of the employee base is significant to its business strategy, executive management discusses it with the Board of Directors on a regular basis. 
 
 Workforce 
 
 Visteon s strength comes from a workforce of approximately 10,000 employees operating in approximately 18 countries globally. The Company's workforce is globally distributed with 29 of employees located in the Americas, 31 in Europe, 14 in China, and 26 in the Asia Pacific region. Visteon believes that all employees are leaders and expects leaders to drive operational and financial results and build strong teams. 
 
 Many of the Company s employees are members of industrial trade unions and confederations within their respective countries. Often these organizations operate under collectively bargained contracts that are not specific to any one employer. The Company constantly works to establish and maintain positive, cooperative relations with its unions and work representatives around the world. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 6 

Diversity represents an environment where the contributions of all employees are encouraged and valued. As a global organization, the Company embraces human differences and harnesses the power of its employees varied backgrounds, cultures, and experiences because it is the right thing to do for its people and it creates a competitive business advantage. As of December 31, 2022, the percentage of Visteon's global workforce represented by females was approximately 39 . 
 
 The Company encourages many forms of communication such as global town hall employee meetings, informal small-group employee discussions, and an open-door policy so all employees have direct access to senior leadership and have the opportunity to ask questions, make suggestions, and provide input. As stated in one of the Company's four core beliefs and values, We treat each other with respect and embrace our differences. 
 
 Workplace Safety 
 
 The Company requires protective equipment, enforces comprehensive safety policies and procedures, and encourages its employees and leaders to continually look for ways to improve workplace safety. It has implemented and maintains a health and safety management system that is certified to the OHSAS 18001 or ISO 45001 standard. The Company provides regular health and safety reports to the Board of Directors including updates on the return to work health and safety protocols globally as a result of COVID-19. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 Visteon operates in a constantly evolving global regulatory environment and is subject to numerous and varying regulatory requirements for its product performance and material content. Visteon strives to identify potential regulatory and quality risks early in the design and development process and proactively manage them throughout the product lifecycle through the use of routine assessments, protocols, standards, performance measures, and audits. New regulations and changes to existing regulations are managed in collaboration with the OEM customers and implemented through Visteon s global systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations. 
 
 Visteon works collaboratively with a number of stakeholder groups including government agencies, customers, and suppliers to proactively engage in federal, state, and international public policy processes. 
 
 Environmental, Health, Safety, and Legal Matters 
 
 Visteon is involved in various lawsuits, claims and proceedings related to the operation of its businesses, including those pertaining to product liability, environmental, safety and health, intellectual property, employment, commercial and contractual matters, tax, and various other matters. Although the outcome of such lawsuits, claims and proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty and some may be disposed of unfavorably to Visteon, it is management's opinion that none of these will have a material adverse effect on Visteon's financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Costs related to such matters were not material to the periods presented. Further details are provided in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in Note 18, "Commitments and Contingencies," of the notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Board Oversight of Environmental, Social, and Governance Practices 
 
 The Company and its Board of Directors believe positive environmental, social, and governance-related business practices strengthens the Company, increases its connection with the stockholders, and helps it to better serve its customers and the communities in which it operates. The Company s commitment to social responsibility extends to the environment, anti-corruption and trade compliance, responsible sourcing, human rights, labor practices, and worker health and safety. In light of the continued importance of these matters, the Board of Directors and management have developed a multi-year road map to enhance the Company s environmental, social and governance-related programs and disclosures, including assessment of the potential risks associated with climate change. This road map includes near-term environmental targets for 2025 aimed at reducing energy consumption, solid waste, water and the reduction of scope 1 and scope 2 CO 2 emissions through the use of renewable energy. The Company has also submitted its longer term greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reduction target for 2030 which includes scope 3 CO 2 emissions to the science based targets initiative (SBTi) for validation. Management provides regular reports and presentations to the Corporate Sustainability and Governance Committee regarding progress toward achieving these targets, and the full Board of Directors has oversight of the Company s environmental and social initiatives as part of its strategic review of the Company s operations, products and technologies. 
 
 The Company s Product Research and Development 
 
 7 

The Company s research and development efforts are intended to maintain leadership positions in core products and provide the Company with a competitive edge as it seeks additional business with new and existing customers. The Company also works with technology development partners, including customers, to develop technological capabilities and new products and applications. 
 
 The Company s Intellectual Property 
 
 The Company owns significant intellectual property, including a number of patents, copyrights, proprietary tools and technologies, trade secrets, and numerous licensing arrangements. Although the Company s intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining its competitive position, no single patent, copyright, proprietary tool or technology, trade secret or license, or group of related patents, copyrights, proprietary tools or technologies, trade secrets or licenses is of such value to the Company that its business would be materially affected by the expiration or termination thereof. The Company s general policy is to apply for patents on an ongoing basis, in appropriate countries, on its patentable developments that are considered to have commercial significance. The Company also views its name and mark as significant to its business as a whole. In addition, the Company holds rights in a number of other trade names and marks applicable to certain of its businesses and products that it views as important to such businesses and products. 
 
 The Company s International Operations 
 
 Financial information about sales and net property by major geographic region can be found in Note 19, "Revenue recognition and Geographical Information" to the Company's consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 The Company s Raw Materials and Suppliers 
 
 Raw materials used by the Company in the manufacture of its products include electronics components, resins, and precious metals. While generally the supply of the materials used are available from numerous sources, semiconductor suppliers and silicon wafer production is concentrated. In general, the Company does not carry inventories of raw materials in excess of those reasonably required to meet production, shipping schedules, and customer safety stock requirements. The Company monitors its supply base and endeavors to work with suppliers and customers to mitigate the impact of potential material shortages and supply disruptions. 
 
 The Company, along with automotive companies around the world, has experienced a shortage in semiconductors as a result of suppliers inability to rapidly reallocate production to serve the automotive industry during a time of increased demand. The Company's semiconductor suppliers, along with most automotive component supply companies that use semiconductors, have been unable to fully meet the vehicle production demands of its customers due to events which are outside the Company's control, including but not limited to, the COVID-19 pandemic, the global semiconductor shortage, and other extraordinary events. The Company is working closely with suppliers and customers to attempt to minimize potential adverse impacts of these events. 
 
 The automotive supply industry is subject to inflationary pressures with respect to raw materials, labor, and associated freight costs, which can place operational and financial burdens on the entire supply chain. Accordingly, the Company continues to take actions with its customers and suppliers to mitigate the impact of these inflationary pressures in the future. Actions to mitigate inflationary pressures with customers include collaboration on alternative product designs and material specifications, contractual price escalation clauses, and negotiated customer recoveries. Actions to mitigate inflationary pressures with suppliers include aggregation of purchase requirements to achieve optimal volume benefits, negotiation of cost reductions, and identification of more cost competitive suppliers. While these actions are designed to offset the impact of inflationary pressures, the Company cannot provide assurance that it will be successful in fully offsetting increased costs resulting from inflationary pressures. 
 8 

The Company s Website and Access to Available Information 
 The Company s current and periodic reports filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including amendments to those reports, may be obtained through its internet website at www.visteon.com free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company files these reports with the SEC. A copy of the Company s code of business conduct and ethics for directors, officers and employees of Visteon and its subsidiaries, entitled Ethics and Integrity Policy, the Corporate Governance Guidelines adopted by the Company s Board of Directors and the charters of each committee of the Board of Directors are also available on the Company s website. A printed copy of the Company s Ethics and Integrity Policy may be requested by contacting the Company s Investor Relations department in writing at One Village Center Drive, Van Buren Township, MI 48111; by phone (734) 710-7893; or via email at investor@visteon.com. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Set forth below are certain risks and uncertainties facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties, including those not presently known or that the Company believes to be immaterial, also may adversely affect the Company. Should any such risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, these developments could have material adverse effects on the Company s business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flow. 
 
 Operations Related Risk Factors 
 
 The Company could be negatively impacted by shortages in deliveries from its supply base, other supplier distress, or suppliers demanding price increases 
 
 In an effort to manage and reduce the costs of purchased goods and services, the Company, like many automotive suppliers and automakers, has been consolidating its supply base. As a result, the Company is dependent on single or limited sources of supply for certain components used in the manufacture of its products including semiconductor chips, which are integral components of new vehicles and are embedded in multiple vehicle systems including automotive and cockpit electronics. In 2022, the Company continued to experience semiconductor shortages and once again expects such shortages to persist in 2023. If such shortages of semiconductors or other critical components from other suppliers continue longer than anticipated, or worsen, it could impact the Company's ability to meet its production schedules for some of its key products or to ship such products to its customers in a timely fashion. Furthermore, unfavorable economic or industry conditions could result in financial distress within the Company's supply base, thereby increasing the risk of supply disruption. 
 
 Such disruptions could be caused by any one of a myriad of potential problems, such as closures of one of the Company s or its suppliers plants or critical manufacturing lines due to strikes, manufacturing quality issues, mechanical breakdowns, electrical outages, fires, explosions, or political upheaval, as well as logistical complications due to weather, global climate change, volcanic eruptions, or other natural or nuclear disasters, mechanical failures, delayed customs processing, the spread of an infectious disease, virus or other widespread illness and more. Additionally, as the Company grows in best cost countries, the risk for such disruptions is heightened. Similarly, a potential quality issue could force the Company to halt deliveries while it validates the products. Even where products are ready to be shipped, or have been shipped, delays may arise before they reach the customer. The Company s customers may halt or delay production for the same reason if one of their other suppliers fails to deliver necessary components. This may cause the Company s customers, in turn to suspend their orders, or instruct us to suspend delivery of Visteon's products, which may adversely affect the Company's financial performance. 
 
 The Company continues to work closely with its suppliers and customers to minimize any potential adverse impacts of the semiconductor supply shortage and monitor the availability of semiconductor microchips and other component parts and raw materials, customer vehicle production schedules, and any other supply chain inefficiencies that may arise, due to this or any other issue. However, if the Company is not able to mitigate the semiconductor shortage impact, any direct or indirect supply chain disruptions may have a material adverse impact on its business, operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 
 If the Company were to fail to make timely deliveries in accordance with contractual obligations, the Company generally must absorb its own costs for identifying and solving the root cause problem as well as expeditiously producing replacement components or products. Generally, the Company must also absorb the costs associated with catching up, such as overtime and premium freight. Additionally, if the Company is the cause for a customer being forced to halt production the customer may seek to recoup all of its losses and expenses from the Company. Certain customers have communicated that they expect such reimbursement and are reserving their rights to claim damages arising from supply shortages. The Company believes it has a number of legal defenses to such claims and intends to defend any potential claims vigorously. Should the company be unsuccessful in their defense, these losses and expenses could be significant, and may include consequential losses such as lost profits. Any supply-chain disruption, however small, could cause the complete shutdown of an assembly line of one of the Company s customers, and any such shutdown could lead to material claims for compensation. 
 9 

The Company has experienced and may in the future experience supplier price increases that could negatively affect its operations and profitability. The price increases are often driven by raw material pricing and availability, component or part availability, manufacturing capacity, industry allocations, logistics capacity, natural disasters or pandemics, the effects of climate change, inflation, and significant changes in the financial or business condition of its suppliers 
 
 The Company s business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flows have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic poses the risk that the Company or its affiliates and joint ventures, employees, suppliers, customers, and others may be restricted or prevented from conducting business activities for indefinite or intermittent periods of time, including as a result of employee health and safety concerns, shutdowns, shelter in place orders, travel restrictions, and other actions and restrictions that may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities. In addition, the Company has experienced, and may continue to experience, disruptions or delays in the supply chain as a result of such actions, which is likely to result in higher supply chain costs to us in order to maintain the supply of materials and components for Visteon's products. The Company cannot predict the degree to which, or the period over which, its financial condition and operations will be affected by this pandemic and related safety measures, the effects of which could have a material adverse impact on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The Company s substantial international operations make it vulnerable to risks associated with doing business in foreign countries 
 
 The Company has manufacturing and distribution facilities in many foreign locations. International operations are subject to certain risks inherent in doing business abroad, including, but not limited to: 
 changes to international trade agreements; 
 local economic conditions, expropriation and nationalization, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, and currency controls; 
 withholding, border, and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries; 
 investment restrictions or requirements; 
 export and import restrictions, including increases in border tariffs; 
 the ability to effectively enforce intellectual property rights; 
 new or additional governmental sanctions on doing business with or in certain countries or with certain persons; and 
 increases in working capital requirements related to long supply chains. 
 
 Additionally, the Company s global operations may also be adversely affected by political events, domestic or international terrorist events, and hostilities or complications due to natural or other disasters. These or any further political or governmental developments or health concerns in Mexico, China, or other countries in which the Company operates or where its suppliers are located could result in social, economic, and labor instability. These uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on the continuity of the Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Trade negotiations between the U.S. and Chinese governments, and between the U.S. and European governments, remain ongoing. However, given the uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of existing tariffs, as well as the potential for additional tariffs or trade barriers by or between the U.S., China, or other countries, the Company can provide no assurance that any strategies we implement to mitigate the impact of such tariffs or other trade actions will be successful. 
 
 The Company has invested significantly and is expected to continue to invest significantly in joint ventures with other parties to conduct business in China and elsewhere in Asia. These investments may include manufacturing operations, technical centers, and research and development activities, to support anticipated growth in the region. If the Company is not able to strengthen existing relationships, secure additional customers, and develop market-relevant electrification, advanced driver assistance, and semi-autonomous and autonomous vehicle technologies, it may fail to realize expected rates of return on these investments. 
 
 In addition, failure of the Company s joint venture partners to comply with contractual commitments or to exert influence or pressure in China may impact the Company s operations, financial condition and cash flow. For example, as previously disclosed, during the second quarter of 2022, the Company recorded a settlement charge related to a contract dispute with a joint venture partner in China and during the fourth quarter of 2022 the Company incurred approximately 19 million of program management costs and other charges with that joint venture partner. Although those disputes were resolved, the Company cannot predict the outcome of future interactions and it is possible that any future disputes and/or changes to the contractual obligations with the joint venture partner could have a material impact on the Company s business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flow. 
 
 10 

The Company s ability to effectively operate could be hindered if it fails to attract and retain key personnel 
 
 The Company s ability to operate its business and implement its strategies effectively depends, in part, on the efforts of its executive officers and other key employees. In addition, the Company s future success will depend on, among other factors, the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, particularly engineers and other employees with critical expertise and skills that support key customers and products or in emerging regions. The loss of the services of any key employees, and particularly the Company s Chief Executive Officer, or the failure to attract or retain other qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, ability to secure future programs, operating results, financial condition, and cashflow. 
 
 Work stoppages and similar events could significantly disrupt the Company s business 
 
 Because the automotive industry relies heavily on just-in-time delivery of components during the assembly and manufacture of vehicles, a work stoppage at one or more of the Company s manufacturing and assembly facilities could have material adverse effects on the business. Similarly, if one or more of the Company s customers were to experience a work stoppage, that customer would likely halt or limit purchases of the Company s products, which could result in the shutdown of the related manufacturing facilities. A significant disruption in the supply of a key component due to a work stoppage at any of the Company s suppliers or subsuppliers could have the same consequences, and accordingly, have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flow. 
 
 Industry and Competition Related Risk Factors 
 
 The Company may not realize sales represented by awarded business 
 
 The Company estimates awarded business using certain assumptions, including projected future sales volumes based on data from OEM customers and industry benchmarks. The OEM customers generally do not guarantee production volumes. In addition, awarded business may include business under arrangements that OEM customers have the right to terminate, at any time, without penalty. Therefore, the Company s actual sales volumes, and thus the ultimate amount of revenue that it derives from such sales, are not guaranteed. If actual production orders from its customers are not consistent with the projections used by the Company in calculating the amount of its awarded business, the Company could realize substantially less revenue over the life of these projects than the projected estimate. 
 
 The Company must continue to develop, introduce, and achieve market acceptance of new and enhanced products in order to grow its sales in the future 
 
 The growth of the Company's business will be dependent on the demand for innovative automotive electronics products, including but not limited to electrification, advanced driver assistance, semi-autonomous and autonomous vehicle technologies. In order to increase sales in current markets and gain entry into new markets, the Company must innovate to maintain and improve existing products, including software, while successfully developing and introducing distinctive new and enhanced products that anticipate changing customer and consumer preferences and capitalize upon emerging software technologies. However, the Company may experience difficulties that delay or prevent the development, introduction, or market acceptance of its new or enhanced products. Furthermore, these new technologies have also attracted increased competition from outside the traditional automotive industry, and any of these competitors may develop and introduce technologies that gain greater customer or consumer acceptance, which could have a material adverse effect on the future growth of the Company. 
 
 The automotive industry is cyclical and significant declines in the production levels of the Company s major customers could reduce the Company s sales and harm its profitability 
 
 Demand for the Company s products is directly related to the automotive vehicle production of the Company s major customers. Automotive sales and production are cyclical and can be affected by general economic or industry conditions, labor relations issues, fuel prices, regulatory requirements, government initiatives, trade agreements, the cost and availability of credit, and other factors. Due to overall global economic conditions, including semiconductor shortages that continued in 2022, the automotive industry experienced constrained production schedules. Such shortages and constrained production schedules had and may in the future have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, profitability, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The discontinuation or loss of business, or lack of commercial success, with respect to a particular product for which the Company is a significant supplier could reduce the Company s sales and harm its profitability 
 
 Although the Company has purchase orders from many of its customers, these purchase orders generally provide for the supply of a customer s annual requirements for a particular vehicle model and assembly plant, or in some cases, for the supply of a 
 11 

customer s requirements for the life of a particular vehicle model, rather than for the purchase of a specific quantity of products. In addition, certain customers have communicated an intent to manufacture components internally that are currently produced by outside suppliers, such as the Company. If the Company's OEM customers successfully insource products currently manufactured by the Company the discontinuation or loss of business for products which the Company is a significant supplier could reduce the Company s sales and harm the Company s profitability. 
 
 Price pressures from customers may adversely affect the Company s business 
 
 Downward pricing pressures by automotive OEMs, while characteristic of the automotive industry, are increasing. Virtually all automakers have implemented aggressive price-reduction initiatives and objectives each year with their suppliers, and such actions are expected to continue in the future. In addition, estimating such amounts is subject to risk and uncertainties because any price reductions are a result of negotiations and other factors. Accordingly, suppliers must be able to reduce their operating costs in order to maintain profitability. Price reductions have impacted the Company s sales and profit margins and are expected to continue to do so in the future. If the Company is unable to offset customer price reductions in the future through improved operating efficiencies, new manufacturing processes, sourcing alternatives, and other cost-reduction initiatives, the Company s business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flow could be adversely affected. 
 
 The Company is highly dependent on Ford Motor Company and decreases in this customer s vehicle production volumes would adversely affect the Company 
 
 Ford is one of the Company s largest ultimate customers and accounted for 22 of sales for each of the years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Accordingly, any change in Ford's vehicle production volumes may have a significant impact on the Company s sales volume and profitability. 
 
 The Company s pension expense and funding levels of pension plans could materially deteriorate, or the Company may be unable to generate sufficient excess cash flow to meet increased pension benefit obligations 
 
 The Company s assumptions used to calculate pension obligations as of the annual measurement date directly impact the expense to be recognized in future periods. While the Company s management believes that these assumptions are appropriate, significant differences in actual experience or significant changes in these assumptions may materially affect the Company s pension obligations and future expense. For more information on sensitivities to changing assumptions, please see Critical Accounting Estimates in Item 7 and Note 11, Employee Benefit Plans in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Product Related Risk Factors 
 
 The Company's inability to effectively manage the timing, quality, and costs of new program launches could adversely affect its financial performance 
 
 In connection with the award of new business, the Company often obligates itself to deliver new products and services that are subject to its customers timing, performance, and quality standards. Additionally, as a Tier 1 supplier, the Company must effectively coordinate the activities of numerous suppliers in order to launch programs successfully. Given the complexity of new program launches, especially involving new and innovative technologies, the Company may experience difficulties managing timeliness and detecting undiscovered software errors, bugs, and other defects in its products which may injure the Company's reputation. In addition, new program launches require a significant ramp up of costs; however, the sales related to these new programs generally are dependent upon the timing and success of the introduction of new vehicles by the Company's customers. The Company's inability to effectively manage the timing, quality, and costs of these new program launches could have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flow. 
 
 Warranty claims, product liability claims, and product recalls could adversely affect the Company 
 
 The Company faces the inherent business risk of exposure to warranty and product liability claims in the event that its products fail to perform as expected or such failure results, or is alleged to result, in bodily injury or property damage (or both). In addition, if any of the Company s supplied products are defective or are alleged to be defective, the Company may be required to participate in a recall campaign. The Company s products contain increasingly significant amounts of software and a successful cyberattack on such products could cause materially adverse effects on the Company s business, operating results, financial condition, cash flow, and reputation. In addition, as the Company expands its electrification product offering, including its battery management systems, such products will present a different warranty and product liability risk profile. As suppliers become more integrally involved in the vehicle design process and assume more of the vehicle assembly functions, automakers are increasingly expecting them to warrant their products and are increasingly looking to suppliers for contributions when faced with product liability claims or recalls. A successful warranty or product liability claim against the Company, or a 
 12 

requirement that the Company participate in a product recall campaign, could have materially adverse effects on the Company s business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flow. 
 
 Developments or assertions by or against the Company relating to intellectual property rights could materially impact its business 
 
 The Company owns significant intellectual property, including a number of patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets and is involved in numerous licensing arrangements. The Company s intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining its competitive position in a number of the markets served. The Company may utilize intellectual property in its products that requires a license from a third-party. While the Company believes that such licenses generally can be obtained, there is no assurance that the necessary licenses can be obtained on commercially acceptable terms or at all. Failure to obtain the right to use third-party intellectual property could preclude the Company from selling certain products, and developments or assertions by or against the Company relating to intellectual property rights, could have materially adverse effects on the Company s business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flow. 
 
 The Company also derives significant revenue from countries outside the U.S. (including China) and significant intellectual property assets are licensed to joint ventures and customers in foreign jurisdictions. If a material intellectual property theft or forced transfer were to occur, it could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flow. In addition, the Company has continued to see an increase in patent claims related to connectivity-enabled products where other patent-holding companies are seeking royalties and often enter into litigation based on patent infringement allegations. Significant technological developments by others also could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flow. 
 
 Privacy and security concerns relating to the Company's current or future products and services could damage its reputation and deter current and potential users from using them 
 
 The Company may gain access to sensitive, confidential, or personal data or information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls. Concerns about the Company's practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security of personal information or other privacy related matters, even if unfounded, could damage its reputation and adversely affect its operating results. 
 
 Furthermore, regulatory authorities around the world are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning cybersecurity and data protection. In addition, the interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the U.S., Europe, and elsewhere are often uncertain and in flux. Complying with these various laws could cause the Company to incur substantial costs. 
 
 Tax Related Risk Factors 
 
 The Company s expected annual effective tax rate could be volatile and could materially change as a result of changes in mix of earnings and other factors, including changes in tax laws and tax audits 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various international jurisdictions. Changes in tax rates or tax laws by U.S. and international jurisdictions and tax audits could adversely impact Visteon s financial results. The Company is in a position whereby losses incurred in certain tax jurisdictions generally provide no current financial statement benefit. In addition, certain jurisdictions have statutory rates greater than or less than the United States statutory rate. As such, changes in the mix and source of earnings between jurisdictions, including changes in tax rates in those jurisdictions, could have a significant impact on the Company s overall effective tax rate in future periods. Additionally, in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to examinations by various tax authorities. Tax authorities in various jurisdictions could also open new examinations and expand existing examinations for which the outcomes cannot be predicted with certainty. Furthermore, changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, could also have a significant impact on the Company s overall effective rate in future periods. 
 
 The Company may not be able to fully utilize its U.S. net operating losses and other tax attributes 
 
 The Company has net operating losses ("NOLs") and other tax attributes which could be limited if there is a subsequent change of ownership. If the Company were to have a change of ownership within the meaning of IRC Sections 382 and 383, its NOLs and other tax attributes could be limited to an amount equal to its market capitalization at the time of the ownership change multiplied by the federal long-term tax exempt rate. The Company cannot provide any assurance that such an ownership change will not occur, in which case the availability of the Company's NOLs and other tax attributes could be significantly limited or 
 13 

possibly eliminated. Certain tax benefit preservation provisions of its corporate documents could delay or prevent a change of control, even if that change would be beneficial to stockholders. 
 
 Market Related Risk Factors 
 
 The Company is subject to significant foreign currency risks and foreign exchange exposure 
 
 As a result of Visteon's global presence, a significant portion of the Company's revenues and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The Company is therefore subject to foreign currency risks and foreign exchange exposure. The Company's primary exposures are to the euro, Chinese renminbi, Brazilian real, Mexican peso, Thai bhat, Indian rupee, Japenese yen, and Bulgarian lev. Exchange rates are difficult to predict, and the Company s financial instruments designed to hedge against foreign exchange exposure may not completely insulate the Company from those exposures. As a result, volatility in certain exchange rates could adversely impact Visteon financial results and comparability of results from period to period. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 A disruption in the Company's information technology systems, including because of cyberattack, could adversely affect its business and financial performance 
 
 The Company relies on the accuracy, capacity, and security of its information technology systems as well as those of its customers, suppliers, partners, and service providers to conduct its business. Despite the security and risk-prevention measures the Company has implemented, the Company's systems could be breached, damaged, or otherwise interrupted by a system failure, cyberattack, malicious computer software (including malware or ransomware), unauthorized physical or electronic access, or other natural or man-made incidents or disasters. The Company is also susceptible to security breaches that may go undetected. Such a breach or interruption could result in business disruption, theft of the Company's intellectual property or trade secrets, and unauthorized access to personal information. To the extent that business is interrupted or data is lost, destroyed, or inappropriately used or disclosed, such disruptions could lead to legal claims against the Company and adversely affect the Company s competitive position, reputation, relationships with customers, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 
 
 The Company is involved from time to time in legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes, which could have an adverse effect on the Company 
 
 The Company is involved in legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes that, from time to time, are significant. These are typically claims that arise in the normal course of business including, without limitation, commercial or contractual disputes (including disputes with suppliers), intellectual property matters, personal injury claims, and employment matters. No assurances can be given that such proceedings and claims will not have a material adverse impact on the Company s profitability and financial position. 
 
 Climate change, climate change regulations, and greenhouse gas effects could adversely impact the Company s operations and markets 
 
 Increased attention to climate change and its association with greenhouse gas emissions, expectations for companies to establish short and long-term emissions reduction targets, and changes in consumer preferences may result in increased costs, reduced profits, risks associated with new regulatory requirements, and the potential for increased litigation and governmental investigations. The U.S. federal government, certain U.S. states, and certain other countries and regions have adopted or are considering legislation or regulation imposing overall caps or taxes on greenhouse gas emissions from certain sectors including automotive. Failure to comply with any legislation or regulation could result in substantial fines, criminal sanctions, or operational changes. Moreover, even without such legislation or regulation, increased awareness of, or any adverse publicity regarding, the effects of greenhouse gases could harm the Company s reputation or reduce customer demand for its products and services. 
 
 Additionally, as severe weather events become increasingly common, operations of the Company, its customers, and/or suppliers may be disrupted, which could result in increased operational costs or reduced demand for products and services. Natural disasters could cause disruption to the Company s ability to serve its customers and communities in times of need and extended periods of disruption could have an adverse effect on its results of operations. 
 
 14 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 The Company's principal executive offices are located in Van Buren Township, Michigan. At December 31, 2022, the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries owned or leased: 
 
 30 corporate offices, technical and engineering centers and customer service centers in 13 countries around the world, all of which were leased. 
 14 manufacturing and/or assembly facilities in Brazil, China, India, Japan, Mexico, Portugal, Slovakia, Tunisia, and Thailand, of which 11 were leased and 3 were owned. 
 In addition, the Company's non-consolidated affiliates operate 6 manufacturing and/or assembly locations, primarily in the Asia Pacific region. The Company considers its facilities to be adequate for its current uses. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 Certain legal proceedings in which the Company is involved are discussed in Note 18, "Commitments and Contingencies" to the Company's consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" and should be considered an integral part of Part I, Item 3, "Legal Proceedings." 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 None 
 15 

Item 4A. Executive Officers 
 The following table shows information about the executive officers of the Company as of February 1, 2023: 
 Name Age Position Sachin S. Lawande 55 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer Jerome J. Rouquet 55 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Abigail S. Fleming 41 Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Brett D. Pynnonen 54 Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer Joao Paulo Ribeiro 53 Senior Vice President, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, and Purchasing Kristin E. Trecker 57 Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer Robert R. Vallance 62 Senior Vice President, Global Customer Business Groups, New Technology Product Lines, and General Manager APAC Region 
 
 Sachin S. Lawande has been Visteon s Chief Executive Officer, President, and a director of the Company since June 29, 2015. Before joining Visteon, Mr. Lawande served as Executive Vice President and President, Infotainment Division of Harman International Industries, Inc., an automotive supplier, from July 2013 to June 2015. From July 2011 to June 2013, he served as Executive Vice President and President of Harman s Lifestyle Division, and from July 2010 to June 2011 as Executive Vice President and Co-President, Automotive Division. Prior to that he served as Harman s Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer since February 2009. Mr. Lawande joined Harman International in 2006, following senior roles at QNX Software Systems and 3Com Corporation. He also serves on the board of directors of Cognex Corporation, a leading worldwide provider of machine vision products that are widely used in automotive, consumer electronics, life sciences, and logistics industries. Within the last five years, he also served on the board of directors of DXC Technology Company. 
 Jerome J. Rouquet has been Visteon s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since February 2020 (after joining the Company as Senior Vice President, Finance in January 2020). Prior to that, he held leadership roles of increasing responsibility at Federal-Mogul, LLC (a global automotive supplier), including Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from January 2016 to September 2018, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller from July 2010 to January 2016, and Finance Director from March 1999 to July 2010. Following the acquisition of Federal-Mogul by Tenneco, Inc., he most recently served as Senior Vice President Finance, Motorparts from October 2018 to December 2019. From 1990 to 1996, Mr. Rouquet served in various roles at Imaje SA, from Logistics Manager to Financial Controller. 
 Abigail S. Fleming has been Visteon s Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer since joining the Company in August 2020. Prior to joining Visteon, Ms. Fleming was Executive Director and Assistant Controller of Tenneco Inc. (formerly Federal-Mogul, LLC), a global automotive supplier, from March 2017 to August 2020, and Director, Capital Markets and Accounting Advisory Services at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from March 2015 to March 2017. Ms. Fleming began her career at PricewaterhouseCoopers in August 2004 and is a certified public accountant. 
 
 Brett D. Pynnonen has been Visteon s Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since December 2016. Prior to that, he was Vice President and General Counsel since joining the Company in March 2016. Before joining Visteon he was Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Federal-Mogul Holdings Corporation, a global automotive supplier, from November 2007 to March 2016. Prior to that, he was General Counsel and Secretary of Covansys Corporation, a technology services company, and an attorney at the law firm of Butzel Long. 
 Joao Paulo Ribeiro has been Visteon s Senior Vice President, Manufacturing, Supply Chain and Purchasing since November 2021. Prior to that he was Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply Chain since March 2020, Vice President, Manufacturing Operations since March 2014, and Managing Director, European Operations from October 2010 to March 2014. During his career with Visteon and Ford Motor Company, he has held management positions of increasing responsibility in manufacturing and operations. 
 
 Kristin E. Trecker has been Visteon s Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer since joining the Company in May 2018. Before joining Visteon, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer CHRO for Integer Holdings Corp. (formerly Greatbatch, Inc.), a medical device outsource manufacturer, from November 2015 to May 2017, and as Senior Vice President and CHRO of MTS Systems Corp., a global engineering firm, from February 2012 to October 2015. Prior to that Ms. Trecker spent 16 years with Lawson Software, Inc. in roles of increasing responsibility, ranging from Director of Compensation and Benefits to Senior Vice President of Human Resources. 
 
 16 

Robert R. Vallance has been Visteon s Senior Vice President, Global Customer Business Groups, New Technology Product Lines, and General Manager APAC Region since January 2022, and prior to that, he was Senior Vice President, Customer Business Groups since December 2016. He also served as Vice President, Customer Business Groups upon rejoining the Company in July 2014. From February 2008 to June 2014, he served as Vice President, Electronics Business Group of Johnson Controls, Inc., an automotive supplier. Prior to that, he spent 23 years at Ford Motor Company and Visteon in product development, program and commercial management, strategy and planning, product marketing, and manufacturing. 
 
 17 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 As of February 9, 2023, the Company had 2,981 s hareholders of record. 
 No dividends were paid by the Company on its common stock during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s Board evaluates the Company s dividend policy based on all relevant factors. The Company s credit agreements limit the amount of cash payments for dividends that may be made. Additionally, the ability of the Company s subsidiaries to transfer dividends is subject to various restrictions, including regulatory requirements and governmental restraints. 
 No sales of the Company s common stock were made by or on behalf of the Company or an affiliated purchaser during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 The following information in Item 5 is not deemed to be soliciting material or be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into such a filing. 
 
 18 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022, for Visteon's existing common stock, the S P 500 Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Auto Parts Index. The graph below assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in each of the Company's common stock, the stocks comprising the S P 500 Index and the stocks comprising the Dow Jones U.S. Auto Parts Index, and that all dividends have been reinvested. 

December 31, 2017 December 31, 2018 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 Visteon Corporation 100.00 48.17 69.19 100.30 88.81 104.55 Dow Jones U.S. Auto Parts Index 100.00 68.30 85.56 99.27 118.94 87.05 S P 500 100.00 93.76 120.84 140.49 178.27 143.61 
 The above comparisons are required by the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of the Company's common stock or the referenced indices. 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 None 
 19 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows of the Company. MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, the Company s consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing in Item 8 of this Form 10-K Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

Executive Summary 
 Strategic Priorities 
 Visteon is a global automotive technology company serving the mobility industry, dedicated to creating more enjoyable, connected, and safe driving experiences. The Company's platforms leverage proven, scalable hardware and software solutions that enable the digital, electric, and autonomous evolution of its global automotive customers. The automotive mobility market is expected to grow faster than underlying vehicle production volumes as the vehicle shifts from analog to digital and towards device and cloud connected, electric vehicles, and vehicles with more advanced safety features. 
 The Company has laid out the following strategic priorities: 
 Technology Innovation - The Company is an established global leader in cockpit electronics and is positioned to provide solutions as the industry transitions to the next generation automotive cockpit experience. The cockpit is becoming fully digital, connected, automated, learning, and voice enabled. Visteon's broad portfolio of cockpit electronics technology, the industry's first wireless battery management system, and the development of safety technology integrated into its domain controllers positions Visteon to support these macro trends in the automotive industry. 
 Long-Term Growth - The Company has continued to win business at a rate that exceeds current sales levels by demonstrating product quality, technical and development capability, new product innovation, reliability, timeliness, product design, manufacturing capability, and flexibility, as well as overall customer service. 
 Enhance Shareholder Returns While Maintaining a Strong Balance Sheet - The Company has returned approximately 3.3 billion to shareholders since 2015. In addition, the Company has continued to maintain a strong balance sheet to withstand near-term industry volatility while providing a foundation for future growth and shareholder returns. 
 
 20 

Financial Results 
 
 The pie charts below highlight the sales breakdown for Visteon for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Regional sales are based on the geographic region where sale originates and not where customer is located (excludes inter-regional eliminations). 
 
 Global Automotive Market Conditions and Production Levels 
 
 The automotive industry has been negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing semiconductor shortage. Industry vehicle volumes have increased in 2022 however remain near historically low levels despite strong consumer demand due to the ongoing semiconductor shortage. Visteon expects ongoing uncertainty and volatility as a result of the on-going shortages of semiconductors, geopolitical situation in Eastern Europe, uncertain global economy, and the COVID-19 related impacts in China and other countries. The magnitude of the impact on the financial statements, results of operations, and cash flows will depend on the evolution of the semiconductor supply shortage, plant production schedules, supply chain impacts, and global economic impacts. 
 Company Highlights 
 
 Visteon continued to focus on execution throughout 2022, building a foundation of sustainable growth, margin expansion, and cash flow generation. To address the near-term challenges created from the worldwide semiconductor and supply chain shortages, Visteon implemented a series of proactive initiatives aimed at increasing product availability for its customers while minimizing the impact of incremental costs to the business. 
 
 Early in 2021, Visteon set up a cross-functional task force which implemented several actions including the purchase of semiconductors through brokers and distributors, expedited logistics, and engineering redesigns while leading calls with customers and suppliers to minimizing manufacturing downtime. In addition, Visteon worked with its customers to pass along the elevated costs caused by semiconductor shortages. 
 
 As a result of these actions and continued growth-over-market, Visteon reported sales of 3,756 million, a year-over-year increase of 40 when excluding the negative impact from currency. This represents a continued out-performance compared to industry and customer production volumes. Adjusted EBITDA 1 was 348 million, or 9.3 of sales. Visteon continued to build the foundation for sustainable growth launching 45 new products during 2022. Visteon's next-generation products continue to be featured on its customer's key vehicles and platforms. Additionally, Visteon was awarded 6 billion in new business wins with strong performance in all product categories. Wins included multiple large multi-display wins bringing total displays wins in excess of 1.6 billion for the year, multiple SmartCore domain wins with lifetime revenue in excess of 1 billion, discrete cluster wins of approximately 1 billion, and incremental battery management system wins that extend the scope of previous customer wins. 
 
 1 Adjusted EBITDA is a Non-U.S. GAAP financial measure, as defined below. 
 21 

Results of Operations 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 The Company's consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Change Net sales 3,756 2,773 983 Cost of sales (3,388) (2,519) (869) Gross margin 368 254 114 Selling, general and administrative expenses (188) (175) (13) Restructuring and impairment (14) (14) Interest expense, net (10) (8) (2) Equity in net (loss) income of non-consolidated affiliates (1) 6 (7) Other income, net 20 18 2 Income (loss) before income taxes 175 81 94 Provision for income taxes (45) (31) (14) Net income (loss) 130 50 80 Less: Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests (6) (9) 3 Net income (loss) attributable to Visteon Corporation 124 41 83 Adjusted EBITDA 348 228 120 
 
 Net Sales and Cost of Sales 
 (In millions) Net Sales Cost of Sales Gross Margin December 31, 2021 2,773 (2,519) 254 Volume, mix, and net new business 
 722 (573) 149 Customer pricing, net 
 395 395 Currency 
 (136) 109 (27) Engineering costs, net (15) (15) Cost performance, design changes and other 
 2 (390) (388) December 31, 2022 3,756 (3,388) 368 
 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 3,756 million, which represents an increase of 983 million compared with 2021. Favorable volumes and net new business increased net sales by 722 million due to modest increases in customer production and continued market outperformance as a result of recent product launches. Customer pricing increased net sales by 395 million, primarily due to customer recoveries. Unfavorable currency decreased net sales by 136 million, primarily attributable to the euro, Chinese renminbi, and Japanese yen. 
 
 Cost of sales increased 869 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, when compared with 2021. Volume, mix and net new business increased cost of sales by 573 million. Foreign currency decreased cost of sales by 109 million, primarily attributable to the euro, Chinese renminbi, and Japanese yen. Unfavorable cost performance, design changes and other increased cost of sales by 390 million primarily due to supply chain and material cost impacts associated with the worldwide semiconductor supply shortage. 
 
 22 

A summary of net engineering costs is shown below: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Gross engineering costs (341) (325) Engineering recoveries 145 134 Engineering costs, net (196) (191) 
 Gross engineering costs relate to forward model program development and advanced engineering activities and exclude contractually reimbursable engineering costs. Net engineering costs of 196 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, including the impacts of currency, were 5 million higher than the same period of 2021. This increase is primarily related to higher engineering costs resulting from incremental program management costs with a joint venture partner partially offset by increased engineering recoveries. 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses were 188 million, or 5.0 of net sales, and 175 million, or 6.3 of net sales, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase is primarily due to increased employee related compensation, bad debt and travel and consulting expenses, partially offset by foreign currency. 
 Restructuring and Impairment 
 During 2022, the Company recorded 9 million of restructuring expense primarily related to employee severance. 
 
 Due to the current geopolitical situation in Eastern Europe the Company elected to close the Russian facility resulting in a 2022 non-cash impairment charge of 5 million to fully impair property and equipment and reduce inventory to its net realizable value . 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 
 Net interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 10 million, representing an increase of 2 million as compared to 2021. The increase in interest expense as compared to 2021 is primarily due to interest on the Company's SOFR based facility partially offset by the settlement of the derivatives associated with the terminated LIBOR based debt as well as increased interest income. 
 Equity in Net Income of Non-Consolidated Affiliates 
 Equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliates was a 1 million loss and a 6 million gain for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in equity in net income is primarily due to various operational and non-operational charges incurred at an affiliate. 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net consists of the following: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Pension financing benefits, net 20 18 Gain on sale of investment 3 Foreign currency translation charge (3) 20 18 
 
 The Company recorded a sale of an equity investment during the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in a gain of 3 million. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a charge of 3 million related to foreign currency translation amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss associated with the close of the Russian facility. 
 23 

Income Taxes 
 
 The Company's provision for income taxes was 45 million for year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 14 million when compared with 2021. The increase in tax expense is primarily attributable to the increase in pretax income, changes in the year-over-year mix of earnings, as well as establishing full valuation allowances on the deferred tax assets of two foreign subsidiaries. Other changes in the Company's deferred tax asset valuation allowances did not materially impact net tax expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as net income attributable to the Company adjusted to eliminate the impact of depreciation and amortization, restructuring and impairment expense, provision for income taxes, non-cash stock-based compensation expense, net interest expense, net income attributable to non-controlling interests, equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliates, loss on divestiture, discontinued operations, and other gains and losses not reflective of the Company's ongoing operations. 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA is presented as a supplemental measure of the Company's financial performance that management believes is useful to investors because the excluded items may vary significantly in timing or amounts and/or may obscure trends useful in evaluating and comparing the Company's operating activities across reporting periods. Not all companies use identical calculations and, accordingly, the Company's presentation of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. Adjusted EBITDA is not a recognized term under U.S. GAAP and does not purport to be a substitute for net income as an indicator of operating performance or cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool and is not intended to be a measure of cash flow available for management's discretionary use, as it does not consider certain cash requirements such as interest payments, tax payments and debt service requirements. In addition, the Company uses Adjusted EBITDA (i) as a factor in incentive compensation decisions, (ii) to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company's business strategies and (iii) the Company's credit agreements use measures similar to Adjusted EBITDA to measure compliance with certain covenants. 
 
 The reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income attributable to Visteon for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Change Net income (loss) attributable to Visteon Corporation 124 41 83 Depreciation and amortization 108 108 Restructuring and impairment 14 14 Provision for income taxes 45 31 14 Non-cash, stock-based compensation expense 26 18 8 Interest expense, net 10 8 2 Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests 6 9 (3) Equity in net loss (income) of non-consolidated affiliates 1 (6) 7 Other, net 14 5 9 Adjusted EBITDA 348 228 120 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA was 348 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, representing an increase of 120 million when compared with Adjusted EBITDA of 228 million for 2021. Favorable volumes and mix increased Adjusted EBITDA by 149 million. Foreign currency decreased Adjusted EBITDA by 19 million, primarily attributable to the euro, Chinese renminbi, and Japanese yen. Lower warranty expense and net engineering costs, excluding currency, decreased Adjusted EBITDA by 4 million and 15 million, respectively. 
 
 24 

Year ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year ended December 31, 2020 
 
 The Company's consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2021 2020 Change Net sales 2,773 2,548 225 Cost of sales (2,519) (2,303) (216) Gross margin 254 245 9 Selling, general and administrative expenses (175) (193) 18 Restructuring and impairment (14) (76) 62 Interest expense, net (8) (11) 3 Equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliates 6 6 Other income, net 18 9 9 Income (loss) before income taxes 81 (20) 101 Provision for income taxes (31) (28) (3) Net income (loss) 50 (48) 98 Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests (9) (8) (1) Net income (loss) attributable to Visteon Corporation 41 (56) 97 Adjusted EBITDA 228 192 36 Adjusted EBITDA is a Non-U.S. GAAP financial measure, as defined above. 

Net Sales and Cost of Sales 
 (In millions) Net Sales Cost of Sales Gross Margin December 31, 2020 2,548 (2,303) 245 Volume, mix, and net new business 
 185 (168) 17 Customer pricing, net 
 8 8 Currency 
 52 (41) 11 Engineering costs, net 20 20 Cost performance, design changes and other 
 (20) (27) (47) December 31, 2021 2,773 (2,519) 254 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled 2,773 million, which represents an increase of 225 million compared with 2020. Favorable volumes and net new business increased net sales by 185 million. Customer pricing increased net sales by 8 million, primarily due to customer recoveries. Favorable currency increased net sales by 52 million, primarily attributable to the euro, Brazilian real, and Chinese renminbi. Other cost performance, primarily related to design changes, reduced sales by 20 million. 
 
 Cost of sales increased 216 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, when compared with 2020. Volume, mix and net new business increased cost of sales by 168 million. Foreign currency increased cost of sales by 41 million, primarily attributable to the euro, Brazilian real, and Chinese renminbi. Net engineering costs, excluding currency, decreased cost of sales by 20 million. Unfavorable cost performance, design changes and other increased cost of sales by 27 million primarily due supply chain and material cost impacts associated with the worldwide semiconductor supply shortage and the non-recurrence of certain 2020 temporary austerity measures. 
 
 25 

A summary of net engineering costs is shown below: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2021 2020 Gross engineering costs (325) (335) Engineering recoveries 134 134 Engineering costs, net (191) (201) 
 Gross engineering costs relate to forward model program development and advanced engineering activities and exclude contractually reimbursable engineering costs. Net engineering costs of 191 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, including the impacts of currency, were 10 million lower than the same period of 2020. This decrease is primarily related to the benefits of previously announced restructuring actions and ongoing cost reduction efforts, partially offset by the reclassification of expenses in 2021 related to program management from selling, general, and administrative to align with the Company's optimized structure. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses were 175 million, or 6.3 of net sales, and 193 million, or 7.6 of net sales, during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased due to the reclassification of expenses in 2021 related to program management to gross engineering costs to align with the Company's optimized structure and restructuring savings, partially offset by the non-recurrence of 2020 temporary austerity measures. 
 Restructuring and Impairment 
 During 2021, the Company approved various global restructuring actions impacting engineering, administrative, and manufacturing functions primarily in South America and Europe to improve efficiency and rationalize the Company's footprint. The Company recorded 4 million of restructuring expense for cash severance, and termination costs for the year ended December 31, 2021 related to these programs. 
 
 During 2020, the Company approved various restructuring programs impacting engineering, administrative, and manufacturing functions to improve efficiency and rationalize the Company s footprint. The Company recorded 1 million and 76 million of restructuring expense for cash severance, retention, and termination costs for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively related to these programs . 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company identified an impairment of certain long-lived assets in Brazil due to rising costs and deteriorating business conditions. As a result, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 9 million to write-down property and equipment to its fair value as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 
 Net interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021, was 8 million, representing a decrease of 3 million as compared to 2020. The decrease is primarily due to 2020 interest expense related to borrowings on the Company's 400 million revolving credit facility. 
 26 

Equity in Net Income of Non-Consolidated Affiliates 
 Equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliates was 6 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net consists of the following: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2021 2020 Pension financing benefits, net 18 14 Pension settlement charge (5) 18 9 
 
 During 2020, the Company transferred a portion of the benefit obligation related to its defined benefit U.S. pension plan to a third-party issuer. The transaction met the criteria for settlement accounting, and accordingly the Company recognized a 5 million pension settlement charge in the fourth quarter of 2020. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The Company's provision for income taxes was 31 million for year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 3 million when compared with 2020. The increase in tax expense reflects 7 million attributable to changes in the year-over-year mix of earnings and differing tax rates between jurisdictions which reflects the overall increase in earnings in jurisdictions where the Company is profitable and withholding taxes, as well as 3 million related to the year-over-year impact of various tax law changes primarily in India and uncertain tax positions. The increases described above were partially offset by the non-recurrence of 7 million related to the reassessment of the valuation allowances in connection with the realization of deferred tax assets in Germany and Brazil. Other changes in the Company s deferred tax asset valuation allowances did not materially impact net tax expense during the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2020. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 
 The reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income attributable to Visteon for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 is as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2021 2020 Change Net income (loss) attributable to Visteon Corporation 41 (56) 97 Depreciation and amortization 108 104 4 Restructuring and impairment 14 76 (62) Provision for income taxes 31 28 3 Non-cash, stock-based compensation expense 18 18 Interest expense, net 8 11 (3) Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests 9 8 1 Equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliates (6) (6) Other, net 5 9 (4) Adjusted EBITDA 228 192 36 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA was 228 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing an increase of 36 million when compared with Adjusted EBITDA of 192 million for 2020. Favorable volumes and mix increased Adjusted EBITDA by 17 million. Foreign currency increased Adjusted EBITDA by 7 million, primarily attributable to the euro, Brazilian real, and Chinese renminbi. Increased costs, primarily due to supply chain and material cost impacts associated with the worldwide semiconductor supply shortage, partially offset by customer recoveries, decreased Adjusted EBITDA by 13 million. Lower warranty expense and net engineering costs, excluding currency, increased Adjusted EBITDA by 5 million and 20 million, respectively. 
 27 

Liquidity 
 Overview 
 The Company's primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations, existing cash balances, and borrowings under available credit facilities. The Company's intra-year needs are normally impacted by seasonal effects in the industry, such as mid-year shutdowns, the ramp-up of new model production, and year-end shutdowns at key customers. 
 
 A substantial portion of the Company's cash flows from operations are generated by operations located outside of the United States. Accordingly, the Company utilizes a combination of cash repatriation strategies, including dividends and distributions, royalties, and other intercompany arrangements to provide the funds necessary to meet obligations globally. The Company s ability to access funds from its subsidiaries is subject to, among other things, customary regulatory and statutory requirements and contractual arrangements including joint venture agreements and local credit facilities. Moreover, repatriation efforts may be modified by the Company according to prevailing circumstances. 
 Access to additional capital through the debt or equity markets is influenced by the Company's credit ratings. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s corporate credit rating is Ba3 and BB- by Moody s and Standard Poor s, respectively. See Note 10, "Debt" in the Company's consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for a comprehensive discussion of the Company's debt facilities. Incremental funding requirements of the Company's consolidated foreign entities are primarily accommodated by intercompany cash pooling structures. Affiliate working capital lines, which are utilized by the Company's consolidated joint ventures, had availability of 192 million and the Company had 400 million of available credit under the revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Cash Balances 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total cash and equivalents of 523 million, including 3 million of restricted cash. Cash balances totaling 356 million were located in jurisdictions outside of the United States, of which approximately 130 million is considered permanently reinvested for funding ongoing operations outside of the U.S. If such permanently reinvested funds were repatriated to the U.S., no U.S. federal taxes would be imposed on the distribution of such foreign earnings due to U.S. tax reform enacted in December 2017, but the Company would be required to accrue additional tax expense, primarily related to foreign withholding taxes. 
 
 Other Items Affecting Liquidity 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash contributions to the Company's non-U.S. employee retirement plans were approximately 7 million. Contributions related to certain non-U.S. plans of approximately 2 million have been deferred until 2024 due to COVID-19 relief measures. Additionally, the Company expects to make contributions to its non-US defined benefit pension plans of 5 million during 2023. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid 15 million related to restructuring activities. Additional discussion regarding the Company's restructuring activities is provided in Note 3, "Restructuring and Impairments" in the Company's consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 The Company has committed to make investments totaling 15 million in two entities principally focused on the automotive sector pursuant to limited partnership agreements. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has contributed 11 million toward the aggregate investment commitments. As a limited partner in each entity, the Company will periodically make capital contributions toward this total commitment amount. 
 
 Purchase Obligations 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has contractual purchase obligations of approximately 51 million through 2025. 
 
 Leases 
 
 The Company has operating leases primarily for corporate offices, technical and engineering centers, vehicles, and certain equipment with future lease obligations ranging from 2023 to 2033. Additional discussion regarding the Company's leasing activities is provided in Note 8, "Leases" in the Company's consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 28 

Taxes 
 
 The Company may be required to make significant cash outlays related to its unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, that would be expected to result in a cash outlay of 7 million. Given the number of years, jurisdictions and positions subject to examination, the Company is unable to estimate the period of cash settlement, if any, with the respective taxing authorities. For further information related to the Company s unrecognized tax benefits, see Note 13, Income Taxes, to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

Cash Flows 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 The Company generated 167 million of cash from operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 58 million during 2021 representing a 109 million increase. 
 
 Increased operating activities is primarily due to an increase in Adjusted EBITDA and lower working capital outflows as compared December 2021. Working capital outflows of 115 million primarily related to higher inventory levels resulting from the worldwide semiconductor supply shortage and increased sales volume during 2022. 
 
 The Company generated 58 million of cash from operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to 168 million during 2020 representing a 110 million decrease. 
 
 Unfavorable cash flows from operating activities is primarily due to lower working capital outflows partially offset by increased net income. Lower working capital out flows of 178 million as compared to the prior year are primarily related to higher inventory levels resulting from the worldwide semiconductor supply shortage and increased accounts receivable due to higher volume and higher than anticipated customer receipts during December 2020 of 40 million. These unfavorable impacts were partially offset by higher net income of 98 million and dividends received from non-consolidated affiliates of 18 million. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used by investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 68 million, as compared to cash used of 63 million in 2021, representing an increase of 5 million. The increase is primarily due to higher cash paid for capital expenditures and lower cash received for loan repayments from non-consolidated affiliates. These increased outflows were partially offset by cash received related to the settlement of derivatives. 
 
 Net cash used by investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled 63 million, as compared to 98 million in 2020, representing a decrease of 35 million. The decrease is primarily due to lower cash paid for capital expenditures of 34 million. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 9 million, as compared to 29 million for 2021, representing a decrease of 20 million. The decrease in financing activities is primarily due to a decrease in dividends paid to non-controlling interests of 33 million partially offset by higher payments related to short-term debt. 
 
 Net cash used by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled 29 million, as compared to 58 million for 2020, representing a decrease of 29 million. The decrease is primarily due to 2020 share repurchases of 16 million and debt repayments of 37 million partially offset by higher dividends paid to non-controlling interests of 28 million. 

Debt and Capital Structure 
 See "Liquidity" above and also see Note 10, "Debt" and Note 14, "Stockholders' Equity and Non-controlling Interests" to the Company's consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further information. 
 
 29 

Fair Value Measurements 
 See Note 16, "Fair Value Measurements" to the Company's consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The Company s significant accounting policies have been disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes under Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Company's consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Certain policies relate to estimates that involve matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate is made and different estimates or changes to an estimate could have a material impact on the reported financial position, changes in financial condition or results of operations. Such critical estimates are discussed below. For these, materially different amounts could be reported under varied conditions and assumptions. Other items in the Company's consolidated financial statements require estimation, however, in the Company's opinion, they are not as critical as those discussed below. 
 Impairment of Long-lived Assets 
 
 The Company monitors long-lived assets for impairment indicators on an ongoing basis. If an impairment indicator exists, the Company will test the long-lived asset group for recoverability by comparing the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated from the long-lived assets compared to the related net book values. If the net book value of the asset group exceeds the undiscounted cash flows, the asset group is written down to its fair value and an impairment loss recognized. Fair value is determined using appraisals, management estimates or discounted cash flow calculations. 
 
 In 2022, due to the current geopolitical situation in Eastern Europe the Company elected to close the Russian facility resulting in a non-cash impairment charge of 5 million to fully impair property and equipment and reduce inventory to its net realizable value . Additionally, as a result of the closure, during the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company recorded a charge of approximately 3 million related to foreign currency translation amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recorded an impairment of certain long-lived assets in Brazil due to rising costs and deteriorating business conditions. As a result, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge of 9 million to write-down property and equipment to its fair value as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 See Note 3, "Restructuring and Impairments in the Company's consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Revenue is measured based on the transaction price and the quantity of parts specified in a contract with a customer. Discrete price adjustments may occur during the vehicle production period in order for the Company to remain competitive with market prices or based on changes in product specifications. Some of these price adjustments are non-routine in nature and require estimation. In the event the Company concludes that a portion of the revenue for a given part may vary from the purchase order, the Company records consideration at the most likely amount to which the Company expects to be entitled based on historical experience and input from customer negotiations. See Note 1, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Company's consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Product Warranty and Recall 
 The Company accrues for warranty obligations for products sold based on management estimates, with support from the Company s sales, engineering, quality, and legal functions, of the amount that eventually will be required to settle such obligations. This accrual is based on several factors including contractual arrangements, past experience, current claims, production changes, industry developments, and various other considerations. The Company accrues for product recall claims related to potential financial participation in customer actions to provide remedies as a result of actual or threatened regulatory or court actions or the Company s determination of the potential for such actions. The Company's accrual for recall claims is based on specific facts and circumstances underlying individual claims with support from the Company s engineering, quality, and legal functions. Amounts accrued are based upon management s best estimate of the amount that will ultimately be required to settle such claims. See Note 18, "Commitments and Contingencies" in the Company's consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Restructuring 
 30 

The Company accrues costs in connection with its restructuring of the engineering, administration, and manufacturing organizations. These accruals include estimates primarily related to employee headcount, local statutory benefits, and other employee termination costs. Actual costs may vary from these estimates. These accruals are reviewed on a quarterly basis and changes to restructuring actions are recognized when identified. See Note 3, Restructuring and Impairments in the Company's consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Pension Plans 
 Certain Company employees participate in defined benefit pension plans or retirement/termination indemnity plans. The Company has approximately 92 million in unfunded net pension liabilities as of December 31, 2022, of which approximately 71 million and 21 million are attributable to U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans, respectively. The determination of the Company s obligations and expense for its pension plans is dependent on assumptions set by the Company used by actuaries in calculating such amounts. Assumptions, including the discount rate, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, and rate of increase in compensation, are described in Note 11, Employee Benefit Plans to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Actual results that differ from assumptions used are accumulated and amortized over future periods and, accordingly, generally affect recognized expense in future periods. Therefore, assumptions used to calculate benefit obligations as of the annual measurement date directly impact the expense to be recognized in future periods. The primary assumptions affecting the Company s accounting for employee benefits, as of December 31, 2022, are as follows: 
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
 The expected long-term rate of return is used to calculate net periodic pension cost. The required use of the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets may result in recognized returns that are greater or less than the actual returns on those plan assets in any given year. Over time the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is designed to approximate actual returns. The expected long-term rate of return for pension assets has been estimated based on various inputs, including historical returns for the different asset classes held by the Company s trusts and its asset allocation, as well as inputs from internal and external sources regarding expected capital market returns, inflation, and other variables. 
 U.S. Plans Non-U.S. Plans 2022 2021 2022 2021 Expected Rate of Return 
 6.23 6.15 2.00 - 8.90 2.00 to 7.00 Long-Term Rates of Return 
 6.90 6.23 2.00 - 9.45 2.00 to 7.00 Actual Rates of Return (17.10) 9.40 (31.10) 5.77 
 The Company has set the long-term rates of return assumptions for its 2023 pension expense which range from 2.00 to 9.45 outside the U.S. and 6.90 in the U.S. 
 Discount rate 
 The Company uses the spot rate method to estimate the service and interest components of net periodic benefit cost for pension benefits for its U.S. and certain non-U.S. plans. The Company has elected to utilize an approach that discounts individual expected cash flows underlying interest and service costs using the applicable spot rates derived from the yield curve used to determine the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. The discount rate assumption is based on market rates for a hypothetical portfolio of high-quality corporate bonds rated Aa or better with maturities closely matched to the timing of projected benefit payments for each plan at its annual measurement date. 
 U.S. Plans Non-U.S. Plans 2022 2021 2022 2021 Weighted Average Discount Rates 2.48 1.99 2.23 1.66 Discount Rates 2.48 1.99 0.55 to 9.55 0.8 to 8.75 
 31 

While the Company believes that these assumptions are appropriate, significant differences in actual experience or significant changes in these assumptions may materially affect the Company s pension benefit obligations and its future expense. The following table illustrates the sensitivity to a change in certain assumptions for Company sponsored U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans on its 2022 funded status and 2023 pretax pension expense. 
 Impact on U.S. 2023 Pretax Pension Expense Impact on U.S. Plan 2022 Funded Status Impact on Non-U.S. 2023 Pretax Pension Expense Impact on Non-U.S. Plan 2022 Funded Status 25 basis point decrease in discount rate (a)(b) 
 Less than - 1 million - 16 million Less than - 1 million - 6 million 25 basis point increase in discount rate (a)(b) 
 Less than + 1 million + 15 million Less than + 1 million + 6 million 25 basis point decrease in expected return on assets (a) 
 + 1.6 million Less than + 1 million 25 basis point increase in expected return on assets (a) 
 - 1.6 million Less than - 1 million 
 (a) Assumes all other assumptions are held constant. (b) Excludes impact of assets used to hedge discount rate volatility. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous non-U.S. jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining the Company s worldwide provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and valuation allowances recorded against the Company s net deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. In the event the Company's operating performance improves or deteriorates in a filing jurisdiction or entity, future assessments could conclude a smaller or larger valuation allowance will be needed. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may be materially different from the current estimate. 
 
 In the ordinary course of the Company s business, there are many transactions and calculations where the final tax determination is uncertain. The Company is regularly audited by tax authorities. Where appropriate, the Company accrues for contingencies related to income tax risks and non-income tax risks. See Note 13, "Income Taxes" in the Company's consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 The Company uses fair value measurements in the preparation of its financial statements, utilizing various inputs including those that can be readily observable, indirectly observable or are unobservable. The Company utilizes market-based data and valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs. Additionally, the Company applies assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk. See Note 16, "Fair Value Measurements" and Note 6, "Property and Equipment" in the Company's consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Company's consolidated financial statements under Item 8 of this Form 10-K for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 32 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements contained or incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K which are not statements of historical fact constitute Forward-Looking Statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the Reform Act ). Forward-looking statements give current expectations or forecasts of future events. Words such as anticipate , expect , intend , plan , believe , seek , estimate and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with discussions of future operating or financial performance signify forward-looking statements. These statements reflect the Company s current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and estimates, which are subject to risks and uncertainties including those discussed in Item 1A under the heading Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements represent the Company s estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this Form 10-K. The Company does not intend to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the statement is made and qualifies all of its forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 You should understand that various factors, in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this document, could affect the Company s future results and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements, including: 
 Significant or prolonged shortage of critical components from Visteon s suppliers including, but not limited to semiconductors and those components from suppliers who are sole or primary sources. 
 Continued and future impacts related to the conflict between Russia and the Ukraine including supply chain disruptions, reduction in customer demand, and the imposition of sanctions on Russia. 
 Continued and future impacts of the coronavirus ("COVID-19") pandemic on Visteon s financial condition and business operations including global supply chain disruptions, market downturns, reduced consumer demand, and new government actions or restrictions. 
 Failure of the Company s joint venture partners to comply with contractual obligations or to exert influence or pressure in China. 
 Significant changes in the competitive environment in the major markets where Visteon procures materials, components, or supplies or where its products are manufactured, distributed, or sold. 
 Visteon s ability to satisfy its future capital and liquidity requirements; Visteon s ability to access the credit and capital markets at the times and in the amounts needed and on terms acceptable to Visteon; Visteon s ability to comply with covenants applicable to it; and the continuation of acceptable supplier payment terms. 
 Visteon s ability to access funds generated by its foreign subsidiaries and joint ventures on a timely and cost-effective basis. 
 Changes in the operations (including products, product planning, and part sourcing), financial condition, results of operations, or market share of Visteon s customers. 
 Changes in vehicle production volume of Visteon s customers in the markets where it operates. 
 Increases in commodity costs and the Company's ability to offset or recover these costs or disruptions in the supply of commodities, including resins, copper, fuel, and natural gas. 
 Visteon s ability to generate cost savings to offset or exceed agreed-upon price reductions or price reductions to win additional business and, in general, improve its operating performance; to achieve the benefits of its restructuring actions; and to recover engineering and tooling costs and capital investments. 
 Visteon s ability to compete favorably with automotive parts suppliers with lower cost structures and greater ability to rationalize operations; and to exit non-performing businesses on satisfactory terms, particularly due to limited flexibility under existing labor agreements. 
 Restrictions in labor contracts with unions that restrict Visteon s ability to close plants, divest unprofitable, noncompetitive businesses, change local work rules and practices at a number of facilities, and implement cost-saving measures. 
 The costs and timing of facility closures or dispositions, business or product realignments, or similar restructuring actions, including potential asset impairment or other charges related to the implementation of these actions or other adverse industry conditions and contingent liabilities. 
 33 

Legal and administrative proceedings, investigations, and claims, including shareholder class actions, inquiries by regulatory agencies, product liability, warranty, employee-related, environmental and safety claims, and any recalls of products manufactured or sold by Visteon. 
 Changes in economic conditions, currency exchange rates, interest rates and fuel prices, changes in foreign laws, regulations or trade policies, or political stability in foreign countries where Visteon procures materials, components, or supplies or where its products are manufactured, distributed, or sold. 
 Shortages of materials or interruptions in transportation systems, labor strikes, work stoppages, or other interruptions to or difficulties in the employment of labor in the major markets where Visteon purchases materials, components, or supplies to manufacture its products or where its products are manufactured, distributed, or sold. 
 Visteon s ability to satisfy its pension and other postretirement employee benefit obligations, and to retire outstanding debt and satisfy other contractual commitments, all at the levels and times planned by management. 
 Changes in laws, regulations, policies or other activities of governments, agencies and similar organizations, domestic and foreign, that may tax or otherwise increase the cost of, or otherwise affect, the manufacture, licensing, distribution, sale, ownership, or use of Visteon s products or assets. 
 Possible terrorist attacks or acts of war, which could exacerbate other risks such as slowed vehicle production, interruptions in the transportation system, changes in fuel prices, and disruptions of supply. 
 The cyclical and seasonal nature of the automotive industry. 
 Visteon s ability to comply with environmental, safety, and other regulations applicable to it and any increase in the requirements, responsibilities, and associated expenses and expenditures of these regulations. 
 Disruptions in information technology systems including, but not limited to, system failure, cyber-attack, malicious computer software (malware including ransomware), unauthorized physical or electronic access, or other natural or man-made incidents or disasters. 
 Visteon s ability to protect its intellectual property rights and to respond to changes in technology and technological risks and to claims by others that Visteon infringes their intellectual property rights. 
 Visteon s ability to quickly and adequately remediate control deficiencies in its internal control over financial reporting. 
 Other factors, risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in Visteon s Securities and Exchange Commission filings. 
 34 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 The primary market risks to which the Company is exposed include changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and certain commodity prices. The Company manages these risks through the use of derivative instruments and various operating actions including fixed price contracts with suppliers and cost sourcing arrangements with customers. The Company's use of derivative instruments is limited to mitigation of market risks. Derivative instruments are not used for speculative or trading purposes, as per clearly defined risk management policies. Additionally, the Company's use of derivative instruments creates exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparty to the derivative financial instruments. The Company limits this exposure by entering into agreements directly with a variety of highly rated financial institutions that are expected to fully satisfy their obligations under the contracts. Additionally, the Company's ability to utilize derivatives to manage market risk is dependent on credit conditions and market conditions given the current economic environment. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 The Company s net cash inflows and outflows exposed to the risk of changes in foreign currency exchange rates arise from the sale of products in countries other than the manufacturing source, foreign currency denominated supplier payments, debt and other payables, subsidiary dividends, investments in subsidiaries, and anticipated foreign currency denominated transaction proceeds. Where possible, the Company utilizes derivative financial instruments to manage foreign currency exchange rate risks. Forward and option contracts may be utilized to reduce the impact to the Company's cash flow from adverse movements in exchange rates. Foreign currency exposures are reviewed periodically, and any natural offsets are considered prior to entering into a derivative financial instrument. The Company s primary hedged foreign currency exposures include the euro and Brazilian real. Where possible, the Company utilizes a strategy of partial coverage for transactions in these currencies. The Company's policy requires that hedge transactions relate to a specific portion of the exposure not to exceed the aggregate amount of the underlying transaction. 
 
 In addition to the transactional exposure described above, the Company's operating results are impacted by the translation of its foreign operating income into U.S. dollars. The Company does not enter into foreign exchange contracts to mitigate this exposure. 
 
 The hypothetical pretax gain or loss in fair value from a 10 favorable or adverse change in quoted currency exchange rates would be approximately 21 million and 29 million for foreign currency derivative financial instruments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These estimated changes assume a parallel shift in all currency exchange rates and include the gain or loss on financial instruments used to hedge investments in subsidiaries. Because exchange rates typically do not all move in the same direction, the estimate may overstate the impact of changing exchange rates on the net fair value of the Company's financial derivatives. It is also important to note that gains and losses indicated in the sensitivity analysis would generally be offset by gains and losses on the underlying exposures being hedged. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 See Note 17, "Financial Instruments" to the Company's consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Commodity Risk 
 
 The Company's exposures to market risk from changes in the price of production material are managed primarily through negotiations with suppliers and customers, although there can be no assurance that the Company will recover all such costs. The Company continues to evaluate derivatives available in the marketplace and may decide to utilize derivatives in the future to manage select commodity risks if an acceptable hedging instrument is identified for the Company's exposure level at that time, as well as the effectiveness of the financial hedge among other factors. 
 35 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Visteon Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 00 
 37 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 0042) 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 2 020 
 41 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 2 020 
 42 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 43 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 2 020 
 44 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 45 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 46 
 
 36 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Visteon Corporation 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Visteon Corporation (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and changes in equity for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that 
 37 

are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 As discussed in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, the Company s revenue is measured based on the transaction price and the quantity of parts specified in a contract with a customer. Discrete price adjustments may occur during the vehicle production period in order for the Company to remain competitive with market prices or based on changes in product specifications. Some of these price adjustments are non-routine in nature and require estimation. In the event the Company concludes that a portion of the revenue for a given part may vary from the purchase order, the Company records consideration at the most likely amount to which the Company expects to be entitled based on historical experience and input from customer negotiations. 
 
 Auditing the consideration that the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for certain of its products which are subject to non-routine price adjustments is judgmental as it relates to evaluating the sufficiency of evidence available from commercial negotiations to support the ultimate consideration that the Company is entitled to in exchange for those products. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the accounting for non-routine revenue pricing adjustments were, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the identification of and accounting for pricing adjustments to revenue. 
 We tested pricing adjustments recorded and compared such adjustments to underlying supporting documentation. 
 We inspected pricing-related communications between the Company and its customers. 
 We compared current year adjustments to pricing accruals established in prior periods to evaluate management s process for estimating pricing accruals. 
 We made inquiries of Company executives responsible for customer relationships. 
 We obtained written representations regarding the completeness and accuracy of pricing adjustments with Company executives that are responsible for customer relationships. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 16, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2022. 
 38 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Visteon Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Visteon Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), cash flows and changes in equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes and financial statement schedule included in Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 17, 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

39 

Revenue Recognition Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, the Company s sales contracts with its customers may provide for discrete price adjustments during the vehicle production period in order for the Company to remain competitive with market prices or based on changes in production specifications. Some of these price adjustments are non-routine in nature and require estimation. In the event the Company concludes that a portion of the revenue for a given part may vary from the purchase order, the Company records consideration at the most likely amount to which the Company expects to be entitled based on historical experience and input from customer negotiations. 
 Auditing the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for certain of its products which are subject to non-routine price adjustments is highly judgmental due to changes in production specifications and commercial negotiations with customers throughout the life of the production periods. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We identified and tested controls relating to the identification and evaluation of non-routine pricing adjustments including management s evaluation of the commercial facts and circumstances to support the most likely consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled. 
 Our audit procedures included, among others, inspecting communications between the Company and its customers related to the pricing arrangements, making inquiries of the sales representatives who are responsible for negotiations with customers, testing any subsequent adjustments for appropriate amount and timing, obtaining written representations from management regarding customer agreements, and performing retrospective reviews of management s estimates to identify any contrary evidence. 
 Impairment of Long-lived Assets - Property and Equipment Description of the Matter As of December 31, 2021, the Company's property and equipment, net balance was 388 million. As discussed in Note 4, Restructuring and Impairments, during the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company recorded an impairment of certain long-lived assets in Brazil due to rising costs and deteriorating business conditions. The Company evaluated its property and equipment in Brazil for recoverability and concluded that certain assets were impaired. The Company recognized a 9 million impairment charge, which is the amount by which the carrying value exceeded the estimated fair value of these assets. 
 Auditing the Company s impairment measurement involved a high degree of judgment as estimates underlying the determination of fair value of the long-lived assets were based on assumptions affected by current market and economic conditions. To determine the fair value of the long-lived asset group, the Company utlized a cost and market approach, measuring fair value on the standalone basis value premise. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We identified and tested controls relating to the determination of the asset group's fair value and measurement of the related impairment. We also tested controls over the Company's review of the significant assumptions and methodologies used in the calculation of fair value of the related assets. 
 Our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the valuation methodology, significant assumptions and data used in the valuation, and testing the mathematical accuracy of the impairment charge. We also involved our valuation specialists to assist in evaluating the approach and key assumptions used to estimate the fair value. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 We served as the Company's auditor from 2012 to 2022. 
 Detroit, Michigan 
 February 17, 2022 

40 

VISTEON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 
 Cost of sales 
 ) ) ) Gross margin 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 ) ) ) Restructuring and impairment 
 ) ) ) Interest expense 
 ) ) ) Interest income 
 Equity in net (loss) income of non-consolidated affiliates 
 ) Other income, net 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 ) Provision for income taxes 
 ) ) ) Net income (loss) 
 ) Less: Net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests 
 ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Visteon Corporation 
 ) Basic earnings (loss) per share attributable to Visteon Corporation 
 ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to Visteon Corporation 
 ) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 41 

VISTEON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) 
 ) Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 ) ) Net investment hedge 
 ) Benefit plans, net of tax (a) 
 ) Unrealized hedging gains (losses), net of tax (b) 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) Comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 
 Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Visteon Corporation 
 ) 
 (a) million for the year ended December 31, 2022, tax expense of million for the year ended December 31,2021, and tax expense of less than million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 (b) income tax effects for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 42 

VISTEON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and equivalents 
 Restricted cash 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Inventories, net 
 Other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Intangible assets, net 
 Right-of-use assets 
 Investments in non-consolidated affiliates 
 Other non-current assets 
 Total assets 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Short-term debt 
 Accounts payable 
 Accrued employee liabilities 
 Current lease liability 
 Other current liabilities 
 Total current liabilities 
 Long-term debt, net 
 Employee benefits 
 Non-current lease liability 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 Other non-current liabilities 
 Stockholders equity: 
 Preferred stock (par value , 5 million shares authorized, outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021) 
 Common stock (par value , million shares authorized, million shares issued, and million shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Treasury stock 
 ) ) Total Visteon Corporation stockholders equity 
 Non-controlling interests 
 Total equity 
 Total liabilities and equity 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 43 

VISTEON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities 
 Net income (loss) 
 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided from operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Non-cash stock-based compensation 
 Gain on sale of investment 
 ) Foreign currency translation charge 
 Equity in net income of non-consolidated affiliates, net of dividends remitted 
 ) Impairments 
 Other non-cash items 
 ) Changes in assets and liabilities: 
 Accounts receivable 
 ) ) Inventories 
 ) ) ) Accounts payable 
 ) Other assets and other liabilities 
 ) Net cash provided from operating activities 
 Investing Activities 
 Capital expenditures, including intangibles 
 ) ) ) Contributions to equity method investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of investment Net investment hedge transactions Loan repayments from non-consolidated affiliates 
 Other, net 
 ) Net cash used by investing activities 
 ) ) ) Financing Activities 
 Borrowings on debt 
 Principal payments on debt 
 ) ) Repurchase of common stock 
 ) Short-term debt, net 
 ) ) Payment of debt fees 
 ) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests 
 ) ) ) Other 
 Net cash used by financing activities 
 ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, equivalents, and restricted cash 
 ) Cash, equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of the period 
 Cash, equivalents, and restricted cash at end of the period 
 Supplemental Disclosures: 
 Cash paid for interest 
 Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 44 

VISTEON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (In millions) 
 Total Visteon Corporation Stockholders' Equity Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Visteon Corporation Stockholders' Equity Non-Controlling Interests Total Equity December 31, 2019 ) ) Net income (loss) 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation, net 
 Repurchase of shares of common stock 
 ) ) ) Cash dividends 
 ) ) December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income (loss) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Stock-based compensation, net 
 Cash dividends 
 ) ) December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income (loss) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) Stock-based compensation, net 
 Cash dividends 
 ) ) December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 45 

VISTEON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE 1. 

Net transaction gains and losses increased net income by million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net transaction gains and losses decreased net income by million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 . 
 Revenue is measured based on the transaction price and the quantity of parts specified in a contract with a customer. Discrete price adjustments may occur during the vehicle production period in order for the Company to remain competitive with market 
 46 

of consolidated net sales. 
 
 Taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction that are collected by the Company from a customer are excluded from revenue. Shipping and handling costs associated with outbound freight after control of the parts has transferred to a customer are accounted for as a fulfillment cost and are included in Cost of sales. 
 Segment: The Company s reportable segment is Electronics. The Electronics segment provides vehicle cockpit electronics products to customers, including digital instrument clusters, domain controllers with integrated advanced driver assistance systems ("ADAS"), displays, Android-based infotainment systems , and battery management systems. As the Company has reportable segment, net sales, total assets, depreciation, amortization and capital expenditures are equal to consolidated results. 

million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which includes recoveries from customers of million, million and million. 

million related to a Letter of Credit Facility, and million related to cash collateral for other corporate purposes as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, restricted cash includes million related to a Letter of Credit Facility and million related to cash collateral for other corporate purposes. 
 
 47 

Provision Recoveries ) Write-offs charged against the allowance ) Balance at end of year 
 
 Provision for estimated uncollectible accounts receivable are included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to product tools which will not be owned by the Company and for which there is a contractual agreement for reimbursement from the customer. 
 
 48 

For further detail on warranty obligations see Note 18, "Commitments and Contingencies." 
 
 49 

Government Assistance - In November 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-10, "Government Assistance (Topic 832) - Disclosures by Business Entities about Government Assistance." to increase the transparency of government assistance including the disclosure of the types of assistance, an entity s accounting for the assistance, and the effect of the assistance on an entity s financial statements. The Company has adopted the guidance for the annual period ended December 31, 2022. 

NOTE 2.) 
 Limited partnerships Others 
 Total investments in non-consolidated affiliates 

Investments in Affiliates 
 
 The Company recorded equity in the net loss of non-consolidated affiliates of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recorded equity in the net income of non-consolidated affiliates of million for each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 
 The Company monitors its investments in affiliates for indicators of other-than-temporary declines in value on an ongoing basis. If the Company determines that an other-than-temporary decline in value has occurred, an impairment loss will be recorded, which is measured as the difference between the recorded book value and the fair value of the investment. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that no such indicators were present. 
 
 Non-Consolidated Affiliate Transactions 
 
 In 2018, the Company committed to make a million investment in two entities principally focused on the automotive sector pursuant to limited partnership agreements. As a limited partner in each entity, the Company will periodically make capital contributions toward this total commitment amount. Through December 31, 2022, the Company had contributed approximately million to these entities. These investments are classified as equity method investments. 
 
 In 2022, the Company made an investment in a private limited company focused on technology development for the automotive industry of 1 million. 
 
 Variable Interest Entities 
 
 The Company determined that it's 50 investment in Yanfeng Visteon Investment Co., Ltd. ("YFVIC") is a VIE. The Company holds a variable interest in YFVIC primarily related to its ownership interests and subordinated financial support. The Company and Yangfeng Automotive Trim Systems Co. Ltd., ("YF") each own of YFVIC and neither entity has the power to control the operations of YFVIC; therefore, the Company is not the primary beneficiary of YFVIC and does not consolidate the joint venture. 
 Purchases from affiliates (b) (a) Primarily relates to parts production and engineering reimbursement 
 (b) Primarily relates to engineering services as well as selling, general and administrative expenses 

50 

Exposure to loss in YFVIC 
 Investment in YFVIC 
 Receivables due from YFVIC 
 Maximum exposure to loss in YFVIC 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022 the Company incurred approximately million of charges related to program management costs and other charges associated with a joint venture. This charge is recorded within Cost of sales. 
 The Company recorded a 9 million settlement charge related to a one-time contract dispute with a joint venture partner during the second quarter 2022. This charge is recorded within Cost of sales. 

NOTE 3 . 
 million of restructuring expense for cash severance and termination costs related to this plan, As of December 31, 2022, million remains accrued related to these actions. 
 During 2021, the Company approved various restructuring programs impacting engineering, administrative, and manufacturing functions to improve efficiency and rationalize the Company s footprint. During 2022 the Company recorded less than million of costs for cash severance and termination costs related to these programs. As of December 31, 2022, million remains accrued related to these programs. 
 During 2020, the Company approved various restructuring programs impacting engineering, administrative, and manufacturing functions to improve efficiency and rationalize the Company s footprint. During 2022 the Company recorded million of costs for cash severance and termination costs related to these programs. As of December 31, 2022, million remains accrued related to these programs. 
 During prior periods the Company approved various restructuring programs to improve efficiencies which do not relate to the programs described above. As of December 31, 2022, million remains accrued related to these previously announced actions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company retained restructuring reserves as part of the Company's divestiture of the majority of its Interiors Divestiture of million associated with completed programs for the fundamental reorganization of operations at facilities in Brazil and France. 
 Restructuring Reserves 
 Restructuring reserve balances of million and million as of December 31, 2022 are classified as Other current liabilities and Other non-current liabilities, respectively. Restructuring reserve balances of million and million as of December 31, 2021 are classified as Other current liabilities and Other non-current liabilities, respectively. 
 51 

Expense Change in estimates Utilization ) Foreign currency December 31, 2020 Expense Change in estimates Utilization ) Foreign currency ) December 31, 2021 Expense Change in estimates Utilization ) Foreign currency ) December 31, 2022 
 
 Impairments 
 
 The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the value of these long-lived asset groups are not recoverable. 
 
 In 2022, due to the geopolitical situation in Eastern Europe the Company elected to close the Russian facility resulting in a non-cash impairment charge of to fully impair property and equipment and reduce inventory to its net realizable value . Additionally, as a result of the closure, during the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company recorded expense of approximately million related to foreign currency translation amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
 
 During 2021, the Company concluded impairment triggers had occurred for a long-lived asset group in Brazil due to rising costs and deteriorating business conditions. The Company determined the cash flows related to certain long-lived assets were not sufficient to recover the carrying value. As such, the Company estimated the fair values of this asset group at December 31, 2021 and compared the fair value to its net carrying value. As the net carrying value of the long-lived asset group exceeded the fair value, the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge of to write-down property and equipment to its fair value as of December 31, 2021. 

NOTE 4. 
 Work-in-process 
 Finished products 
 
 52 

NOTE 5. 
 Joint venture receivables 
 Contractually reimbursable engineering costs 
 Prepaid assets and deposits 
 China bank notes 
 Royalty agreements 
 Other 

The Company receives bank notes from certain customers in China to settle trade accounts receivable. The collection of such bank notes are included in operating cash flows based on the substance of the underlying transactions, which are operating in nature. The Company redeemed million and million of China bank notes during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Remaining amounts outstanding at third-party institutions relate to sold bank notes and will mature by June 30, 2023. 
 During 2022, the Company terminated derivative financial instruments and received approximately 9 million of proceeds upon settlement in conjunction with the refinancing of the Company's Term Loan. See Note 10, "Debt" and Note 16, "Fair Value Measurements" for further details. 
 Contractually reimbursable engineering costs Recoverable taxes Pension assets Royalty agreements Other 

Current and non-current contractually reimbursable engineering costs are related to pre-production design and development costs incurred pursuant to long-term supply arrangements that are contractually guaranteed for reimbursement by customers. The Company expects to receive cash reimbursement payments of approximately million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026 and less than million in 2027 and beyond. 
 
 53 

NOTE 6. 
 
 Buildings and improvements 
 Machinery, equipment and other 
 - 
 Product tooling - 
 Construction in progress 
 Total property and equipment 
 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 ) ) Property and equipment, net 

Amortization 
 
 The net book value of capitalized internal use software costs was approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Related amortization expense was approximately million, million and million for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 expense related to internal use software expected for the future annual periods are as follows: 
 (In millions) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 54 

NOTE 7. 
 
 - years 
 ) ) Customer related - years 
 ) ) Capitalized software development - years 
 ) ) Other ) ) Subtotal ) ) Indefinite-Lived: Goodwill Total ) ) 
 
 Capitalized software development consists of software development costs intended for integration into customer products. 
 
 The Company recorded amortization expense of approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 related to definite-lived intangible assets. 
 
 The Company currently estimates annual amortization expense to be as follows: 
 (In millions) 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 NOTE 8. 
 years and and years and , respectively. 
 
 55 

) ) Short-term lease expense ) ) ) Sublease income Total lease expense ) ) ) 
 Other information related to leases is as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 Cash flows used for operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2027 and thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total lease liabilities 
 
 56 

NOTE 9. 
 
 Joint venture payables 
 Non-income taxes payable Product warranty and recall accruals 
 Income taxes payable 
 Royalty reserves 
 Restructuring reserves Other 

Deferred income Income tax reserves 
 Restructuring reserves Royalty agreements 
 Derivative financial instruments 
 Other 

NOTE 10. 
 
 Short-term borrowings 
 13 4 Long-Term Debt: Term facility, net 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company's credit agreement ("Credit Agreement") includes a million Term Facility maturing March 24, 2024 and a million Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 On July 19, 2022, the Company entered into a new amendment to the Credit Agreement to, among other things, extend the maturity dates of both facilities. The amended Revolving Credit Facility and Term Facility mature on July 19, 2027. The amendment changed the method the Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility accrue interest from a LIBOR-based rate to a Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") based rate. 
 57 

of the original term debt balance. The first required payment is due during the second quarter 2023. 
 Short-term borrowings at December 31, 2021 are related to subsidiary borrowings. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no other short-term borrowings, including at the Company's subsidiaries. The Company's subsidiaries have access to million of capacity under short-term credit facilities. 
 Long-Term Debt 
 The Company has no outstanding borrowings on the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Interest on the Term Facility and Revolving Credit Facility accrue interest at a rate equal to a SOFR-based rate plus an applicable margin of between and determined by the Company's total gross leverage ratio. 
 The Credit Agreement requires compliance with customary affirmative and negative covenants and contains customary events of default. The Revolving Credit Facility also requires that the Company maintain a total net leverage ratio no greater than : . During any period when the Company s corporate and family ratings meet investment grade ratings, certain of the negative covenants are suspended. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility also provides million availability for the issuance of letters of credit and a maximum of million for swing line borrowings. Any amount of the facility utilized for letters of credit or swing line loans outstanding will reduce the amount available under the existing Revolving Credit Facility. The Company may request increases in the limits under the Credit Agreement and may request the addition of one or more term loan facilities. Outstanding borrowings may be prepaid without penalty (other than borrowings made for the purpose of reducing the effective interest rate margin or weighted average yield of the loans). There are mandatory prepayments of principle in connection with: (i) excess cash flow sweeps above certain leverage thresholds, (ii) certain asset sales or other dispositions, (iii) certain refinancing of indebtedness and (iv) over-advances under the Revolving Credit Facility. There are no excess cash flow sweeps required at the Company s current leverage level. 
 All obligations under the Credit Agreement and obligations with respect to certain cash management services and swap transaction agreements between the Company and its lenders are unconditionally guaranteed by certain of the Company s subsidiaries. Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, any amounts outstanding are secured by a first-priority perfected lien on substantially all property of the Company and the subsidiaries party to the security agreement, subject to certain limitations. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 Other 
 The Company has a million letter of credit facility, whereby the Company is required to maintain a cash collateral account equal to for non-U.S. dollar denominated letters) of the aggregate stated amount of issued letters of credit and must reimburse any amounts drawn under issued letters of credit. The Company had million of outstanding letters of credit issued under this facility secured by restricted cash, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Additionally, the Company had 
 58 

million and million of locally issued bank guarantees and letters of credit as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to support various tax appeals, customs arrangements and other obligations at its local affiliates. 

NOTE 11. 
 
 ) ) ) Pension financing benefit (cost): 
 Interest cost 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Expected return on plan assets Amortization of losses and other 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Settlements and curtailments 
 ) Restructuring related pension cost: 
 Special termination benefits 
 ) ) ) Net pension income (expense) ) ) Weighted Average Assumptions: Discount rate 
 Compensation increase 
 NA N/A N/A Long-term return on assets 

The Company's total accumulated benefit obligations for all defined benefit plans was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Projected benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 
 Rate of increase in compensation NA N/A 
 59 

Service cost 
 Interest cost 
 Actuarial loss (gain) 
 ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) Special termination benefits 
 Foreign exchange translation 
 ) ) Benefits paid and other 
 ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation ending 
 Change in Plan Assets: 
 Plan assets beginning 
 Actual return on plan assets 
 ) ) Sponsor contributions 
 Settlements 
 ) ) Foreign exchange translation 
 ) ) Benefits paid and other 
 ) ) ) ) Plan assets ending 
 Total funded status at end of period 
 ) ) ) ) Balance Sheet Classification: 
 Other non-current assets 
 Accrued employee liabilities 
 ) Employee benefits 
 ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss: 
 Actuarial loss 
 Tax effects/other 
 ) ) ) ) ) Deferred taxes Currency/other ) Reclassification to net income ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 Actuarial loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily related to a decrease in discount rates partially offset by an increase in return on assets. Actuarial gains and losses are amortized using the 10 corridor approach representing 10 times the greater of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation. Generally, the expected return is determined using a market-related value of assets where gains (losses) are recognized in a systematic manner over five years. For less significant plans, fair value is used. 
 
 60 

million pension settlement charge. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Years 2028 - 2032 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company contributed million to its non-U.S. employee retirement pension plans. Contributions related to certain non-U.S. plans of approximately million have been deferred until 2024 due to COVID-19 relief measures. Additionally, the Company expects to make contributions to its non-US defined benefit pension plans of million during 2023. 
 
 Substantially all of the Company s defined benefit pension plan assets are managed by external investment managers and held in trust by third-party custodians. The selection and oversight of these external service providers is the responsibility of the investment committees of the Company and their advisers. The selection of specific securities is at the discretion of the investment manager and is subject to the provisions set forth by written investment management agreements and related policy guidelines regarding permissible investments, risk management practices, and the use of derivative securities. Derivative securities may be used by investment managers as efficient substitutes for traditional securities, to reduce portfolio risks, or to hedge identifiable economic exposures. The use of derivative securities to engage in unrelated speculation is expressly prohibited. 
 
 The primary objective of the pension funds is to pay the plans benefit and expense obligations when due. Given the long-term nature of these plan obligations and their sensitivity to interest rates, the investment strategy is intended to improve the funded status of its U.S. and non-U.S. plans over time while maintaining a prudent level of risk. Risk is managed primarily by diversifying each plan s target asset allocation across equity, fixed income securities, and alternative investment strategies, and then maintaining the allocation within a specified range of its target. In addition, diversification across various investment subcategories within each plan is also maintained within specified ranges. 
 
 Fixed income Alternative strategies Cash Other 
 
 The expected long-term rate of return for defined benefit pension plan assets was selected based on various inputs, including returns projected by various external sources for the different asset classes held by and to be held by the Company s trusts and its targeted asset allocation. These projections incorporate both historical returns and forward-looking views regarding capital market returns, inflation, and other variables. Pension plan assets are valued at fair value using various inputs and valuation techniques. A description of the inputs and valuation techniques used to measure the fair value for each class of plan assets is included in Note 16, "Fair Value Measurements." 
 
 61 

to to determine its pension and other benefit obligations as of December 31, 2022. 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 
 Most U.S. salaried employees and certain non-U.S. employees are eligible to participate in defined contribution plans by contributing a portion of their compensation which is partially matched by the Company. Matching contributions for the U.S. defined contribution plan are on the first of pay contributed. Matching contributions were suspended from May 1, 2020 to September 30, 2020 as a part of the cost saving actions in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The expense related to all defined contribution plans was approximately million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 

NOTE 12. 
 million shares. Pursuant to the 2020 Incentive Plan, the Company may grant shares of common stock for restricted stock awards RSAs ), restricted stock units RSUs ), non-qualified stock options ("Stock Options"), stock appreciation rights SARs ), performance-based share units ("PSUs"), and other stock based awards. The Company's stock-based compensation instruments are accounted for as equity awards or liability awards based on settlement intention as follows: 
 
 For equity settled stock-based compensation instruments, compensation cost is measured based on grant date fair value of the award and is recognized over the applicable service period. For equity settled stock-based compensation instruments, the delivery of Company shares may be on a gross settlement basis or a net settlement basis. The Company's policy is to deliver such shares using treasury shares or issuing new shares. 
 Cash settled stock-based compensation instruments are subject to liability accounting. At the end of each reporting period, the vested portion of the obligation for cash settled stock-based compensation instruments is adjusted to fair value based on the period-ending market prices of the Company's common stock. Related compensation expense is recognized based on changes to the fair value over the applicable service period. 
 Generally, the Company's stock-based compensation instruments are subject to graded vesting and recognized on an accelerated basis. The settlement intention of the awards is at the discretion of the Organization and Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors. These stock-based compensation awards generally provide for accelerated vesting upon a change-in-control, as defined in the 2020 Incentive Plan, which requires a double-trigger. Accordingly, the Company may be required to accelerate recognition of related expenses in future periods in connection with the change-in-control events and subsequent changes in employee responsibilities, if any. 
 62 

Restricted stock units Stock options Total stock-based compensation expense 
 Performance Based Share Units 
 
 The number of PSUs that will vest, ranging from 0 to 200 of the target award, is based on the Company's achievement of a pre-established relative total shareholder return goal compared to its peer group of companies over a three-year period. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested as of December 31, 2020 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested as of December 31, 2021 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested as of December 31, 2022 

The grant date fair value for PSUs was determined using the Monte Carlo valuation model. Unrecognized compensation expense as of December 31, 2022 for PSUs to be settled in shares of the Company's common stock was million and will be recognized over the remaining vesting period of approximately years. The Company made cash settlement payments of less th an million for PSU s expected to be settled in cash during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Unrecognized compensation expense as of December 31, 2022 was less than million for the non-vested portion of these awards and will be recognized over the remaining vesting period of approximately years. 
 
 The Monte Carlo valuation model requires management to make various assumptions including the expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, and dividend yield. Volatility is based on the Company s stock history using daily stock prices over a period commensurate with the expected life of the award. The risk-free rate was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in relation to the contractual life of the stock-based compensation instrument. The dividend yield was based on historical patterns and future expectations for Company dividends. 
 
 W 
 63 

Risk-free rate Expected dividend yield 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 
 The grant date fair value of RSUs is measured as the market closing price of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. These awards generally vest in one-third increments on the grant date anniversary over a vesting period. 
 Share Settled RSUs for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Granted Weighted average grant date fair value 
 
 Unrecognized compensation expense as of December 31, 2022 was million for non-vested RSUs and will be recognized over the remaining vesting period of approximately years. 
 Cash Settled RSUs for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Granted Weighted average grant date fair value 
 
 The Company made cash settlement payments of less t han million d uring the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Unrecognized compensation expense as of December 31, 2022 was million for non-vested RSUs and will be recognized on a weighted average basis over the remaining vesting period of approximately years. 
 
 Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Forfeited 
 ) Non-vested as of December 31, 2020 
 Granted Vested 
 ) Forfeited 
 ) Non-vested as of December 31, 2021 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested as of December 31, 2022 

Beginning in the third quarter 2020, non-employee director RSU awards were granted under the terms and conditions of the 2020 Incentive Plan, and these awards vest approximately one year from the date of grant. Activity related to non-employee director grants under the 2020 Incentive Plan is included in RSU table above. 
 
 Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, the Company has approximately outstanding RSU's awarded at a weighted average grant date fair value of under the Non-Employee Director Stock Unit Plan which vested immediately but are not settled until the participant terminates board service. Total RSU's outstanding as of December 31, 2022 is approximately 434,000 inclusive of the table above. 
 64 

or years from the date of grant. 
 
 The Company received payments of million, million, and million related to the exercise of Stock Options with total intrinsic value of options exercised of million, million, and less than million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Un recognized compensation expense for non-vested Stock Options as of December 31, 2022 was less than million and is expected to be recognized in full by Q1 2023. 
 
 The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires management to make various assumptions including the expected term, risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, and expected volatility. The expected term represents the period of time that granted awards are expected to be outstanding and is estimated based on considerations including the vesting period, contractual term, and anticipated employee exercise patterns. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in relation to the contractual life of the stock-based compensation instrument. The dividend yield is based on historical patterns and future expectations for Company dividends. Volatility is based on the Company s stock history using daily stock prices over a period commensurate with the expected life of the award. 
 
 No stock options or SARs were granted in 2022 or 2021. 
 Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield 
 
 Granted 
 Exercised 
 ) ) Forfeited or expired 
 ) December 31, 2020 Exercised 
 ) ) Forfeited or expired 
 ) December 31, 2021 Exercised ) December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 65 

- 
 - 
 - 

NOTE 13. 
 ) ) Non-U.S 
 Total income (loss) before income taxes ) Current Tax Provision: 
 Non-U.S 
 U.S. state and local 
 Total current tax provision 
 Deferred Tax Provision (Benefit): 
 Non-U.S 
 ) Total deferred tax provision (benefit) 
 ) Provision for income taxes 
 (a) Income (loss) before income taxes excludes equity in net income from non-consolidated affiliates. 

and the consolidated income tax provision from continuing operations is shown below: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Tax provision (benefit) at U.S. statutory rate of 
 ) Impact of foreign operations 
 ) Non-U.S withholding taxes 
 Tax holidays in foreign operations 
 ) ) ) State and local income taxes ) Tax reserve adjustments 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 ) ) Impact of tax law change 
 Research credits 
 ) ) ) Other 
 Provision for income taxes 

66 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The tax expense related to foreign operations of million reflects million related to U.S. income taxes in connection with global intangible low-tax income ("GILTI") and Subpart F inclusions; million related to income tax expense, net of foreign tax credits, associated with income from foreign subsidiaries treated as branches for U.S. income tax purposes; net million income tax expense related primarily to adjusting prior year tax returns to deduct foreign taxes prior to expiration; and million tax expense on foreign earnings taxed at rates higher than the U.S. statutory rate. Of the million income tax expense items above, million were offset by a corresponding income tax benefit associated with a reduction in the U.S. valuation allowance. 
 
 Items impacting the Company s 2021 effective tax rate include tax expense related to foreign operations of million which reflects million related to U.S. income taxes in connection with GILTI and Subpart F inclusions; million related to income tax expense, net of foreign tax credits, associated with income from foreign subsidiaries treated as branches for U.S. income tax purposes; net million income tax expense related primarily to adjusting prior year tax returns to deduct foreign taxes prior to expiration; and million tax expense on foreign earnings taxed at rates higher than the U.S. statutory rate. Of the million income tax expense items above, million were offset by a corresponding income tax benefit associated with a reduction in the U.S. valuation allowance. 
 
 Items impacting the Company s 2020 effective tax rate include tax benefits related to foreign operations of million which reflects million income tax benefit related to electing to deduct expiring foreign tax credits previously derecognized; and million income tax benefit to reflect reduction in outside basis deferred tax liabilities and foreign tax credits associated with income from foreign subsidiaries treated as branches for U.S. income tax purposes. These amounts were entirely offset by a corresponding million income tax expense associated with an increase in the U.S. valuation allowance. 
 
 Deferred Income Taxes and Valuation Allowances 
 The Company recorded deferred tax liabilities, net of valuation allowances, for U.S. and non-U.S. income taxes and non-U.S. withholding taxes of approximately million as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, on the undistributed earnings of certain consolidated and unconsolidated foreign affiliates as such earnings are intended to be repatriated in the foreseeable future. The amount the Company expects to repatriate is based upon a variety of factors including current year earnings of the foreign affiliates, foreign investment needs, and the cash flow needs the Company has in the U.S. and this practice has not changed following incurring the transition tax under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Act ). The Company has not provided for deferred income taxes or foreign withholding taxes on the remainder of undistributed earnings from consolidated foreign affiliates because such earnings are considered to be permanently reinvested. It is not practicable to determine the amount of deferred tax liability on such earnings as the actual tax liability, if any, is dependent on circumstances existing when remittance occurs. 
 
 The Company evaluates its deferred income taxes quarterly to determine if valuation allowances are required or should be adjusted. This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency, and amount of recent losses, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, and tax planning strategies. In making such judgments, significant weight is given to evidence that can be objectively verified. If (i) recent improvements to financial results continue in the U.S., or (ii) recovery of the global economy after the COVID-19 pandemic including the related lockdowns in China, the geopolitical situation in Eastern Europe, and the ongoing semiconductor shortages, occurs faster than expected, the Company believes it is possible that sufficient positive evidence may be available to release all, or a portion, of its U.S. valuation allowance in the next six to 18 months. Release of all, or a portion, of the valuation allowance would result in the recognition of certain deferred tax assets and a decrease to income tax expense for the period the release is recorded. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company determined that future taxable income at two foreign subsidiaries was not likely to be sufficient to realize net deferred tax assets due primarily to recent operating losses. Consequently, the Company recorded 9 million income tax expense related to establishing valuation allowances against deferred tax assets during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 
 In September 2020, the Company approved a restructuring program impacting engineering and administrative functions globally, including German operations. The September action, combined with earlier 2020 actions, necessitated a reassessment of the future utilization of deferred tax assets in Germany resulting in recording a million discrete income tax expense adjustment during the third quarter of 2020 to increase the valuation allowance. During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company completed an analysis related to its Brazil affiliate, Visteon Amazonas Amazonas ), resulting in the permanent exclusion of certain incentive income from taxable profits. Consequently, the Company concluded the generation of future 
 67 

million valuation allowance during the fourth quarter of 2020. 
 
 Employee benefit plans 
 Lease liability Fixed assets and intangibles 
 Warranty 
 Inventory 
 Restructuring 
 Capitalized expenditures 
 Deferred income 
 Other 
 Gross deferred tax assets 1,265 1,372 Valuation allowance 
 ) ) Total deferred tax assets 
 Deferred Tax Liabilities: 
 Outside basis investment differences, including withholding tax 
 Right-of-use assets 
 Fixed assets and intangibles 
 All other 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 
 Net deferred tax assets 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Classification: 
 Other non-current assets 
 Deferred tax liabilities non-current 
 Net deferred tax assets 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had available non-U.S. net operating loss carryforwards and capital loss carryforwards of billion and million, respectively, which have remaining carryforward periods ranging from having no carryforwards to indefinite carryforwards. The Company had available U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of billion at December 31, 2022, which have remaining carryforward periods ranging from 7 years to indefinite. U.S. foreign tax credit carryforwards are million at December 31, 2022, which have remaining carryforward periods ranging from 1 to 7 years. U.S. research tax credit carryforwards are million at December 31, 2022. These credits will begin to expire in 2030. The Company had available tax-effected U.S. state operating loss carryforwards of million at December 31, 2022, which will expire at various dates between 2023 and 2042. 
 
 In connection with the Company's emergence from bankruptcy and resulting change in ownership on the Effective Date, an annual limitation was imposed on the utilization of U.S. net operating losses, U.S. credit carryforwards and certain U.S. built-in losses (collectively referred to as tax attributes under Internal Revenue Code IRC Sections 382 and 383. The collective limitation is approximately million per year on tax attributes in existence at the date of change in ownership. Additionally, the Company has approximately million of U.S. foreign tax credits and approximately million of U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards that are not subject to any current limitation since they were realized after the Effective Date. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Inclusive of Discontinued Operations 
 
 The Company operates in multiple jurisdictions throughout the world and the income tax returns of its subsidiaries in various tax jurisdictions are subject to periodic examination by respective tax authorities. The Company regularly assesses the status of 
 68 

million and million, respectively. Of these amounts, approximately million and million respectively, represent the amount of unrecognized benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. The gross unrecognized tax benefit differs from that which would impact the effective tax rate due to uncertain tax positions embedded in other deferred tax attributes carrying a full valuation allowance. The Company records interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense and related amounts accrued at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million in both years. 
 
 With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal tax examinations for years before 2014, or state, local or non-U.S. income tax examinations for years before 2003, although U.S. net operating losses carried forward into open tax years technically remain open to adjustment. Although it is not possible to predict the timing of the resolution of all ongoing tax audits with accuracy, it is reasonably possible that certain tax proceedings in the U.S., Europe, Asia and Mexico could conclude within the next twelve months and result in a significant increase or decrease in the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits. Given the number of years, jurisdictions and positions subject to examination, the Company is unable to estimate the full range of possible adjustments to the balance of unrecognized tax benefits. The long-term portion of uncertain income tax positions (including interest) in the amount of million is included in Other non-current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet, while million is reflected as a reduction of deferred tax assets included in Other non-current assets . Outstanding income tax refund claims related primarily to India and Brazil jurisdictions, total million as of December 31, 2022, and are included in other non-current assets on the balance sheets. 
 
 Tax positions related to current period Additions 
 Tax positions related to prior periods Additions 
 Reductions 
 ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Other Tax Matters 
 
 . 

NOTE 14. 
 
 and shares of common stock in treasury which may be used for satisfying obligations under employee incentive compensation arrangements. The Company values shares of common stock held in treasury at cost. 
 69 

Shanghai Visteon Automotive Electronics Co., Ltd. 
 Changchun Visteon FAWAY Automotive Electronics Co., Ltd. Other 

70 

) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification, net of tax 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 Ending balance 
 ) ) Changes in AOCI by component: 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 Beginning balance 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification (a) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI (b) 
 Ending balance 
 ) ) Net investment hedge 
 Beginning balance 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification (a) 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI (c) 
 ) ) Ending balance 
 Benefit plans 
 Beginning balance 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification, net of tax (d) 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 Ending balance 
 ) ) Unrealized hedging gain (loss) 
 Beginning balance 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification, net of tax (e) 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
 Ending balance 
 ) AOCI ending balance 
 ) ) 
 (a) There were no income tax effects for either period due to the valuation allowance. 
 (b) Amount relates to foreign currency translation charge. (See Note, 20, "Other Income, net" for additional details.) 
 (c) Amounts are included in "Interest expense" within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (d) Amount included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. (See Note 11, "Employee Benefit Plans" for additional details.) Net of tax expense of million, and tax expense of million related to benefit plans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (e) There were income tax effects for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 71 

NOTE 15. 
 ) Denominator: 
 Average common stock outstanding - basic 
 Dilutive effect of performance based share units and other 
 Diluted shares 
 Basic and Diluted Per Share Data: 
 Basic earnings (loss) per share attributable to Visteon: 
 ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to Visteon: 
 ) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2020, performance-based share units of approximately were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share because the effect of including them would have been anti-dilutive. 

NOTE 16. 
 72 

Interest rate swaps Liability Category: Cross currency swaps 
 December 31, 2021 (In millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 NAV Total Asset Category: Retirement plan assets Cross currency swaps Liability Category: Cross currency swaps Interest rate swaps 
 
 Cross currency swaps and interest rate swaps are valued using industry-standard models that consider various assumptions, including time value, volatility factors, current market, and contractual prices for the underlying and non-performance risk. Substantially all of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument, can be derived from observable data, or are supported by observable levels at which transactions are executed in the marketplace. The carrying amounts of all other non-retirement plan financial instruments approximate their fair values due to their relatively short-term maturities. 
 
 Retirement plan assets pertain to a diverse set of securities and investment vehicles held by the Company s defined benefit pension plans. These assets possess varying fair value measurement attributes such that certain portions are categorized within each level of the fair value hierarchy as based upon the level of observability of the inputs utilized in the valuation of the particular asset. The Company may, as a practical expedient, estimate the fair value of certain investments using NAV of the investment as of the reporting date. This practical expedient generally deals with investments that permit an investor to redeem its investment directly with, or receive distributions from, the investee at times specified in the investee s governing documents. Examples of these investments (often referred to as alternative investments) may include ownership interests in real assets, certain credit strategies, and hedging and diversifying strategies. They are commonly in the form of limited partnership interests. The Company uses NAV as a practical expedient when valuing investments in alternative asset classes and funds which are a limited partnership or similar investment vehicle. 
 
 Derivative financial instruments 
 
 Derivative financial instruments are measured at fair value on a recurring basis under an income approach using industry-standard models that consider various assumptions, including time value, volatility factors, current market and contractual prices for the underlying, and non-performance risk. Substantially all of these assumptions are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument or may derived from observable data. Accordingly, the Company's currency instruments are classified as Level 2, "Other Observable Inputs" in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 73 

74 

LDI Limited partnerships and hedge funds Cash and cash equivalents Total 
 
 (In millions) December 31, 2021 Asset Category Level 1 Level 2 NAV Total Common trust funds LDI Limited partnerships and hedge funds Cash and cash equivalents Total 

The fair values of the Company s Non-U.S. retirement plan assets are as follows: 
 (In millions) December 31, 2022 Asset Category Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 NAV Total Treasury and government securities Cash and cash equivalents Corporate debt securities Common and preferred stock Common trust funds Limited partnerships Insurance contracts Bond funds Other investment funds Total 

75 

Treasury and government securities Cash and cash equivalents Corporate debt securities Common and preferred stock Common trust funds Limited partnerships Insurance contracts Derivative instruments Total 

The change in fair value of insurance contracts which used significant unobservable inputs was primarily due to purchases during the years ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Items Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis 
 The Company measures certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a non-recurring basis, which are not included in the table above. As these non-recurring fair value measurements are generally determined using unobservable inputs, these fair value measurements are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The Company evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the value of these long-lived asset groups are not recoverable. 
 
 In 2022, due to the geopolitical situation in Eastern Europe the Company elected to close the Russian facility resulting in a non-cash impairment charge of 5 million to fully impair property and equipment and reduce inventory to its net realizable value . 
 
 During 2021, the Company recognized an impairment charge of related to its long-lived asset group in Brazil. The fair value measurements related to the long-lived asset group rely primarily on Company-specific inputs and the Company s assumptions about the use of the assets, as observable inputs are not available (Level 3). To determine the fair value of the long-lived asset group, the Company utilized a cost and market approach, measuring fair value on the standalone basis value premise. The Company believes the assumptions and estimates used to determine the estimated fair value of the long-lived asset group is reasonable; however, these estimates and assumptions are subject to a high degree of uncertainty. Due to many variables inherent in estimating fair value, differences in assumptions could have a material effect on the analysis. As the net carrying value of the long-lived asset group in Brazil exceeded its fair values, the Company recorded a long-lived asset impairment charge of related to property and equipment during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 No impairment charges were recorded for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Fair Value of Debt 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Fair value estimates were based on quoted market prices or current rates for the same or similar issues or on the current rates offered to the Company for debt of the same remaining maturities. Accordingly, the Company's debt is classified as Level 1 "Market Prices" and Level 2 "Other Observable Inputs" in the fair value hierarchy. 
 76 

NOTE 17. Financial Instruments 
 The Company is exposed to various market risks including, but not limited to, changes in foreign currency exchange rates and market interest rates. The Company manages these risks, in part, through the use of derivative financial instruments. The use of derivative financial instruments creates exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparty to the derivative financial instruments. The Company limits this exposure by entering into agreements including master netting arrangements directly with a variety of major highly rated financial institutions that are expected to fully satisfy their obligations under the contracts. Additionally, the Company s ability to utilize derivatives to manage risks is dependent on credit and market conditions. The Company presents its derivative positions and any related material collateral under master netting arrangements that provide for the net settlement of contracts, by counterparty, in the event of default or termination. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 The maximum length of time over which the Company hedges forecasted transactions related to variable interest payments is the term of the underlying debt. 
 Currency Exchange Rate Instruments: The Company primarily uses forward contracts denominated in euro, Japanese yen, Thai baht and Mexican peso intended to mitigate the variability of cash flows denominated in currency other than the hedging entity's functional currency. 
 As of December 31, 2022 the Company had no foreign currency economic derivative instruments. At December 31, 2021, the Company had foreign currency hedge economic derivative instruments, with notional amounts of million and aggregate fair value of a liability of less than million. 
 Cross Currency Swaps: The Company has executed cross-currency swap transactions intended to mitigate the variability of the U.S. dollar value of its investment in certain of its non-U.S. entities. These swaps are designated as net investment hedges and the Company has elected to assess hedge effectiveness under the spot method. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of the swaps are recorded as a cumulative translation adjustment in AOCI in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 During 2022, the Company terminated existing cross currency swaps and received million upon settlement. Subsequently, the Company executed cross-currency swap transactions with aggregate notional amounts of million intended to mitigate the variability of U.S. dollar value investment in certain of its non-U.S. entities. These swaps are designated as net investment hedges. There was no ineffectiveness associated with such derivatives as of December 31, 2022, and the fair value of these derivatives is a non-current liability of million. As of December 31, 2022, a gain of approximately million is expected to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings within the next 12 months. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company had cross currency swaps with an aggregate notional value of million. The fair value of these derivatives was an asset of million and a non-current liability of million. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company utilizes interest rate swap instruments to manage its exposure and to mitigate the impact of interest rate variability. The swaps are designated as cash flow hedges, accordingly, the effective portion of the changes in fair value is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income. Subsequently, the accumulated gains and losses recorded in equity are reclassified to income in the period during which the hedged exposure impacts earnings. 
 
 During 2022, the Company terminated existing interest rate swaps and received less than 1 million upon settlement. Subsequently, the Company executed new interest rate swap instruments. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had interest rate swaps with aggregate notional amounts of million. The fair value of these derivatives is an non-current asset of million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, a loss of approximately 1 million is expected to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings within the next twelve months. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company had interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional value of million. The fair value of these derivatives was a non-current liability of million. 
 77 

) Interest rate risk - Interest expense, net: 
 Net investment hedges 
 Interest rate swap 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 

NOTE 18. 
 million in bonds finally maturing in 2032, the proceeds of which were used at least in part to assist in the development of the Company s U.S. headquarters located in the Township. During January 2010, the Company and the Township entered into a settlement agreement (the Settlement Agreement that, among other things, reduced the taxable value of the headquarters property to current market value. The Settlement Agreement also provided that the Company would negotiate in good faith with the Township in the event that property tax payments were inadequate to permit the Township to meet its payment obligations with respect to the bonds. In October 2019, the Township notified the Company that the Township had incurred a shortfall under the bonds of less than million and requested that the Company meet to discuss payment. The parties met in November 2019 but no agreement was reached. On December 9, 2019, the Township commenced litigation against the Company in Michigan s Wayne County Circuit Court claiming damages of million related to what the Township alleges to be the current shortfall and projected future shortfalls under the bonds. The Company disputes the factual and legal assertions made by the Township and will defend the matter vigorously. The Company is not able to estimate the possible loss or range of loss in connection with this matter. 
 
 In November 2013, the Company and Halla Visteon Climate Corporat ion ("HVCC"), jointly filed an Initial Notice of Voluntary Self-Disclosure statement with the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC regarding certain sales of automotive HVAC components by a minority-owned, Chinese joint venture of HVCC into Iran. The Company updated that notice in December 2013, and subsequently filed a voluntary self-disclosure regarding these sales with OFAC in March 2014. In May 2014, the Company voluntarily filed a supplementary self-disclosure identifying additional sales of automotive HVAC components by the Chinese joint venture, as well as similar sales involving an HVCC subsidiary in China, totaling approximately million, and filed a final voluntary-self disclosure with OFAC on October 17, 2014. OFAC is currently reviewing the results of the Company s investigation. Following that review, OFAC may conclude that the disclosed sales resulted in violations of U.S. economic sanctions laws and warrant the imposition of civil penalties, such as fines, limitations on the Company's ability to export products from the United States, and/or referral for further investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice. Any such fines or restrictions may be material to the Company s financial results in the period in which they are 
 78 

million for claims aggregating approximately million in Brazil. The amounts accrued represent claims that are deemed probable of loss and are reasonably estimable based on the Company's assessment of the claims and prior experience with similar matters. 
 The adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic led to a significant reduction in vehicle production in the first half of 2020, which was followed by increased consumer demand and vehicle production schedules in the second half of 2020. Because semiconductor suppliers have been unable to rapidly reallocate production to serve the automotive industry, the surge in demand has led to a worldwide semiconductor supply shortage. The Company's semiconductor suppliers, along with most automotive component supply companies that use semiconductors, have been unable to fully meet the vehicle production demands of its customers due to events which are outside the Company's control, including but not limited to, the COVID-19 pandemic, the global semiconductor shortage, a fire at a semiconductor fabrication facility in Japan, significant weather events impacting semiconductor supplier facilities in the southern United States, and other extraordinary events. The Company is working closely with suppliers and customers to attempt to minimize potential adverse impacts of these events. Certain customers have communicated that they expect the Company to absorb some of the financial impact of their reduced production and are reserving their rights to claim damages arising from supply shortages, however, the Company believes it has a number of legal defenses to such claims and intends to defend any such claims vigorously. The Company has also notified semiconductor suppliers that it will seek compensation from them for failure to deliver sufficient quantities. The Company is not able to estimate the possible loss or range of loss in connection with this matter at this time. 
 While the Company believes its accruals for litigation and claims are adequate, the final amounts required to resolve such matters could differ materially from recorded estimates and the Company's results of operations and cash flows could be materially affected. 
 Product Warranty and Recall 
 
 Amounts accrued for product warranty and recall provisions are based on management s best estimates of the amounts that will ultimately be required to settle such items. The Company s estimates for product warranty and recall obligations are developed with support from its sales, engineering, quality, and legal functions and include due consideration of contractual arrangements, past experience, current claims and related information, production changes, industry and regulatory developments, and various other considerations. These estimates do not include amounts which may ultimately be recovered from the Company's suppliers. The Company can provide no assurances that it will not experience material obligations in the future or that it will not incur significant costs to defend or settle such obligations beyond the amounts accrued or beyond what the Company may recover from its suppliers. 
 
 Provisions Change in estimates 
 ) Currency/other 
 ) ) Settlements 
 ) ) Ending balance 
 
 Guarantees and Commitments 
 
 As part of the agreements of the Climate Transaction and Interiors Divestiture, divestitures completed during 2015, the Company continues to provide lease guarantees to divested Climate and Interiors entities. As of December 31, 2022, the 
 79 

million of outstanding guarantees for each of the divested Climate and Interiors entities. The guarantees represent the maximum potential amount that the Company could be required to pay under the guarantees in the event of default by the guaranteed parties. These guarantees will generally cease upon expiration of current lease agreement which expire in 2026 and 2024 for the Climate and Interiors entities, respectively. 
 
 Other Contingent Matters 
 
 Various legal actions, governmental investigations and proceedings and claims are pending or may be instituted or asserted in the future against the Company, including those arising out of alleged defects in the Company s products; customs classifications; governmental regulations relating to safety; employment-related matters; customer, supplier and other contractual relationships; intellectual property rights; product warranties; product recalls; tax matters, including the ITA tax matter described in Note 13, "Income Taxes"; and environmental matters. Some of the foregoing matters may involve compensatory, punitive or antitrust, or other treble damage claims in very large amounts, or demands for recall campaigns, environmental remediation programs, sanctions, or other relief which, if granted, would require very large expenditures. The Company enters into agreements that contain indemnification provisions in the normal course of business for which the risks are considered nominal and impracticable to estimate. 
 
 Contingencies are subject to many uncertainties, and the outcome of individual litigated matters is not predictable with assurance. Reserves have been established by the Company for matters discussed in the immediately foregoing paragraph where losses are deemed probable and reasonably estimable. It is possible, however, that some of the matters discussed in the foregoing paragraph could be decided unfavorably to the Company and could require the Company to pay damages or make other expenditures in amounts, or a range of amounts, that cannot be estimated as of December 31, 2022 and that are in excess of established reserves. Based on its analysis, the Company does not reasonably expect, except as otherwise described herein, that any adverse outcome from such matters would have a material effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, although such an outcome is possible. 
 
 80 

NOTE 19. 
 
 Mexico 
 Total North America 
 Portugal 
 Slovakia 
 Tunisia 
 Other Europe 
 Total Europe 
 China Domestic 
 China Export 
 Total China 
 Japan 
 India 
 Other Asia-Pacific 
 Total Other Asia-Pacific 
 South America 
 Eliminations 
 ) ) ) (a) Company sales based on geographic region where sale originates and not where customer is located. (b) Tangible long-lived assets include property, plant, and equipment and right-of-use assets. 

Infotainment Information displays Cockpit domain controller Body and security Telematics Other 
 
 81 

NOTE 20. 
 Pension settlement charge ) Gain on sale of investment Foreign currency translation charge ) 
 Pension financing benefits, net include return on assets net of interest costs and other amortization. 
 The gain on sale of investment represents the Company's sale of an equity investment recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a charge of million related to foreign currency translation amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss associated with the close the Russian facility. 
 
 million pension settlement charge. 
 82 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in periodic reports filed with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 At December 31, 2022, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its Chief Executive and Financial Officers, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under the supervision and with the participation of the principal executive and financial officers of the Company, an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting was conducted based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations the COSO 2013 Framework of the Treadway Commission. 
 Based on the evaluation performed under the COSO 2013 Framework as of December 31, 2022, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective. Additionally, Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 
 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Except as set forth herein, the information required by Item 10 regarding its directors is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions Item - Election of Directors, Corporate Governance, and "2023 Stockholder Proposals and Nominations" in its 2023 Proxy Statement. The information required by Item 10 regarding its executive officers appears as Item 4A under Part I of this Form 10-K. 
 The Company has a code of ethics, as such phrase is defined in Item 406 of Regulation S-K, that applies to all directors, officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, including the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Accounting Officer. The code, entitled Ethics and Integrity Policy, is available on the Company's website at www.visteon.com. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions Compensation Committee Report, Executive Compensation and Director Compensation in its 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 83 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference from the information under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in its 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions Corporate Governance - Director Independence and Transactions with Related Persons in its 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference from the information under the captions Audit Fees and Audit Committee Pre-Approval Process and Policies in its 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 84 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 
 1. Financial Statements 
 See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K hereof. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 All other financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not required or applicable under instructions contained in Regulation S-X or because the information called for is shown in the financial statements and notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed on the "Exhibit Index" on page 87 hereof are filed with this Form 10-K or incorporated by reference as set forth herein. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 85 

VISTEON CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Valuation allowance for deferred taxes 
 ) ) Year Ended December 31, 2020: 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 ) ) Valuation allowance for deferred taxes 
 
 ____________ 
 (a) Deductions represent uncollectible accounts charged off. 
 (b) Deferred taxes valuation allowance - represents adjustments recorded through other comprehensive income, exchange, expiration of tax attribute carryforwards, and various tax return true-up adjustments, all of which impact deferred taxes and the related valuation allowances. In 2022, the 26 million other decrease in the valuation allowance for deferred taxes is comprised of 15 million related to exchange and 11 million primarily related to other comprehensive income. In 2021, the 46 million other decrease in the valuation allowance for deferred taxes is comprised of 28 million related to exchange and 18 million primarily related to other comprehensive income. In 2020, the 85 million other increase in the valuation allowance for deferred taxes is comprised of 49 million related to valuation allowance benefits allocated to discontinued operations associated with electing to deduct expiring foreign tax credits previously derecognized for which a valuation allowance is maintained; 20 million related to exchange; and 16 million primarily related to other comprehensive income. 

86 

Exhibit Index 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 
 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Visteon Corporation (incorporated by reference to Appendix D to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A of Visteon Corporation filed on April 30, 2021). 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Visteon Corporation, as amended through June 9, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2.a to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Visteon Corporation filed on June 10, 2016). 
 4.1 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate of Visteon Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Visteon Corporation filed on October 1, 2010 (File No. 001-15827)). 
 4.2 
 Description of Visteon Corporation Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Visteon Corporation filed on February 17, 2022). 
 10.1 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated October 22,2020, between Visteon Corporation and Sachin Lawande (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Visteon Corporation filed on October 26, 2020). 
 10.2 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2014, among Visteon Corporation, each lender from time to time party thereto, each L/C Issuer from time to time party thereto and Citibank, N.A. as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Visteon Corporation filed on April 14, 2014). 
 10.2.1 
 Amendment No. 1, dated as of March 25, 2015, to Credit Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2014, by and among Visteon Corporation, each lender from time to time party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Visteon Corporation filed on March 27, 2015). 
 10.2.2 
 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 24, 2017, by and among Visteon Corporation, the guarantors party thereto, each lender party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Visteon Corporation filed on March 27, 2017). 
 10.2.3 
 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2017, by and among Visteon Corporation, the guarantors party thereto, each lender party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Visteon Corporation filed on November 17, 2017). 
 10.2.4 
 Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 30, 2018, by and among Visteon Corporation, the guarantors party thereto, each lender party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Visteon Corporation filed on June 1, 2018). 
 10.2.5 
 Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2019, by and among Visteon Corporation, the guarantors party thereto, each lender party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Visteon Corporation filed on December 20, 2019). 
 
 10.2.6 
 Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2022, by and among Visteon Corporation, the guarantors party thereto, each lender party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Visteon Corporation filed on July 22, 2022). 
 10.3 
 Visteon Corporation 2020 Incentive Plan, (incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A of Visteon Corporation filed on April 23, 2020). 
 10.3.1 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Grant Agreement (2022) under the Visteon Corporation 2020 Incentive Plan. 
 10.3.2 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement (2022) under the Visteon Corporation 2020 Incentive Plan. 
 
 10.4 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement under the Visteon Corporation 2020 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Visteon Corporation filed on February 18, 2021) . 
 
 87 

Exhibit No. Description 10.5 
 Visteon Corporation Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Visteon Corporation filed on October 22, 2010 (File No. 333-107104)). 
 10.6 
 Visteon Corporation 2010 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Visteon Corporation filed on November 3, 2011 (File No. 001-15827)). 
 10.6.1 
 Amendment, dated as of September 13, 2012, to the Visteon Corporation 2010 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Visteon Corporation filed on September 18, 2012). 
 10.6.2 
 
 Amendment, dated as of February 3, 2017, to the Visteon Corporation 2010 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Visteon Corporation filed on April 27, 2017 (File No. 001-15827)). 
 10.7 
 Visteon Corporation 2011 Savings Parity Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Visteon Corporation filed on November 3, 2011 (File No. 001-15827)). 
 10.7.1 
 Amendment, dated as of September 13, 2012, to the Visteon Corporation 2011 Savings Parity Plan, as amended through September 13, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Visteon Corporation filed on September 18, 2012). 
 10.8 
 Visteon Executive Severance Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Visteon Corporation filed on February 17, 2022). 
 10.9 
 Form of Change in Control Agreement between Visteon Corporation and executive officers of Visteon Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Visteon Corporation filed on October 31, 2012). 
 10.9.1 
 Schedule identifying substantially identical agreements to Officer Change in Control Agreement constituting Exhibit 10.9 hereto entered into by Visteon Corporation with Ms. Trecker and Messrs. Pynnonen, Ribeiro, Rouquet, and Vallance. 
 14.1 
 Visteon Corporation - Ethics and Integrity Policy (code of business conduct and ethics) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Visteon Corporation filed on February 22, 2018). 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Visteon Corporation. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Deloitte Touche LLP. 
 23.2 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Ernst Young LLP. 
 24.1 
 Powers of Attorney relating to execution of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer dated February 1 6 , 202 3 . 
 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer dated February 1 6 , 202 3 . 
 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer dated February 1 6 , 202 3 . 
 32.2 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer dated February 1 6 , 202 3 . 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 
 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 Indicates that exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files as Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections. 
 88 

In lieu of filing certain instruments with respect to long-term debt of the kind described in Item 601(b)(4) of Regulation S-K, Visteon agrees to furnish a copy of such instruments to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Visteon Corporation has duly caused this Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 VISTEON CORPORATION By: /s/ ABIGAIL S. FLEMING Abigail S. Fleming Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 Date: February 16, 2023 

89 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title /s/ SACHIN LAWANDE Director, President and Chief Executive Officer Sachin Lawande (Principal Executive Officer) 
 /s/ JEROME J. ROUQUET Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jerome J. Rouquet (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ ABIGAIL S. FLEMING Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Abigail S. Fleming (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ JAMES J. BARRESE Director James J. Barrese /s/ NAOMI M. BERGMAN Director Naomi M. Bergman /s/ JEFFREY D. JONES Director Jeffrey D. Jones /s/ BUNSEI KURE Director Bunsei Kure 
 /s/ JOANNE M. MAGUIRE Director Joanne M. Maguire /s/ ROBERT J. MANZO Director Robert J. Manzo /s/ FRANCIS M. SCRICCO Director Francis M. Scricco /s/ DAVID L. TREADWELL Director David L. Treadwell By: /s/ BRETT PYNNONEN Brett Pynnonen Attorney-in-Fact 
 
 90 

<EX-10.3 1>
 2
 ex-1031formofperformancest.htm
 EX-10.3 1

Document 
 Ex 10.3.1 

 VISTEON CORPORATION 2020 INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT GRANT AGREEMENT 
 
 Visteon Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), subject to the terms of the Visteon Corporation 2020 Incentive Plan (the Plan and this performance stock unit agreement (this Agreement ), hereby grants to Participant Name, Global ID Employee ID, (the Participant ), performance stock units in the form of performance-based restricted stock units Performance Stock Units pursuant to Section 6 of the Plan, as further described herein. For purposes of this Agreement, Employer means the entity (the Company or a Subsidiary) that employs the Participant. All capitalized words not defined in this Agreement have the meanings assigned to them in the Plan. 
 
 1. Grant of Performance Stock Units, Target Award . 
 (a) The Company hereby grants to the Participant Number of Awards Granted Performance Stock Units with a grant value of Grant Custom 1 per unit, effective as of Grant Date (the Grant Date under Section 6 of the Plan, and subject to the restrictions set forth in this Agreement. The Performance Stock Units represent a target number of shares of the Company s common stock Stock to be paid (the Target Award if the Company s Total Shareholder Return (as defined below, TSR results during the Performance Period (as defined below) relative to returns of similar companies is at the 55 th percentile. The actual number of shares of Stock to be transferred to the Participant, if any (the Final Award ), may be earned up to 200 of the Target Award opportunity, or as low as zero, based on the Company s TSR performance percentile within the TSR Peer Group (as defined below) and upon satisfaction of the conditions to vesting set forth below in this Agreement. In the event of certain corporate transactions, the number of Performance Stock Units covered by this Agreement may be adjusted by the Committee as further described in Section 3 of the Plan. Electronic acceptance of this Agreement through the third party designee must be made within 90 days of the Grant Date (by Accept By Date) otherwise the award in its entirety will be forfeited. 
 (b) For purposes of this Agreement, the Performance Period means January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2024. 
 (c) For purposes of this Agreement, Total Shareholder Return (or TSR is calculated by dividing the Closing Average Share Value (as defined below) by the Opening Average Share Value (as defined below). 
 (i) The term Closing Average Share Value means the average value of the common stock for the trading days during the 20 trading days ending on the last trading day of the Performance Period, which shall be calculated as follows (A) determine the closing price of the common stock on each trading date during the 20-day period, (B) multiply each closing price as of that trading date by the applicable share number described below, and (C) average the amounts so determined for the 20-day period. The Closing Average Share Value shall take into account any dividends on the common stock for which the ex-dividend date occurred during the Performance Period, as if the dividend amount had been reinvested in common stock at the closing price on the ex-dividend date. The share number in clause (B) above, for a given trading day, is the sum of one share plus the cumulative number of shares deemed purchased with such dividends. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Closing Average Share Value is calculated as of a Change in Control, then the Closing Average Share Value shall be based on the 20-day period ending immediately prior to the Change in Control. 
 (ii) The term Opening Average Share Value means the average value of the common stock for the trading days during the 20 trading days ending on the last trading day prior to the beginning of the Performance Period, which shall be calculated as follows (A) determine the closing price of the common stock on each trading date during the 20-day period, (B) multiply each closing price as of that trading date by the applicable share number described below, and (C) average the amounts so determined for the 20-day period. The Opening Average Share Value shall take into account any dividends on the common stock for which the ex-dividend date 
 Rev. 03 2022 

occurred during the 20-day period, as if the dividend amount had been reinvested in common stock at the closing price on the ex-dividend date. The share number in clause (B) above, for a given trading day, is the sum of one share plus the cumulative number of shares deemed purchased with such dividends. 
 (d) For purposes of this Agreement, the TSR Peer Group includes the following 15 companies (and Visteon Corporation) 
 Adient PLC Continental Lear Corporation American Axle &Mfg Holdings Cooper-Standard Holdings Magna International Aptiv PLC Dana Incorporated Meritor Inc. Autoliv, Inc. Denso Corporation Tenneco Inc. BorgWarner Inc. Faurecia S.A. Valeo SA 
 (e) TSR Peer Group Adjustments. 
 (i) If a TSR Peer Group company becomes bankrupt, the bankrupt company will remain in the TSR Peer Group positioned at one level below the lowest performing non-bankrupt TSR Peer Group company. In the case of multiple bankruptcies, the bankrupt companies will be positioned below the non-bankrupt companies in reverse chronological order by bankruptcy date. 
 (ii) If a TSR Peer Group company is acquired by another company, the acquired TSR Peer Group company will be removed from the TSR Peer Group. 
 (iii) If a TSR Peer Group company sells, spins-off, or disposes of a portion of its business, the selling TSR Peer Group company will remain in the TSR Peer Group for the Performance Period unless such disposition(s) results in the disposition of more than 50 of the company s total assets during the Performance Period in which case it will be removed. 
 (iv) If a TSR Peer Group company acquires another company, the acquiring TSR Peer Group company will remain in the TSR Peer Group for the Performance Period. 
 (v) If a TSR Peer Group company is delisted on all major stock exchanges, such delisted TSR Peer Group company will be removed from the TSR Peer Group. 
 (vi) If the Company s and or any TSR Peer Group company s stock splits, such company s performance will be adjusted for the stock split so as not to give an advantage or disadvantage to such company by comparison to the other companies. 
 2. TSR Achievement, Percentage Earned, Vesting, Effect of Change in Control . 
 (a) The Participant s rights to the Target Award will be based on the Participant s continued employment and the extent to which TSR is achieved for the Performance Period. Awards can be Earned (meaning available for potential vesting) up to 200 of the Target Award opportunity based on the Company s TSR performance percentile within the TSR Peer Group as follows (award payouts for performance between the percentiles specified below is determined based on straight-line interpolation) 
 (i) 0 of the target award if at less than 25 th percentile, 
 (ii) 35 of the target award if at the 25 th percentile, 
 (iii) 100 of the target award if at the 55 th percentile, 
 (iv) 200 of the target award if at the 80 th percentile or higher. 
 However, if the Company s TSR is negative for the Performance Period, the Target Award Earned cannot be greater than 100 , regardless of the ranking above. 
 2 

(b) If the Participant remains in the employ of the Employer through January 31, 2025, the percentage of the Target Award Earned for the Performance Period will vest on that date. 
 (c) If a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan) occurs before December 31, 2024, (x) the Performance Period will be deemed to have been terminated immediately before the Change in Control, and (y) the Performance Stock Units Earned as of the date of the Change in Control will be converted into time vesting Restricted Stock Units that will vest on January 31, 2025 if the Participant remains in the employ of the Company through that date (the Converted Restricted Stock Units and, in addition, the following rules will apply 
 (i) Unless forfeited earlier pursuant to Paragraph 3, if the Converted Restricted Stock Units are not assumed, converted or replaced by the acquirer or other continuing entity, the Converted Restricted Stock Units will become fully vested immediately before the Change in Control (and any remainder of the Target Award will be forfeited). 
 (ii) If (A) the Converted Restricted Stock Units are assumed, converted or replaced by the acquirer or other continuing entity and (B) the Participant s employment is terminated within 24 months following the Change in Control by the Employer without Cause (other than by reason of death or disability) or as otherwise set forth in any change in control agreement, the Converted Restricted Stock Units will become fully vested immediately upon the termination of the Participant s employment (and any remainder of the Target Award will be forfeited). 
 (iii) If (A) the Converted Restricted Stock Units are assumed, converted or replaced by the acquirer or other continuing entity and (B) the Participant s employment continues beyond the date that is 24 months after the Change in Control, the Converted Restricted Stock Units will vest, if at all, in accordance with Paragraph 2(b), subject to Paragraph 3. 
 3. Termination of Employment . 
 (a) Except as set forth in Paragraph 2(c)(ii) or in the remaining provisions of this Paragraph 3 or as otherwise determined by the Committee, the Participant s rights to receive any portion of the Target Award will be cancelled immediately and without notice to the Participant, and no Final Award will be made, if the Participant terminates employment with the Employer before January 31, 2025. A transfer or assignment of employment to a company that is owned at least 50 directly or indirectly by the Company shall not be deemed a termination of employment solely for purposes of Performance Stock Units covered by this Agreement. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 3(a), if the Participant is placed on an approved leave of absence, with or without pay, the Participant will continue to be eligible to receive the Final Award as if the Participant was actively employed during any period of the leave. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 3(a), if the Participant s employment with the Employer is terminated by reason of disability (for U.S. employees, as defined in the Company s long-term disability plan and for employees outside of the U.S. as determined by the Employer s long-term disability policy or by the Committee or its delegate in its sole discretion), death, retirement (as defined below) or involuntary termination by the Employer without Cause (as defined below), and either (x) the Participant had remained in the employ of the Employer for at least 180 days following the Grant Date before the termination of the Participant s employment with the Employer, or (y) the Change in Control has occurred before the termination of employment, the Participant will be entitled to a Pro Rata Part of the Full Period Award (as those terms are defined below) for those units that do not vest upon that termination pursuant to Paragraph 2(c)(ii). For these purposes 
 (i) the Full Period Award means that percentage of the Target Award for the Performance Period that would have been Earned as of December 31, 2024 and vested as of January 31, 2025 if the Participant had remained in the employ of the Company through January 31, 2025 and 
 3 

(ii) Pro Rata Part means a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days between the Grant Date and the date of the termination of the Participant s employment and the denominator of which is the number of days from the Grant Date to January 31, 2025. 
 (d) For purposes of this Agreement, retirement shall mean the Participant s voluntary termination of employment either (1) after attaining age 60 and completion of 5 years of continuous service, (2) after attaining age 55 and completion of 10 years of continuous service, or (3) after completion of at least 30 years of continuous service, regardless of age. 
 (e) For purposes of this Agreement, the term Cause shall mean (i) the willful and continued failure by the Participant to substantially perform the Participant s duties with the Employer (other than any such failure resulting from the Participant s incapacity due to physical or mental illness) after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the Participant by (A) if the Participant is an executive officer of the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company, or (B) if the Participant is not an executive officer of the Company, the head of the Company s global human resources department, which demand specifically identifies the manner in which the Employer believes that the Participant has not substantially performed the Participant s duties, or (ii) the willful engaging by the Participant in conduct which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the Company, monetarily or otherwise. For purposes of clauses (i) and (ii) of this definition, no act, or failure to act, on the Participant s part shall be deemed willful unless done, or omitted to be done, by the Participant not in good faith and without reasonable belief that the Participant s act, or failure to act, was in the best interest of the Company. 
 (f) For purposes of the Performance Stock Units, the Participant s employment is considered terminated as of the earlier of (a) the date the Participant s employment with the Employer is terminated (b) subject to Paragraph 3(b), the date on which the Participant ceases to provide active service to the Employer or (c) the date on which the Participant receives a notice of termination of employment (in all cases, regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or rendering services or the terms of the Participant s employment or service contract, if any). The Participant s rights to participate in the Plan will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., service would not include any contractual notice or any period of garden leave or period of pay in lieu of such notice required under any employment law in the country where the Participant works or resides (including, but not limited to, statutory law, regulatory law and or common law)). The Committee or its delegate shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Performance Stock Units. 
 4. Payment of Final Award . 
 (a) The Committee will determine the amount of the Final Award with respect to the Performance Period, and the Participant will receive shares of Stock in settlement of the Final Award, (i) on a date to be selected by the Company between January 31 and March 15, 2025 (if the Final Award vests on January 31, 2025) or (ii) in any other case in which the Participant terminates employment and is entitled to accelerated vesting under Paragraph 2(c), within ten days thereafter, except to the extent that Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) requires that payment be postponed six months and one day after the date of the Participant s separation from service (the Settlement Date ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion and to the extent permitted under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(B), terminate this Agreement and pay the Participant s Final Award on a Settlement Date upon the occurrence of, or within 30 days before, upon or within twelve months after any Change in Control that constitutes a change in the ownership, a change in the effective control or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (b) The number of shares of Stock delivered to the Participant will equal the number of shares included in the Final Award, less applicable withholding and brokerage fees associated with the sale of any shares of Stock to pay applicable withholding. Any shares of Stock will be issued in book-entry form, registered in the Participant s name or in the name of the Participant s legal representatives, beneficiaries or heirs, as the case may be. The Company will not deliver any fractional share of Stock and the Committee shall determine, in its discretion, whether cash equal to the Fair Market Value of such 
 4 

fractional share shall be given in lieu of fractional shares or whether some other more administratively feasible mechanism will be utilized. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in certain jurisdictions as stated in the Addendum to this grant agreement, the Committee may direct that in lieu of settlement through delivery of shares of Stock, the Participant s Final Award will be settled by a single lump sum cash payment equal to the number of shares of Stock that would otherwise be issued in settlement of the Final Award multiplied by the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock, less applicable withholding taxes. All Performance Stock Units that have become vested and are settled will be cancelled. 
 (c) The Company may retain the services of a third-party administrator to perform administrative services in connection with the Plan. To the extent the Company has retained such an administrator, any reference to the Company will be deemed to refer to any such third-party administrator retained by the Company, and the Company may require the Participant to exercise the Participant s rights under this Agreement only through such third-party administrator. 
 5. Dividend Equivalents . 
 On each record date during the Grant Date through the Settlement Date, the Participant shall receive, with respect to each Performance Stock Unit, an additional number of Performance Stock Units equal to the number that such Participant would have received if the Participant had been the holder of record of one share of Stock and had reinvested any cash dividend paid on such share of Stock into Performance Stock Units (at the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the later of (i) the date the dividend is paid and (ii) the ex-dividend date) subject to the same terms and conditions as the Performance Stock Units granted herein. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall dividend equivalents with respect to a Performance Stock Unit be paid to the Participant unless and until the underlying Performance Stock Unit vests, and if such Units are forfeited, the Participant shall have no right to such dividend equivalents. 
 6. Responsibility for Taxes Withholding . 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company or the Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by the Participant, or deemed applicable to the Participant, even if technically due by the Company or a Subsidiary, is and remains the Participant s sole responsibility. Furthermore, the Company and the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Performance Stock Units, including the grant of the Performance Stock Units, the vesting of the Performance Stock Units, the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to this Agreement and the receipt of any dividend equivalents or dividends and (ii) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Performance Stock Units to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items. Further, if the Participant becomes subject to taxation in more than one country between the date the Performance Stock Units are granted and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one country. 
 (b) The Company and or the Employer may satisfy its obligation to withhold Tax-Related Items associated with the Performance Stock Units by withholding a number of Performance Stock Units or shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value, as determined by the Committee, approximately equal to the amount required to be withheld, provided that the withholding rates the Company applies do not exceed the maximum statutory tax rates in the Participant s applicable jurisdiction(s). The Participant shall be deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Stock subject to the Performance Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Stock are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of the Performance Stock 
 5 

Units. The Participant will have no further rights with respect to any shares of Stock that are withheld by the Company pursuant to this provision. The Committee shall determine, in its discretion, whether cash shall be given in lieu of any fractional Performance Stock Unit remaining after the withholding requirements are satisfied equal to the Fair Market Value of such fractional share or whether some other more administratively feasible mechanism will be utilized. The Participant also authorizes the Company and or the Employer to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items from the Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to the Participant by the Company or Employer or from proceeds of the sale of shares of Stock. Finally, the Participant shall pay to the Company any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or Employer may be required to withhold as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. 
 (c) Dividend equivalents paid on Performance Stock Units are subject to applicable withholding of Tax-Related Items as described in Paragraph 6(b). 
 (d) This Performance Stock Unit is intended to be excepted from coverage under, or compliant with, the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, and the regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder 409A ). Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provisions of this Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, if the Performance Stock Unit is subject to the provisions of 409A (and not exempted therefrom), the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan shall be administered, interpreted and construed in a manner necessary to comply with 409A (or disregarded to the extent such provision cannot be so administered, interpreted or construed). If any payment or benefits hereunder may be deemed to constitute nonconforming deferred compensation subject to taxation under the provisions of 409A, the Participant agrees that the Company may, without the consent of the Participant, modify this Agreement to the extent and in the manner the Company deems necessary or advisable in order either to preclude any such payment or benefit from being deemed deferred compensation within the meaning of 409A or to provide such payments or benefits in a manner that complies with the provisions of 409A such that they will not be subject to the imposition of taxes and or interest thereunder. If, at the time of the Participant s separation from service (within the meaning of 409A), (i) the Participant shall be a specified employee (within the meaning of 409A and using the identification methodology selected by the Company from time to time) and (ii) the Company shall make a good faith determination that an amount payable hereunder constitutes deferred compensation (within the meaning of 409A) the settlement of which is required to be delayed pursuant to the six-month delay rule set forth in 409A in order to avoid taxes or penalties under 409A, then the Company shall not settle such amount on the otherwise scheduled settlement date, but shall instead settle it, without interest, on the first business day of the month after such six-month period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representation and or warranties with respect to compliance with 409A, and the Participants recognizes and acknowledges that 409A could potentially impose upon the Participant certain taxes and or interest charges for which the Participant is and shall remain solely responsible. 
 7. Conditions on Award . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Committee may cancel an award of Performance Stock Units, and may refuse to settle the Final Award, if before a Change in Control and during the period from the date of the Participant's termination of employment from the Employer to the date of settlement of the Final Award, the Committee determines that the Participant has either (i) refused to be available, upon request, at reasonable times and upon a reasonable basis, to consult with, supply information to and otherwise cooperate with the Company or its Subsidiaries with respect to any matter that was handled by the Participant or under the Participant's supervision while the Participant was in the employ of the Employer or (ii) engaged in any activity in violation of any non-competition and or non-solicitation covenants. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any Performance Stock Unit granted hereunder will be subject to mandatory repayment by the Participant to the Company to the extent the Participant is, or in the future becomes, subject to (i) any Company claw-back or recoupment policy that is adopted to comply with the requirements of any applicable laws, rules or regulations, or otherwise, or (ii) any applicable laws which impose mandatory recoupment, under circumstances set forth in such 
 6 

applicable laws, including as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or other applicable law, regulation or stock exchange listing requirement, as may be in effect from time to time, and which may operate to create additional rights for the Company with respect to the Performance Stock Unit and recovery of amounts relating thereto. By accepting this Performance Stock Unit, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant is obligated to cooperate with, and provide any and all assistance necessary to, the Company to recover or recoup this Performance Stock Unit or amounts paid under this Performance Stock Unit subject to claw-back pursuant to such law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or Company policy. Such cooperation and assistance shall include, but is not limited to, executing, completing and submitting any documentation necessary to recover or recoup this Performance Stock Unit or amounts paid hereunder from the Participant s accounts, or pending or future compensation awards that may be made to the Participant. 
 8. Non-transferability . 
 The Participant has no right to sell, assign, transfer, pledge, or otherwise alienate the Performance Stock Units, and any attempted sale, assignment, transfer, pledge or other conveyance will be null and void. 
 9. Securities Law Restrictions . 
 (a) If the Participant is resident outside of the United States, the grant of Performance Stock Units is not intended to be a public offering of securities in the Participant s country. The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings with the local securities authorities (unless otherwise required under local law), and this grant of Performance Stock Units is not subject to the supervision of the local securities authorities. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, may delay transferring shares of Stock to the Participant or the Participant s beneficiary in settlement of the Final Award or may impose restrictions or conditions on the Participant s (or any beneficiary s) ability to directly or indirectly sell, hypothecate, pledge, loan, or otherwise encumber, transfer or dispose of the shares of Stock, if the Committee determines that such action is necessary or desirable for compliance with any applicable state, federal or non-U.S. law, the requirements of any stock exchange on which the Stock is then traded, or is requested by the Company or the underwriters managing any underwritten offering of the Company s securities pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 10. Limited Interest . 
 (a) The grant of the Performance Stock Units will not be construed as giving the Participant any interest other than as provided in this Agreement. The Participant s Performance Stock Units constitutes an unsecured promise by the Company to pay the Participant one share of Stock on the settlement of vested and earned Performance Stock Units. As the holder of Performance Stock Units, the Participant has only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company. The Company will credit the Performance Stock Units to a book-keeping account in the name of the Participant, but no assets of the Company will be held or set aside as security for the obligations of the Company hereunder. The Participant will have no voting rights or any other rights as a shareholder as a result of the grant or vesting of the Performance Stock Units unless and until shares of Stock are issued in settlement of the Final Award. 
 (b) The grant of the Performance Stock Units will not affect in any way the right or power of the Company to make or authorize any or all adjustments, recapitalizations, reorganizations, or other changes in the Company s capital structure or its business, or any merger, consolidation or business combination of the Company, or any issuance or modification of any term, condition, or covenant of any bond, debenture, debt, preferred stock or other instrument ahead of or affecting the stock or the rights of the holders thereof, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business or any other Company act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 
 7 

11. Nature of Grant. 
 In accepting the Performance Stock Units, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time 
 
 (b) the grant of Performance Stock Units is a one-time benefit and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Performance Stock Units, benefits in lieu of Performance Stock Units, or other benefits in the future, even if Performance Stock Units have been granted repeatedly in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future grants of Performance Stock Units, if any, and their terms and conditions, will be made by the Company, in its sole discretion 
 
 (d) nothing contained in this Agreement is intended to create or enlarge any other contractual obligation between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and the Participant 
 
 (e) the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (f) the grant of the Performance Stock Units will not confer on the Participant any right to continue as an employee or continue in service of the Employer, nor interfere in any way with the right of the Employer to terminate the Participant's employment at any time 
 
 (g) the grant of Performance Stock Units will not be interpreted to form an employment or service contract or relationship with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries 
 
 (h) the Performance Stock Units are extraordinary items that do not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company or any Subsidiary, and are outside the scope of the Participant s employment contract, if any 
 
 (i) the Performance Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (j) the Performance Stock Units are not part of the Participant s normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-services payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits, or similar payments and in no event should they be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to past services for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates 
 
 (k) the future value of the shares of Stock underlying the Performance Stock Units is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (l) in consideration of the Performance Stock Unit, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from the Performance Stock Unit resulting from termination of the Participant s employment (for any reason whatsoever) and the Participant irrevocably releases the Company and any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates from any such claim that may arise if such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then by signing or electronically accepting this Agreement, the Participant shall be deemed to have waived the Participant s entitlement to pursue such claim 
 
 8 

(m) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Performance Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Performance Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of Stock 
 
 (n) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Performance Stock Units and the shares of Stock subject to the Performance Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service the Participant may provide as a director of a Subsidiary and 
 
 (o) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates shall be liable for any change in the value of the Performance Stock Units, the amount realized upon settlement of the Final Award or the amount realized upon a subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon settlement of the Final Award, resulting from any fluctuation of the United States Dollar local currency foreign exchange rate. 
 
 12. Data Privacy . 
 The Company and the Employer hold and control certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited to, the Participant s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, tax jurisdiction, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all options, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock or units awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant's favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan Data ). 
 The Company and or its Subsidiaries will transfer Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of the Participant s participation in the Plan, and the Company and its Subsidiaries may further transfer Data to any third parties assisting the Company in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. These recipients may be located in the European Economic Area, or elsewhere throughout the world, such as the United States. The Company will protect the Data by insuring that any such recipients have entered into an agreement to hold or process such Data in compliance with the E.U. Model Clauses or similar legislation of the country where the Participant resides, and will receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, solely for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and or the subsequent holding of shares of Stock on the Participant s behalf to a broker or other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan. The Participant understands that he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. 
 Further, the Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If the Participant does not consent, or later seeks to revoke the Participant s consent, the Participant s employment status with the Employer will not be affected. The only consequence of refusing or withdrawing consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Performance Stock Units or other equity awards to the Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent may affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of the Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that he or she may contact the Participant s local human resources representative. 
 The Participant may, at any time, exercise the Participant s rights provided under applicable personal data protection laws, which may include the right to (a) obtain confirmation as to the existence of Data, (b) verify the content, origin and accuracy of Data, (c) request the integration, update, 
 9 

amendment, deletion, or blockage (for breach of applicable laws) of Data, (d) oppose, for legal reasons, the collection, processing or transfer of the Data that is not necessary or required for the implementation, administration and or operation of the Plan and the Participant s participation in the Plan, and (e) withdraw the Participant s consent to the collection, processing or transfer of Data as provided hereunder (in which case the Performance Stock Units will be null and void). The Participant may seek to exercise these rights by contacting the Participant s local human resources representative. 
 Finally, upon request of the Company or the Employer, the Participant agrees to provide an executed data privacy consent form to the Company and or the Employer (or any other agreements or consents that may be required by the Company and or the Employer) that the Company and or the Employer may deem necessary to obtain from the Participant for the purpose of administering the Participant s participation in the Plan in compliance with the data privacy laws in the Participant s country, either now or in the future. The Participant understands and agrees that he or she will not be able to participate in the Plan if the Participant fails to provide any such consent or agreement requested by the Company and or the Employer. 
 13. Insider Trading Market Abuse Laws. 
 By participating in the Plan, the Participant agrees to comply with the Company s policy on insider trading (to the extent that it is applicable to the Participant). The Participant further acknowledges that, depending on the Participant s or the broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, the Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to shares of Stock (e.g., Performance Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock, during such times the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company as defined by the laws or regulations in the Participant s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant places before he or she possessed inside information. Furthermore, the Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. The Participant understands that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that the Participant should therefore consult his or her personal advisor on this matter. 
 14. Foreign Asset Account Reporting and Exchange Control Requirements. 
 
 The Participant acknowledges that the Participant s country may have certain foreign asset and or foreign account reporting requirements and exchange controls which may affect the Participant s ability to acquire or hold shares of Stock acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends paid on shares of Stock or sales proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock) in a brokerage or bank account outside the Participant s country. The Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in the Participant s country. The Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan to the Participant s country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s responsibility to be compliant with such regulations, and the Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor for any details. 
 15. Imposition of Other Requirements. 
 The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Performance Stock Units and on any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company or any of its Subsidiaries determine it necessary or advisable to comply with local 
 10 

laws, rules and or regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Performance Stock Units and the Plan, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. The Participant agrees to take any and all actions, and consents to any and all actions taken by the Company and its Subsidiaries, as may be required to allow the Company and its Subsidiaries to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country. In addition, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with the Participant s personal obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country. 
 16. Addendum. 
 This grant of Performance Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Addendum to this Agreement for the Participant s country of residence or employment, if different. Moreover, if the Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Addendum, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate the Participant s relocation). The Addendum constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 17. Electronic Delivery of Award Agreement. 
 The Company, in its sole discretion, may decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 18. Language. 
 The Participant acknowledges that he or she is proficient in the English language, or has consulted with an advisor who is proficient in the English language, so as to enable the Participant to understand the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan. If the Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 19. No Advice Regarding Grant. 
 The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan, or the Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Stock. The Participant should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 20. Confidentiality . 
 (a) The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s position and employment by the Company has required, and will continue to require, that the Participant have access to, and knowledge of, valuable and sensitive information relating to the Company and its business including, but not limited to, information relating to its products and product development pricing engineering and design specifications trade secrets customers suppliers employees unique and or proprietary software and source code and marketing plans (collectively, Confidential Information ). 
 11 

(b) The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant will keep in strict confidence, and will not, directly or indirectly, at any time during or after the Participant s employment with the Company, disclose, furnish, disseminate, make available or use Confidential Information of the Company or its customers or suppliers, without limitation as to when or how the Participant may have acquired such information, other than in the proper performance of the Participant s duties to the Company, unless and until such Confidential Information is or shall become general public knowledge through no fault of the Participant. 
 (c) Nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit the Participant s ability to file a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other U.S. federal, state or local and or non U.S. governmental agency or commission Government Agencies ). Furthermore, this Agreement does not limit the Participant s ability to communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other Company confidential information, without notice to the Company. This Agreement also does not limit the Employee s right to receive an award for information provided to any Government Agencies. Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, an individual may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. Further, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the employer's trade secrets to the attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the individual (i) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (ii) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 21. Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation . 
 (a) For purposes of this Agreement, Competition by the Participant means engaging in, or otherwise directly or indirectly being employed by or acting as a consultant to, or being a director, officer, employee, principal, agent, shareholder, member, owner or partner of, anywhere in the world that competes, directly or indirectly, with the Company in the Business provided, however, it shall not be a violation of this Agreement for the Participant to become the registered or beneficial owner of up to five percent (5 of any class of share of any entity in Competition with the Company that is publicly traded on a recognized domestic or foreign securities exchange, provided that the Participant does not otherwise participate in the Business of such corporation. 
 (b) For purposes of this Agreement, Business means the creation, development, manufacture, sale, promotion and distribution of vehicle electronics, transportation components, integrated systems and modules, electronic technology and other products and services that the Company engages in, or is preparing to become engaged in, at the time of the Participant s termination. 
 (c) The Participant agrees that, during the Participant s employment and for 12 months after the termination of the Participant s employment by the Participant or by the Employer or Company for any reason other than by reason of involuntary without Cause, the Participant will not directly or indirectly (i) engage in Competition with the Company (ii) solicit for the Participant s benefit or the benefit of any other person or entity, business of the same or of a similar nature to the Business from any customer that is doing business with the Company or that did business with the Company in the six months before the termination of the Participant s employment or (iii) solicit for the Participant s benefit or the benefit of any other person or entity from any known potential customer of the Company, business of the same or of a similar nature to the Business. 
 (d) The Participant agrees that, during the Participant s employment and for 12 months after the termination of the Participant s employment by the Participant or by the Employer or Company for any reason, the Participant will not directly or indirectly (i) interfere with the Business of the Company, including, but not limited to, with respect to any relationship or agreement between the Company and any supplier to the Company during the period of the Participant s employment or (ii) solicit for the 
 12 

Participant s benefit or the benefit of any other person or entity, the employment or services of, or hire or engage, any individual who was employed or engaged by the Company during the period of the Participant s employment. 
 (e) The Participant acknowledges that the Company would suffer irreparable harm if the Participant fails to comply with Paragraph 20 or 21 of this Agreement, and that the Company would be entitled to any appropriate relief, including money damages, equitable relief and attorneys' fees. The Participant further acknowledges that enforcement of the covenants in Paragraph 21 is necessary to ensure the protection and continuity of the business and goodwill of the Company and that, due to the proprietary nature of the Business of the Company, the restrictions set forth in Paragraph 21 are reasonable as to geography, duration and scope. 
 22. Jurisdiction and Venue . 
 The parties agree that enforcement of this Agreement, including any legal actions for breach of this Agreement, may only be brought in a state or federal court located in Oakland County or Wayne County, Michigan, U.S.A. or, at the Company s or Employer s discretion, in the jurisdiction in which the Participant is located. The parties expressly agree that Michigan state and federal courts may properly exercise personal jurisdiction over them in any such litigation, and hereby waive any objections to personal jurisdiction and venue in (a) any Michigan state court located in Wayne County or Oakland County, Michigan (b) the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan or (c) at the Company s or Employer s discretion, in the jurisdiction in which the Participant is located. 
 23. Incorporation by Reference . 
 The terms of the Plan are expressly incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan will govern. 
 24. Governing Law . 
 This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, U.S.A. without reference to any conflict of laws principles thereof. 
 13 

25. Severability . 
 In the event any provision of the Agreement is held unenforceable, illegal or invalid for any reason, the unenforceability, illegality or invalidity will not affect the remaining provisions of the Agreement, and the Agreement will be construed and enforced as if the unenforceable, illegal or invalid provision has not been inserted, and the provisions so held to be invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal shall be reformed to the extent (and only to the extent) necessary to make it enforceable, valid and legal. 
 26. Waiver . 
 The waiver by the Company with respect to the Participant s (or any other participant s) compliance of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by such party of a provision of this Agreement. 
 27. Binding Effect No Third Party Beneficiaries. 
 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Participant, and to each of their respective heirs, representatives, successors and permitted assigns. Neither the terms of this Agreement nor the Plan shall confer any rights or remedies upon any person other than the Company and the Participant and to each of their respective heirs, representatives, successor and permitted assigns. 
 28. Amendment . 
 This Agreement may not be amended, modified, terminated or otherwise altered except by the written consent of Visteon Corporation and the Participant. 
 29. Counterparts . 
 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 14 

ADDENDUM TO THE PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT GRANT AGREEMENT 
 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Addendum have the meanings set forth in the Plan and or in the Agreement. 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 This document (the Addendum includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Performance Stock Units granted under the Plan if the Participant works and or resides in one of the countries or jurisdictions listed below. If the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which the Participant currently is residing and or working, transfers employment and or residency after the Grant Date or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall apply to the Participant (or, in the event of the Participant s relocation, the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate such relocation). 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 This document also includes information regarding certain issues of which the Participant should be aware with respect to the Participant s participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of January 2022. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Participant should not rely on the information noted in this document as the only source of information relating to the consequences of the Participant s participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date by the time the Participant vests in Performance Stock Units or sells shares or Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to the Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure the Participant of a particular result. Accordingly, the Participant should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in the Participant s country may apply to his or her situation. 
 If the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which the Participant currently is residing and or working, transfers employment and or residency after the Grant Date or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the notifications contained herein may not apply to the Participant. 
 European Union EU European Economic Area EEA and the United Kingdom 
 Data Privacy . If the Participant resides and or performs services in the EU EEA or the United Kingdom, Paragraph 12 of the Agreement shall be replaced with the following 
 The Company, with its registered address at One Village Center Drive, Van Buren Township, Michigan 48111, U.S.A., is the controller responsible for the processing of the Participant s personal data by the Company and the third parties noted below. 
 (a) Data Collection and Usage . Pursuant to applicable data protection laws, the Participant is hereby notified that the Company collects, processes and uses certain personally-identifiable information about the Participant for the legitimate interest of implementing, administering and managing the Plan and generally administering equity awards specifically, including the Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, citizenship, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Performance Stock Units, options or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, or outstanding in the Participant s favor, which the Company receives from 
 15 

the Participant or the Employer Personal Data ). In granting the Performance Stock Units under the Plan, the Company will collect Personal Data for purposes of allocating shares of Stock and implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The Company s legal basis for the collection, processing and use of Personal Data is the necessity of the processing for the Company to perform its contractual obligations under this Agreement and the Plan and the Company s legitimate business interests of managing the Plan, administering employee equity awards and complying with its contractual and statutory obligations. 
 
 (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Provider . The Company transfers Personal Data to Fidelity Stock Plan Services, an independent service provider based in the United States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Company may select a different service provider and share Personal Data with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Company s service provider will open an account for the Participant to receive and trade shares of Stock. The Participant will be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the service provider, which is a condition to the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. The processing of Personal Data will take place through both electronic and non-electronic means. Personal Data will only be accessible by those individuals requiring access to it for purposes of implementing, administering and operating the Plan. 
 
 (c) International Data Transfers . The Company and its service providers are based in the United States. The Participant s country or jurisdiction may have different data privacy laws and protections than the United States. For example, an appropriate level of protection can be achieved by implementing safeguards such as the Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the EU Commission. Personal Data will be transferred from the EU EEA to the Company and onward from the Company to any of its service providers based on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses. The Participant may request a copy of such appropriate safeguards by contacting his or her local human resources department. 
 
 (d) Data Retention . The Company will use Personal Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including tax and securities laws. When the Company no longer needs Personal Data, the Company will remove it from its systems. If the Company keeps Personal Data longer, it would be to satisfy legal or regulatory obligations and the Company s legal basis would be for compliance with relevant laws or regulations. 
 
 (e) Data Subject Rights . The Participant may have a number of rights under data privacy laws in the Participant s country. For example, the Participant s rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of Personal Data the Company processes, (ii) request rectification of incorrect Personal Data, (iii) request deletion of Personal Data, (iv) place restrictions on processing of Personal Data, (v) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Participant s country, and or (vi) request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Personal Data. To receive clarification regarding the Participant s rights or to exercise the Participant s rights, the Participant may contact his or her local human resources department. 
 Brazil 
 Form of Settlement. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Final Award shall be settled in the form of a cash payment. 
 Labor Law Acknowledgment . The Participant agrees that (i) the benefits provided under the Agreement and the Plan are the result of commercial transactions unrelated to the Participant s employment (ii) the Agreement and the Plan are not part of the terms and conditions of your employment and (iii) the income 
 16 

from the vesting of the Performance Stock Units, if any, is not part of the Participant s remuneration from employment. 
 Nature of Grant . This provision supplements Section 11 of the Agreement 
 By accepting the Performance Stock Units, the Participant agrees that (i) the Participant is making an investment decision and (ii) the value of the underlying Shares is not fixed and may increase or decrease over the vesting period without compensation to the Participant. 
 Compliance with Law . By participating in the Plan, the Participant agrees to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to pay any and all applicable taxes associated with the vesting of the Performance Stock Units and any cash payment made under the Plan. 
 Bulgaria 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 Canada 
 Form of Settlement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or the Plan, the Performance Stock Units shall be settled only in shares of Stock (and may not be settled in cash). 
 Securities Law Notification . The Participant may not be permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan within Canada. The Participant may only be permitted to sell or dispose of any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan if such sale or disposal takes place outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares of Stock are listed (i.e., the Nasdaq). 
 Forfeiture upon Termination . This provision supplements Section 3(f) of the Agreement 
 For purposes of the Performance Stock Units, the Committee or its delegate may provide that the Participant s termination will occur as of the date the Participant is no longer actually employed or otherwise rendering services to the Employer (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment or other laws or otherwise rendering services or the terms of the Participant s employment or other service agreement, if any). In such case, unless otherwise provided in the Agreement or extended by the Company, the Participant s right to Earn and vest in the Performance Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date (the Termination Date ). The Termination Date will not be extended by any common law notice period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, if applicable employment standards legislation specifically requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, the Participant s right to vest in the Performance Stock Units under the Plan, if any will be allowed to continue for that minimum notice period but then immediately terminate effective as of the last day of the Participant s minimum statutory notice period. In the event the date the Participant is no longer providing actual service cannot be reasonably determined under the terms of the Agreement and or the Plan, the Committee or its delegate shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Performance Stock Units (including whether the Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). Unless the Agreement or applicable employment standards legislation specifically requires, in the case of the Participant, the Participant will not Earn or be entitled to any pro-rated vesting for that portion of time before the date on which his service relationship is terminated (as determined under this provision), nor will the Participant be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 English Language Consent . The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. Les parties reconnaissent avoir express ment souhait que la convention, ainsi que tous les documents, avis et proc dures judiciarise, 
 17 

ex cut s, donn s ou intent s en vertu de, ou li , directement ou indirectement la pr sente convention, soient r dig s en langue anglaise. 
 Data Privacy The following provision supplements Paragraph 12 of the Agreement 
 The Participant hereby authorizes the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or non-professional, involved in the administration of the Plan. The Participant further authorizes the Company, the Employer and its other Subsidiaries or Affiliates to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. The Participant further authorizes the Company, the Employer and any other Subsidiary or Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in the Participant s employee file. 
 China 
 Form of Settlement. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Final Award shall be settled in the form of a cash payment. 
 France 
 Type of Grant. The Performance Stock Units are not granted as French-qualified awards and are not intended to qualify for the special tax and social security treatment applicable to shares granted for no consideration under Sections L. 225-197 to L. 225-197-5 and Sections L. 22-10-59 to L. 22-10-60 of the French Commercial Code, as amended. 
 English Language. The parties to the Agreement acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de la pr sente convention, ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s et proc dures judiciaires intent es, directement ou indirectement, relativement ou suite la pr sente convention. 
 Germany 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 India 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 Japan 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 Mexico 
 Commercial Relationship. The Participant expressly recognizes that the Participant s participation in the Plan and the Company s grant of the Performance Stock Units does not constitute an employment relationship between the Participant and the Company. The Participant has been granted the Performance Stock Units as a consequence of the commercial relationship between the Company and the Company s Subsidiary in Mexico that employs the Participant Visteon-Mexico and Visteon-Mexico is the Participant s sole employer. Based on the foregoing, (a) the Participant expressly recognizes the Plan and the benefits the Participant may derive from the Participant s participation in the Plan does not establish any rights between the Participant and Visteon-Mexico, (b) the Plan and the benefits the Participant may derive from the Participant s participation in the Plan are not part of the employment conditions and or 
 18 

benefits provided by Visteon-Mexico, and (c) any modifications or amendments of the Plan by the Company, or a termination of the Plan by the Company, shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the Participant s employment with Visteon-Mexico. 
 Extraordinary Item of Compensation . The Participant expressly recognizes and acknowledges that the Participant s participation in the Plan is a result of the discretionary and unilateral decision of the Company, as well as the Participant s free and voluntary decision to participate in the Plan in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Agreement and this Addendum. As such, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may, in its sole discretion, amend and or discontinue the Participant s participation in the Plan at any time and without any liability. The value of the Performance Stock Units is an extraordinary item of compensation outside the scope of the Participant s employment contract, if any. The Performance Stock Units are not part of the Participant s regular or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits, or any similar payments, which are the exclusive obligations of Visteon-Mexico. 
 Securities Law Notification . The Performance Stock Units and shares of Stock offered under the Plan have not been registered with the National Register of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. In addition, the Plan, this Agreement and any other document relating to the Performance Stock Units may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. These materials are addressed to the Participant only because of his or her existing relationship with the Company and Visteon-Mexico and these materials should not be reproduced or copied in any form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities but rather constitutes a private placement of securities addressed specifically to individuals who are present employees of Visteon-Mexico made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law, and any rights under such offering shall not be assigned or transferred. 
 Portugal 
 English Language. The Participant hereby expressly declares that he or she has full knowledge of the English language and has read, understood and fully accepts and agrees with the terms and conditions established in the Plan and the Agreement. O Participante, pelo presente instrumento, declara expressamente que tem pleno conhecimento da l ngua inglesa e que leu, compreendeu e livremente aceitou e concordou com os termos e condi es estabelecidas no Plano e do Contrato . 
 Romania 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 Russia 
 Transaction Outside of Russia . The Participant understands that accepting the Performance Stock Units and the terms and conditions of the Agreement will result in a contract between the Participant and the Company completed in the United States and that the Agreement is governed by U.S. law. The Participant understands and acknowledges that any shares of Stock issued under the Plan shall be delivered to the Participant through a brokerage account maintained outside Russia. The Participant understands that the Participant may hold shares of Stock in a brokerage account outside Russia however, in no event will shares of Stock issued to the Participant and or share certificates or other instruments be delivered to the Participant in Russia. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant is not permitted to sell or otherwise transfer the shares of Stock directly to other Russian legal entities or individuals. Finally, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant may sell or otherwise transfer the shares of Stock only outside Russia. 
 19 

Securities Law Information . The Agreement, including these specific provisions for Russia, the Plan and other incidental communication materials distributed in connection with the Plan do not constitute advertising or an offering of securities in Russia. Absent any requirement under Russian law, the issuance of shares of Stock pursuant to the Plan has not and will not be registered in Russia hence, the shares of Stock described in any plan-related documents may not be used for offering or public circulation in Russia. 
 Anti-Corruption Information . Anti-corruption laws prohibit certain public servants, their spouses and their dependent children from owning any foreign source financial instruments (e.g., shares of foreign companies such as the Company). Accordingly, the Participant should inform the Company if he or she is covered by these laws because the Participant should not hold shares of Stock. 
 Slovakia 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 South Korea 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 Spain 
 Acknowledgement of Discretionary Nature of the Plan No Vested Rights . 
 In accepting the grant of Performance Stock Units, the Participant acknowledges that he or she consents to participation in the Plan and has received a copy of the Plan. 
 The Participant understands that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion granted Performance Stock Units under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates on an ongoing basis. Consequently, the Participant understands that the Performance Stock Units are granted on the assumption and condition that the Performance Stock Units and the shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Performance Stock Units shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. In addition, the Participant understands that this grant would not be made to the Participant but for the assumptions and conditions referenced above thus, the Participant acknowledges and freely accepts that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, the grant of the Performance Stock Units shall be null and void. 
 The Participant understands and agrees that, as a condition of the grant of the Performance Stock Units, the Participant s termination of employment for any reason (including the reasons listed below) will automatically result in the loss of the Performance Stock Units to the extent the Performance Stock Units have not vested as of date that the Participant ceases active employment. In particular, unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, the Participant understands and agrees that any unvested Performance Stock Units as of the date the Participant ceases active employment will be forfeited without entitlement to the underlying shares of Stock or to any amount of indemnification in the event of the termination of employment by reason of, but not limited to, resignation, disciplinary dismissal adjudged to be with cause, disciplinary dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without cause, individual or collective dismissal on objective grounds, whether adjudged or recognized to be with or without cause, material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers Statute, relocation under Article 40 of the Workers Statute, Article 50 of the Workers Statute, unilateral withdrawal by the Employer and under Article 10.3 of the Royal Decree 1382 1985. The Participant acknowledges that the 
 20 

Participant has read and specifically accepts the conditions referred to in the Agreement regarding the impact of a termination of employment on the Participant s Performance Stock Units. 
 Securities Law Notification . No offer of securities to the public, as defined under Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory under the Plan. The Plan, the Performance Stock Units, the Agreement, this Addendum and all other materials the Participant may receive regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan have not been nor will they be registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores (Spanish Securities Exchange Commission), and they do not constitute a public offering prospectus. 
 Taiwan 
 Securities Law Information . The Performance Stock Units and any shares of Stock to be issued pursuant to the Plan are available only for employees. The grant of Performance Stock Units is not a public offer of securities by a Taiwanese company. 
 Thailand 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 Tunisia 
 Form of Settlement. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Final Award shall be settled in the form of a cash payment. 
 United Kingdom 
 Withholding of Taxes. Without limitation to Paragraph 6 of the Agreement, the Participant hereby agrees that the Participant is liable for all Tax-Related Items and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax-Related Items, as and when requested by the Company, the Employer or by Her Majesty s Revenue & Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). The Participant also hereby agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and the Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold on the Participant s behalf or have paid or will pay to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is a director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), the Participant may not be able to indemnify the Company or the Employer for the amount of any income tax not collected from or paid by the Participant, as it may be considered a loan. In this case, the amount of any income tax not collected within 90 days after the end of the U.K. tax year in which the event giving rise to the Tax-Related Items occurs may constitute an additional benefit to the Participant on which additional income tax and national insurance contribution may be payable. The Participant understands that the Participant will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Company and or the Employer for the value of any employee national insurance contribution due on this additional benefit, which may be recovered from the Participant s by the Company or the Employer by any of the means referred to in Paragraph 6 of the Agreement. 
 Exclusion of Claim. The Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Participant will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from the Participant ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to Performance Stock Units, whether or not as a result of termination of employment (whether such termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss of diminution in value of the Performance Stock Units. Upon the grant of the Performance Stock Units, the Participant shall be deemed to have waived irrevocably such entitlement. 
 
 21 

22 

</EX-10.3 1>

<EX-10.3 2>
 3
 ex-1032formofrestrictedsto.htm
 EX-10.3 2

Document 
 Ex 10.3.2 

 VISTEON CORPORATION 2020 INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT AGREEMENT 
 Visteon Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), subject to the terms of the Visteon Corporation 2020 Incentive Plan (the Plan and this restricted stock unit agreement (this Agreement ), hereby grants to Participant Name, Global ID Employee ID, (the Participant ), restricted stock units Restricted Stock Units as further described herein. For purposes of this Agreement, Employer means the entity (the Company or a Subsidiary) that employs the Participant. All capitalized words not defined in this Agreement have the meanings assigned to them in the Plan. 
 1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units. 
 The Company hereby grants to the Participant Number of Awards Granted Restricted Stock Units with a grant value of Grant Custom 1 per unit, effective as of Grant Date (the Grant Date under the Plan, and subject to the restrictions set forth in this Agreement. In the event of certain corporate transactions, the number of Restricted Stock Units covered by this Agreement may be adjusted by the Committee as further described in Section 3 of the Plan. Electronic acceptance of this Agreement through the third party designee must be made within 90 days of the Grant Date (by Accept By Date) otherwise the award in its entirety will be forfeited. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units. 
 (a) Unless terminated earlier pursuant to Paragraph 3, during the Participant s continuous employment with the Employer, the Restricted Stock Units will vest in accordance with the following vesting schedule 
 (i) Vesting Date 1 Quantity will vest on Vesting Date 1 
 (ii) Vesting Date 2 Quantity will vest on Vesting Date 2 and 
 (iii) Vesting Date 3 Quantity will vest on Vesting Date 3 
 (b) If a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan) occurs before all of the 
 Restricted Stock Units granted under this Agreement have vested, the following rules will apply, in addition to the vesting provided for in Paragraph 2(a) 
 (i) Unless forfeited earlier pursuant to Paragraph 3, if the Restricted Stock Units are not assumed, converted or replaced by the acquirer or other continuing entity, the outstanding Restricted Stock Units that have not previously vested will become fully vested immediately before the Change in Control. 
 (ii) If (A) the Restricted Stock Units are assumed, converted or replaced by the acquirer or other continuing entity and (B) the Participant s employment is terminated within 24 months following the Change in Control by the Employer without Cause (as defined below) (other than by reason of death or disability) or as otherwise set forth in any change in control agreement, the outstanding Restricted Stock Units that have not previously vested will become fully vested immediately upon the termination of the Participant s employment. 
 3. Termination of Employment. 
 (a) Except as set forth in Paragraph 2(b)(ii) or in the remaining provisions of this 
 Rev. 03 2022 

Paragraph 3, if the Participant s employment with the Employer is terminated for any reason, the Participant will forfeit any and all rights to Restricted Stock Units that have not vested on the termination date, and such Restricted Stock Units will be cancelled. A transfer or assignment of employment to a company that is owned at least 50 directly or indirectly by the Company shall not be deemed a termination of employment solely for purposes of Restricted Stock Units covered by this Agreement. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 3(a), if the Participant is placed on an approved leave of absence, with or without pay, the Restricted Stock Units will vest in accordance with the provisions of Paragraph 2 as if the Participant was actively employed. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 3(a), if the Participant s employment with the Employer is terminated by reason of early retirement (as defined below) or involuntary termination by the Employer without Cause (as defined below), and either (x) the Participant had remained in the employ of the Employer for at least 180 days following the Grant Date, or (y) a Change in Control has occurred before the termination of employment, the Restricted Stock Units that have not previously vested and that do not fully vest upon that termination pursuant to Paragraph 2(b)(ii) will vest on a pro rata basis so that, taking into account the Restricted Stock Units, if any, that have previously vested pursuant to Paragraph 2(a)(i) or pursuant to Paragraphs 2(a)(i) and 2(a)(ii), the percentage of all Restricted Stock Units granted under this Agreement that is vested is equal to 100 multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days from the date of grant to the date of the termination of the Participant s employment, inclusive, and the denominator of which is the number of days from the Grant Date to Vesting Date 3. 
 (d) Notwithstanding the provisions of Paragraph 3(a), if the Participant s employment with the Employer is terminated by reason of disability (for U.S. employees, as defined in the Company s long-term disability plan and for employees outside of the U.S. as determined by the Employer s long-term disability policy or by the Committee or its delegate, in its sole discretion), death, or retirement (as defined below), and either (x) the Participant had remained in the employ of the Employer for at least 180 days following the Grant Date before the termination of the Participant s employment with the Employer, or (y) the Change in Control has occurred before the termination of employment, the Participant will be entitled to 100 of the outstanding units as of the date of the termination of the Participant s employment. 
 (e) For purposes of this Agreement, early retirement shall mean the Participant s voluntary termination of employment either (1) after attaining age 55 and completion of 10 years of continuous service, or (2) after completion of at least 30 years of continuous service, regardless of age. 
 (f) For purposes of this Agreement, retirement shall mean the Participant s voluntary termination of employment after attaining age 60 and completion of 5 years of continuous service. 
 (g) For purposes of this Agreement, the term Cause shall mean (i) the willful and continued failure by the Participant to substantially perform the Participant s duties with the Employer (other than any such failure resulting from the Participant s incapacity due to physical or mental illness) after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the Participant by (A) if the Participant is an executive officer of the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company, or (B) if the Participant is not an executive officer of the Company, the head of the Company s global human resources department, which demand specifically identifies the manner in which the Employer believes that the Participant has not substantially performed the Participant s duties, or (ii) the willful engaging by the Participant in conduct which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the Company or a Subsidiary, monetarily or otherwise. For purposes of clauses (i) and (ii) of this definition, no act, or failure to act, on the 
 2 

Participant s part shall be deemed willful unless done, or omitted to be done, by the Participant not in good faith and without reasonable belief that the Participant s act, or failure to act, was in the best interest of the Company. 
 (h) For purposes of the Restricted Stock Units, the Participant s employment is considered terminated as of the earlier of (a) the date the Participant s employment with the Employer is terminated (b) subject to Paragraph 3(b), the date on which the Participant ceases to provide active service to the Employer or (c) the date on which the Participant receives a notice of termination of employment (in all cases, regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or rendering services or the terms of the Participant s employment or service contract, if any). The Participant s rights to participate in the Plan will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., service would not include any contractual notice or any period of garden leave or period of pay in lieu of such notice required under any employment law in the country where the Participant works or resides (including, but not limited to, statutory law, regulatory law and or common law)). The Committee or its delegate shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 4. Settlement of Vested Units. 
 
 (a) The Participant s vested Restricted Stock Units will be settled upon the earliest to occur of (i) the vesting date applicable to such Restricted Stock Unit as set forth in Paragraph 2(a) above (disregarding any acceleration of the vesting date under Paragraph 2(b) or Paragraph 3 above), (ii) in the case of accelerated vesting under Paragraph 3(d) due to the death of the Participant, as soon as practicable (and in any event within 60 days) following the Participant s date of death, or (iii) in any other case in which the Participant terminates employment and is entitled to accelerated vesting, within ten days thereafter, except to the extent that Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) requires that payment be postponed for six months and one day, or the Participant s earlier death occurring, after the date of the Participant s separation from service (such applicable date, the Settlement Date ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion and to the extent permitted under Treasury Regulation 1.409A3(j)(4)(ix)(B), terminate this Agreement and pay all outstanding Restricted Stock Units to the Participant, on a fully vested and immediately payable basis, on a Settlement Date within 30 days before, upon or within twelve months after Change in Control that constitutes a change in the ownership, a change in the effective control or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (b) Settlement will be made through the delivery of one share of Stock for each vested Restricted Stock Unit, less applicable withholding and brokerage fees associated with the sale of any shares of Stock to pay applicable withholding. Any shares of Stock will be issued in book-entry form, registered in the Participant s name or in the name of the Participant s legal representatives, beneficiaries or heirs, as the case may be. The Company will not deliver any fractional share of Stock and the Committee shall determine, in its discretion, whether cash equal to the Fair Market Value of such fractional share shall be given in lieu of fractional shares or whether some other more administratively feasible mechanism will be utilized. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in certain jurisdictions as stated in the Addendum to this grant agreement, the Committee may direct that in lieu of settlement through delivery of shares of Stock, the Participant s vested Restricted Stock Units will be settled by a single lump sum cash payment equal to the number of vested Restricted Stock Units to be settled multiplied by the Fair Market Value on the Settlement Date of a share of Stock, less applicable withholding taxes. All Restricted Stock Units that have become vested and are settled will be cancelled. 
 (c) The Company may retain the services of a third-party administrator to perform administrative services in connection with the Plan. To the extent the Company has retained such an administrator, any reference to the Company will be deemed to refer to any such third-party 
 3 

administrator retained by the Company, and the Company may require the Participant to exercise the Participant s rights under this Agreement only through such third-party administrator. 
 5. Dividend Equivalents. 
 On each record date during the Grant Date through the Settlement Date, the Participant shall receive, with respect to each Restricted Stock Unit, an additional number of Restricted Stock Units equal to the number that such Participant would have received if the Participant had been the holder of record of one share of Stock and had reinvested any cash dividend paid on such share of Stock into Restricted Stock Units (at the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the later of (i) the date the dividend is paid and (ii) the ex-dividend date) subject to the same terms and conditions as the Restricted Stock Units granted herein. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall dividend equivalents with respect to a Restricted Stock Unit be paid to the Participant unless and until the underlying Restricted Stock Unit vests, and if such Units are forfeited, the Participant shall have no right to such dividend equivalents. 
 6. Responsibility for Taxes Withholding. 
 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company or the Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax (including U.S. federal, state and local taxes and or non-U.S. taxes), social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefit tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by the Participant, or deemed applicable to the Participant, even if technically due by the Company or a Subsidiary, is and remains the Participant s sole responsibility. Furthermore, the Company and the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to this Agreement and the receipt of any dividend equivalents or dividends and (ii) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate the Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items. Further, if the Participant becomes subject to taxation in more than one country between the date the Restricted Stock Units are granted and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one country. 
 (b) The Company and or the Employer may satisfy its obligation to withhold Tax-Related Items associated with the Restricted Stock Units by withholding a number of Restricted Stock Units or shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value, as determined by the Committee, approximately equal to the amount required to be withheld, provided that the withholding rates the Company applies do not exceed the maximum statutory tax rates in the Participant s applicable jurisdiction(s). The Participant shall be deemed to have been issued the full number of shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Stock are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units. The Participant will have no further rights with respect to any shares of Stock that are withheld by the Company pursuant to this provision. The Committee shall determine, in its discretion, whether cash shall be given in lieu of any fractional Restricted Stock Unit remaining after the withholding requirements are satisfied equal to the Fair Market Value of such fractional share or whether some other more administratively feasible mechanism will be utilized. The Participant also authorizes the Company and or the Employer to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items from the Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to the Participant by the Company or Employer or from proceeds of the sale of shares of Stock. Finally, the Participant shall pay to the Company any amount of 
 4 

Tax-Related Items that the Company or Employer may be required to withhold as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. 
 (c) Dividend equivalents paid on Restricted Stock Units are subject to applicable withholding of Tax-Related Items as described in Paragraph 6(b). 
 (d) This Restricted Stock Unit is intended to be excepted from coverage under, or compliant with, the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, and the regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder 409A ). Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provisions of this Agreement or the Plan to the contrary, if the Restricted Stock Unit is subject to the provisions of 409A (and not exempted therefrom), the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan shall be administered, interpreted and construed in a manner necessary to comply with 409A (or disregarded to the extent such provision cannot be so administered, interpreted or construed). If any payment or benefits hereunder may be deemed to constitute nonconforming deferred compensation subject to taxation under the provisions of 409A, the Participant agrees that the Company may, without the consent of the Participant, modify this Agreement to the extent and in the manner the Company deems necessary or advisable in order either to preclude any such payment or benefit from being deemed deferred compensation within the meaning of 409A or to provide such payments or benefits in a manner that complies with the provisions of 409A such that they will not be subject to the imposition of taxes and or interest thereunder. If, at the time of the Participant s separation from service (within the meaning of 409A), (i) the Participant shall be a specified employee (within the meaning of 409A and using the identification methodology selected by the Company from time to time) and (ii) the Company shall make a good faith determination that an amount payable hereunder constitutes deferred compensation (within the meaning of 409A) the settlement of which is required to be delayed pursuant to the six-month delay rule set forth in 409A in order to avoid taxes or penalties under 409A, then the Company shall not settle such amount on the otherwise scheduled settlement date, but shall instead settle it, without interest, on the first business day of the month after such six-month period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representation and or warranties with respect to compliance with 409A, and the Participants recognizes and acknowledges that 409A could potentially impose upon the Participant certain taxes and or interest charges for which the Participant is and shall remain solely responsible. 
 7. Conditions on Award. 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Committee may cancel an award of Restricted Stock Units, and may refuse to settle vested Restricted Stock Units, if before a Change in Control and during the period from the date of the Participant's termination of employment from the Employer to the date of settlement, the Committee determines that the Participant has either (i) refused to be available, upon request, at reasonable times and upon a reasonable basis, to consult with, supply information to and otherwise cooperate with the Company or its Subsidiaries with respect to any matter that was handled by the Participant or under the Participant's supervision while the Participant was in the employ of the Employer or (ii) engaged in any activity in violation of any non-competition and or non-solicitation covenants. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any Restricted Stock Unit granted hereunder will be subject to mandatory repayment by the Participant to the Company to the extent the Participant is, or in the future becomes, subject to (i) any Company claw-back or recoupment policy that is adopted to comply with the requirements of any applicable laws, rules or regulations, or otherwise, or (ii) any applicable laws which impose mandatory recoupment, under circumstances set forth in such applicable laws, including as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or other applicable law, regulation or stock exchange listing requirement, as may be in effect from time to time, and which may operate to create additional rights for the Company with respect to the Restricted Stock Unit and recovery of amounts relating thereto. By 
 5 

accepting this Restricted Stock Unit, the Participant agrees and acknowledges that the Participant is obligated to cooperate with, and provide any and all assistance necessary to, the Company to recover or recoup this Restricted Stock Unit or amounts paid under this Restricted Stock Unit subject to claw-back pursuant to such law, government regulation, stock exchange listing requirement or Company policy. Such cooperation and assistance shall include, but is not limited to, executing, completing and submitting any documentation necessary to recover or recoup this Restricted Stock Unit or amounts paid hereunder from the Participant s accounts, or pending or future compensation awards that may be made to the Participant. 
 8. Non-transferability. 
 The Participant has no right to sell, assign, transfer, pledge, or otherwise alienate the Restricted Stock Units, and any attempted sale, assignment, transfer, pledge or other conveyance will be null and void. 
 9. Securities Law Restrictions. 
 (a) If the Participant is resident outside of the United States, the grant of Restricted Stock Units is not intended to be a public offering of securities in the Participant s country. The Company has not submitted any registration statement, prospectus or other filings with the local securities authorities (unless otherwise required under local law), and this grant of Restricted Stock Units is not subject to the supervision of the local securities authorities. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Committee, in its sole and 
 absolute discretion, may delay transferring shares of Stock to the Participant or the Participant s beneficiary in settlement of vested Restricted Stock Units or may impose restrictions or conditions on the Participant s (or any beneficiary s) ability to directly or indirectly sell, hypothecate, pledge, loan, or otherwise encumber, transfer or dispose of the shares of Stock, if the Committee determines that such action is necessary or desirable for compliance with any applicable state, federal or non-U.S. law, the requirements of any stock exchange on which the shares of Stock is then traded, or is requested by the Company or the underwriters managing any underwritten offering of the Company s securities pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933. 
 10. Limited Interest. 
 (a) The grant of the Restricted Stock Units will not be construed as giving the Participant any interest other than as provided in this Agreement. The Participant s Restricted Stock Units constitutes an unsecured promise by the Company to pay the Participant one share of Stock on the settlement of vested Restricted Stock Units. As the holder of Restricted Stock Units, the Participant has only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company. The Company will credit the Restricted Stock Units to a book-keeping account in the name of the Participant, but no assets of the Company will be held or set aside as security for the obligations of the Company hereunder. The Participant will have no voting rights or any other rights as a shareholder as a result of the grant or vesting of the Restricted Stock Units unless and until shares of Stock are issued in settlement of vested Restricted Stock Units. 
 (b) The grant of the Restricted Stock Units will not affect in any way the right or power of the Company to make or authorize any or all adjustments, recapitalizations, reorganizations, or other changes in the Company s capital structure or its business, or any merger, consolidation or business combination of the Company, or any issuance or modification of any term, condition, or covenant of any bond, debenture, debt, preferred stock or other instrument ahead of or affecting the stock or the rights of the holders thereof, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any 
 6 

part of its assets or business or any other Company act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 
 11. Nature of Grant. 
 In accepting the Restricted Stock Units, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time 
 
 (b) the grant of Restricted Stock Units is a one-time benefit and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, or other benefits in the future, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted repeatedly in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, and their terms and conditions, will be made by the Company, in its sole discretion 
 
 (d) nothing contained in this Agreement is intended to create or enlarge any other contractual obligation between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and the Participant 
 
 (e) the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (f) the grant of the Restricted Stock Units will not confer on the Participant any right to continue as an employee or continue in service of the Employer, nor interfere in any way with the right of the Employer to terminate the Participant's employment at any time 
 
 (g) the grant of Restricted Stock Units will not be interpreted to form an employment or service contract or relationship with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries 
 
 (h) the Restricted Stock Units are extraordinary items that do not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company or any Subsidiary, and are outside the scope of the Participant s employment contract, if any 
 
 (i) the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (j) the Restricted Stock Units are not part of the Participant s normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-services payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits, or similar payments and in no event should they be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to past services for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates 
 
 (k) the future value of the shares of Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (l) in consideration of the Restricted Stock Unit, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from the Restricted Stock Unit resulting from termination of the Participant s employment (for any reason whatsoever) and the Participant irrevocably releases the Company and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates from any such claim that may arise if such claim is found by a court of 
 7 

competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then by signing or electronically accepting this Agreement, the Participant shall be deemed to have waived the Participant s entitlement to pursue such claim 
 
 (m) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of Stock 
 
 (n) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Restricted Stock Units and the shares of Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service the Participant may provide as a director of a Subsidiary and 
 
 (o) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates shall be liable for any change in the value of the Restricted Stock Units, the amount realized upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the amount realized upon a subsequent sale of any shares of Stock acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, resulting from any fluctuation of the United States Dollar local currency foreign exchange rate. 
 12. Data Privacy. 
 The Company and the Employer hold and control certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited to, the Participant s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, tax jurisdiction, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all options, Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares of Stock or units awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant's favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan Data ). 
 The Company and or its Subsidiaries will transfer Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of the Participant s participation in the Plan, and the Company and its Subsidiaries may further transfer Data to any third parties assisting the Company in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. These recipients may be located in the European Economic Area, or elsewhere throughout the world, such as the United States. The Company will protect the Data by insuring that any such recipients have entered into an agreement to hold or process such Data in compliance with the E.U. Model Clauses or similar legislation of the country where the Participant resides, and will receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, solely for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Participant s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and or the subsequent holding of shares of Stock on the Participant s behalf to a broker or other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan. The Participant understands that he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. 
 Further, the Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If the Participant does not consent, or later seeks to revoke the Participant s consent, the Participant s employment status with the Employer will not be affected. The only consequence of refusing or withdrawing consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards to the Participant or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, the Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing the Participant s consent may affect the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of the Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that he or she may contact the Participant s local human resources representative. 
 8 

The Participant may, at any time, exercise the Participant s rights provided under applicable personal data protection laws, which may include the right to (a) obtain confirmation as to the existence of Data, (b) verify the content, origin and accuracy of Data, (c) request the integration, update, amendment, deletion, or blockage (for breach of applicable laws) of Data, (d) oppose, for legal reasons, the collection, processing or transfer of the Data that is not necessary or required for the implementation, administration and or operation of the Plan and the Participant s participation in the Plan, and (e) withdraw the Participant s consent to the collection, processing or transfer of Data as provided hereunder (in which case the Restricted Stock Units will be null and void). The Participant may seek to exercise these rights by contacting the Participant s local human resources representative. 
 Finally, upon request of the Company or the Employer, the Participant agrees to provide an executed data privacy consent form to the Company and or the Employer (or any other agreements or consents that may be required by the Company and or the Employer) that the Company and or the Employer may deem necessary to obtain from the Participant for the purpose of administering the Participant s participation in the Plan in compliance with the data privacy laws in the Participant s country, either now or in the future. The Participant understands and agrees that he or she will not be able to participate in the Plan if the Participant fails to provide any such consent or agreement requested by the Company and or the Employer. 
 13. Insider Trading Market Abuse Laws. 
 By participating in the Plan, the Participant agrees to comply with the Company s policy on insider trading (to the extent that it is applicable to the Participant). The Participant further acknowledges that, depending on the Participant s or the broker s country of residence or where the shares of Stock are listed, the Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws that may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Stock, rights to shares of Stock (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Stock, during such times the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company as defined by the laws or regulations in the Participant s country. Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant places before he or she possessed inside information. Furthermore, the Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. The Participant understands that third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that the Participant should therefore consult his or her personal advisor on this matter. 
 14. Foreign Asset Account Reporting and Exchange Control Requirements. 
 The Participant acknowledges that the Participant s country may have certain foreign asset and or foreign account reporting requirements and exchange controls which may affect the Participant s ability to acquire or hold shares of Stock acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends paid on shares of Stock or sales proceeds from the sale of shares of Stock) in a brokerage or bank account outside the Participant s country. The Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in the Participant s country. The Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of the Participant s participation in the Plan to the Participant s country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. The Participant acknowledges that it is the Participant s responsibility to be compliant with such regulations, and the Participant should consult his or her personal legal advisor for any details. 
 9 

15. Imposition of Other Requirements. 
 The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company or any of its Subsidiaries determine it necessary or advisable to comply with local laws, rules and or regulations or to facilitate the operation and administration of the Restricted Stock Units and the Plan, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. The Participant agrees to take any and all actions, and consents to any and all actions taken by the Company and its Subsidiaries, as may be required to allow the Company and its Subsidiaries to comply with local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country. In addition, the Participant agrees to take any and all actions as may be required to comply with the Participant s personal obligations under local laws, rules and regulations in the Participant s country. 
 16. Addendum. 
 This grant of Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Addendum to this Agreement for the Participant s country of residence or employment, if different. Moreover, if the Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Addendum, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons (or the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate the Participant s relocation). The Addendum constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 17. Electronic Delivery of Award Agreement. 
 The Company, in its sole discretion, may decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 18. Language. 
 The Participant acknowledges that he or she is proficient in the English language, or has consulted with an advisor who is proficient in the English language, so as to enable the Participant to understand the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan. If the Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 19. No Advice Regarding Grant. 
 The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan, or the Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Stock. The Participant should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 20. Confidentiality . 
 (a) The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant s position and employment by the Company has required, and will continue to require, that the Participant have access to, and knowledge of, valuable and sensitive information relating to the Company and its business including, but not limited to, information relating to its products and product development pricing 
 10 

engineering and design specifications trade secrets customers suppliers employees unique and or proprietary software and source code and marketing plans (collectively, Confidential Information ). 
 
 (b) The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant will keep in strict confidence, and will not, directly or indirectly, at any time during or after the Participant s employment with the Company, disclose, furnish, disseminate, make available or use Confidential Information of the Company or its customers or suppliers, without limitation as to when or how the Participant may have acquired such information, other than in the proper performance of the Participant s duties to the Company, unless and until such Confidential Information is or shall become general public knowledge through no fault of the Participant. 
 (c) Nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit the Participant s ability to file a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other U.S. federal, state or local and or non-U.S. governmental agency or commission Government Agencies ). Furthermore, this Agreement does not limit the Participant s ability to communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other Company confidential information, without notice to the Company. This Agreement also does not limit the Participant s right to receive an award for information provided to any Government Agencies. Pursuant to the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, an individual may not be held criminally or civilly liable under any U.S. federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (a) is made (i) in confidence to a U.S. federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (b) is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. Further, an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the employer's trade secrets to the attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the individual (a) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (b) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 21. Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation . 
 (a) For purposes of this Agreement, Competition by the Participant means engaging in, or otherwise directly or indirectly being employed by or acting as a consultant to, or being a director, officer, employee, principal, agent, shareholder, member, owner or partner of, anywhere in the world that competes, directly or indirectly, with the Company in the Business provided, however, it shall not be a violation of this Agreement for the Participant to become the registered or beneficial owner of up to five percent (5 of any class of share of any entity in Competition with the Company that is publicly traded on a recognized domestic or foreign securities exchange, provided that the Participant does not otherwise participate in the Business of such corporation. 
 
 (b) For purposes of this Agreement, Business means the creation, development, manufacture, sale, promotion and distribution of vehicle electronics, transportation components, integrated systems and modules, electronic technology and other products and services that the Company engages in, or is preparing to become engaged in, at the time of the Participant s termination. 
 
 (c) The Participant agrees that, during the Participant s employment and for 12 months after the termination of the Participant s employment by the Participant or by the Employer or Company for any reason other than by reason of involuntary without Cause, the Participant will not directly or indirectly (i) engage in Competition with the Company (ii) solicit for the Participant s benefit or the benefit of any other person or entity, business of the same or of a similar nature to the Business from any customer that is doing business with the Company or that did business with the Company in the six months before the termination of the Participant s employment or (iii) solicit for the Participant s benefit or the benefit of any other person or entity from any known potential customer of the Company, business of the same or of a similar nature to the Business. 
 (d) The Participant agrees that, during the Participant s employment and for 12 months after the termination of the Participant s employment by the Participant or by the Employer or Company for any reason, the Participant will not directly or indirectly (i) interfere with the Business of the Company, 
 11 

including, but not limited to, with respect to any relationship or agreement between the Company and any supplier to the Company during the period of the Participant s employment or (ii) solicit for the Participant s benefit or the benefit of any other person or entity, the employment or services of, or hire or engage, any individual who was employed or engaged by the Company during the period of the Participant s employment. 
 (e) The Participant acknowledges that the Company would suffer irreparable harm if the Participant fails to comply with Paragraph 20 or 21 of this Agreement, and that the Company would be entitled to any appropriate relief, including money damages, equitable relief and attorneys' fees. The Participant further acknowledges that enforcement of the covenants in Paragraph 21 is necessary to ensure the protection and continuity of the business and goodwill of the Company and that, due to the proprietary nature of the Business of the Company, the restrictions set forth in Paragraph 21 are reasonable as to geography, duration and scope. 
 22. Jurisdiction and Venue . 
 The parties agree that enforcement of this Agreement, including any legal actions for breach of this Agreement, may only be brought in a state or federal court located in Oakland County or Wayne County, Michigan, U.S.A. or, at Company s or Employer s discretion, in the jurisdiction in which the Participant is located. The parties expressly agree that Michigan state and federal courts may properly exercise personal jurisdiction over them in any such litigation, and hereby waive any objections to personal jurisdiction and venue in (a) any Michigan state court located in Wayne County or Oakland County, Michigan (b) the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan or (c) at the Company s or Employer s discretion, in the jurisdiction in which the Participant is located. 
 23. Incorporation by Reference. 
 The terms of the Plan are expressly incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan will govern. 
 24. Governing Law. 
 This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, U.S.A., without reference to any conflict of laws principles thereof. 
 25. Severability. 
 If any provision of the Agreement is held unenforceable, illegal or invalid for any reason, the unenforceability, illegality or invalidity will not affect the remaining provisions of the Agreement, and the Agreement is to be construed and enforced as if the unenforceable, illegal or invalid provision has not been inserted, and the provisions so held to be invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal shall be reformed to the extent (and only to the extent) necessary to make it enforceable, valid and legal. 
 26. Waiver . 
 The waiver by the Company with respect to the Participant s (or any other participant s) compliance of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by such party of a provision of this Agreement. 
 27. Binding Effect No Third Party Beneficiaries. 
 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and the Participant, and to each of their respective heirs, representatives, successors and permitted assigns. Neither the terms of this Agreement nor the Plan shall confer any rights or remedies upon any person 
 12 

other than the Company and the Participant and to each of their respective heirs, representatives, successor and permitted assigns. 
 28. Amendment. 
 This Agreement may not be amended, modified, terminated or otherwise altered except by the written consent of Visteon Corporation and the Participant. 
 29. Counterparts. 
 This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 
 13 

ADDENDUM TO THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT AGREEMENT 
 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Addendum have the meanings set forth in the Plan and or in the Agreement. 
 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 This document (the Addendum includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units granted under the Plan if the Participant works and or resides in one of the countries or jurisdictions listed below. If the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which the Participant currently is residing and or working, transfers employment and or residency after the Grant Date or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall apply to the Participant (or, in the event of the Participant s relocation, the Company may establish alternative terms and conditions as may be necessary or advisable to accommodate such relocation). 
 NOTIFICATIONS 
 This document also includes information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which the Participant should be aware with respect to the Participant s participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of January 2022. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Participant should not rely on the information noted in this document as the only source of information relating to the consequences of the Participant s participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date by the time the Participant vests in Restricted Stock Units or sells shares or Stock acquired under the Plan. 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to the Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure the Participant of a particular result. Accordingly, the Participant should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in the Participant s country may apply to his or her situation. 
 If the Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which the Participant currently is residing and or working, transfers employment and or residency after the Grant Date or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the notifications contained herein may not apply to the Participant. 
 European Union EU European Economic Area EEA and the United Kingdom 
 
 Data Privacy . If the Participant resides and or performs services in the EU EEA or the United Kingdom, Paragraph 12 of the Agreement shall be replaced with the following 
 The Company, with its registered address at One Village Center Drive, Van Buren Township, Michigan 48111, U.S.A., is the controller responsible for the processing of the Participant s personal data by the Company and the third parties noted below. 
 (a) Data Collection and Usage . Pursuant to applicable data protection laws, the Participant is hereby notified that the Company collects, processes and uses certain personally-identifiable information about the Participant for the legitimate interest of implementing, administering and managing the Plan and generally administering equity awards specifically, including the Participant s name, home address, email address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, citizenship, job title, any shares of Stock or directorships held in the Company, and details of all Restricted Stock Units, options or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, or outstanding in the Participant s favor, which the Company receives from the Participant or the Employer Personal Data ). In granting the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, the Company will collect Personal Data for purposes of allocating shares of Stock and 
 14 

implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The Company s legal basis for the collection, processing and use of Personal Data is the necessity of the processing for the Company to perform its contractual obligations under this Agreement and the Plan and the Company s legitimate business interests of managing the Plan, administering employee equity awards and complying with its contractual and statutory obligations. 
 
 (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Provider . The Company transfers Personal Data to Fidelity Stock Plan Services, an independent service provider based in the United States, which assists the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Company may select a different service provider and share Personal Data with another company that serves in a similar manner. The Company s service provider will open an account for the Participant to receive and trade shares of Stock. The Participant will be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the service provider, which is a condition to the Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. The processing of Personal Data will take place through both electronic and non-electronic means. Personal Data will only be accessible by those individuals requiring access to it for purposes of implementing, administering and operating the Plan. 
 
 (c) International Data Transfers . The Company and its service providers are based in the United States. The Participant s country or jurisdiction may have different data privacy laws and protections than the United States. For example, an appropriate level of protection can be achieved by implementing safeguards such as the Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the EU Commission. Personal Data will be transferred from the EU EEA to the Company and onward from the Company to any of its service providers based on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses. The Participant may request a copy of such appropriate safeguards by contacting his or her local human resources department. 
 
 (d) Data Retention . The Company will use Personal Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Participant s participation in the Plan or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including tax and securities laws. When the Company no longer needs Personal Data, the Company will remove it from its systems. If the Company keeps Personal Data longer, it would be to satisfy legal or regulatory obligations and the Company s legal basis would be for compliance with relevant laws or regulations. 
 
 (e) Data Subject Rights . The Participant may have a number of rights under data privacy laws in the Participant s country. For example, the Participant s rights may include the right to (i) request access or copies of Personal Data the Company processes, (ii) request rectification of incorrect Personal Data, (iii) request deletion of Personal Data, (iv) place restrictions on processing of Personal Data, (v) lodge complaints with competent authorities in the Participant s country, and or (vi) request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Personal Data. To receive clarification regarding the Participant s rights or to exercise the Participant s rights, the Participant may contact his or her local human resources department. 
 Brazil 
 
 Form of Settlement. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in the form of a cash payment. 
 Labor Law Acknowledgment . The Participant agrees that (i) the benefits provided under the Agreement and the Plan are the result of commercial transactions unrelated to the Participant s employment (ii) the Agreement and the Plan are not part of the terms and conditions of the Participant s employment and (iii) 
 15 

the income from the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, if any, is not part of the Participant s remuneration from employment. 
 
 Nature of Grant . This provision supplements Section 11 of the Agreement 
 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, the Participant agrees that (i) the Participant is making an investment decision and (ii) the value of the underlying Shares is not fixed and may increase or decrease over the vesting period without compensation to the Participant. 
 
 Compliance with Law . By participating in the Plan, the Participant agrees to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to pay any and all applicable taxes associated with the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and any cash payment made under the Plan. 
 Bulgaria 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 
 Canada 
 
 Form of Settlement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement or the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled only in shares of Stock (and may not be settled in cash). 
 Securities Law Notification . The Participant may not be permitted to sell shares of Stock acquired under the Plan within Canada. The Participant may only be permitted to sell or dispose of any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan if such sale or disposal takes place outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the shares of Stock are listed (i.e., the Nasdaq). 
 Forfeiture upon Termination . This provision supplements Section 3 of the Agreement 
 For purposes of the Restricted Stock Units, the Committee or its delegate may provide that the Participant s termination will occur as of the date the Participant is no longer actually employed or otherwise rendering services to the Employer (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment or other laws or otherwise rendering services or the terms of the Participant s employment or other service agreement, if any). In such case, unless otherwise provided in the Agreement or extended by the Company, the Participant s right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date (the Termination Date ). The Termination Date will not be extended by any common law notice period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, if applicable employment standards legislation specifically requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, the Participant s right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any will be allowed to continue for that minimum notice period but then immediately terminate effective as of the last day of the Participant s minimum statutory notice period. In the event the date the Participant is no longer providing actual service cannot be reasonably determined under the terms of the Agreement and or the Plan, the Committee or its delegate shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units (including whether the Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). Unless the Agreement or applicable employment standards legislation specifically requires, in the case of the Participant, the Participant will not earn or be entitled to any pro-rated vesting for that portion of time before the date on which his service relationship is terminated (as determined under this provision), nor will the Participant be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 English Language Consent . The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. Les parties reconnaissent avoir express ment souhait que la convention, ainsi que tous les documents, avis et proc dures judiciarise, 
 16 

ex cut s, donn s ou intent s en vertu de, ou li , directement ou indirectement la pr sente convention, soient r dig s en langue anglaise. 
 Data Privacy . The following provision supplements Paragraph 12 of the Agreement 
 
 The Participant hereby authorizes the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or non-professional, involved in the administration of the Plan. The Participant further authorizes the Company, the Employer and its other Subsidiaries or Affiliates to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. The Participant further authorizes the Company, the Employer and any other Subsidiary or Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in the Participant s employee file. 
 China 
 Form of Settlement. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in the form of a cash payment. 
 France 
 Type of Grant. The Restricted Stock Units are not granted as French-qualified awards and are not intended to qualify for the special tax and social security treatment applicable to shares granted for no consideration under Sections L. 225-197 to L. 225-197-5 and Sections L. 22-10-59 to L. 22-10-60 of the French Commercial Code, as amended. 
 English Language. The parties to the Agreement acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de la pr sente convention, ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s et proc dures judiciaires intent es, directement ou indirectement, relativement ou suite la pr sente convention. 
 Germany 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 Hungary 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 India 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 Japan 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 Mexico 
 Commercial Relationship. The Participant expressly recognizes that the Participant s participation in the Plan and the Company s grant of the Restricted Stock Units does not constitute an employment relationship between the Participant and the Company. The Participant has been granted the Restricted Stock Units as a consequence of the commercial relationship between the Company and the Company s Subsidiary in Mexico that employs the Participant Visteon-Mexico and Visteon-Mexico is the Participant s sole employer. Based on the foregoing, (a) the Participant expressly recognizes the Plan and 
 17 

the benefits the Participant may derive from the Participant s participation in the Plan does not establish any rights between the Participant and Visteon-Mexico, (b) the Plan and the benefits the Participant may derive from the Participant s participation in the Plan are not part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by Visteon-Mexico, and (c) any modifications or amendments of the Plan by the Company, or a termination of the Plan by the Company, shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the Participant s employment with Visteon-Mexico. 
 Extraordinary Item of Compensation . The Participant expressly recognizes and acknowledges that the Participant s participation in the Plan is a result of the discretionary and unilateral decision of the Company, as well as the Participant s free and voluntary decision to participate in the Plan in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Agreement and this Addendum. As such, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may, in its sole discretion, amend and or discontinue the Participant s participation in the Plan at any time and without any liability. The value of the Restricted Stock Units is an extraordinary item of compensation outside the scope of the Participant s employment contract, if any. The Restricted Stock Units are not part of the Participant s regular or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits, or any similar payments, which are the exclusive obligations of Visteon-Mexico. 
 Securities Law Notification . The Restricted Stock Units and shares of Stock offered under the Plan have not been registered with the National Register of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. In addition, the Plan, this Agreement and any other document relating to the Restricted Stock Units may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. These materials are addressed to the Participant only because of his or her existing relationship with the Company and Visteon-Mexico and these materials should not be reproduced or copied in any form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities but rather constitutes a private placement of securities addressed specifically to individuals who are present employees of Visteon-Mexico made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law, and any rights under such offering shall not be assigned or transferred. 
 Portugal 
 English Language. The Participant hereby expressly declares that he or she has full knowledge of the English language and has read, understood and fully accepts and agrees with the terms and conditions established in the Plan and the Agreement. O Participante, pelo presente instrumento, declara expressamente que tem pleno conhecimento da l ngua inglesa e que leu, compreendeu e livremente aceitou e concordou com os termos e condi es estabelecidas no Plano e do Contrato . 
 Romania 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 Russia 
 Transaction Outside of Russia . The Participant understands that accepting the Restricted Stock Units and the terms and conditions of the Agreement will result in a contract between the Participant and the Company completed in the United States and that the Agreement is governed by U.S. law. The Participant understands and acknowledges that any shares of Stock issued under the Plan shall be delivered to the Participant through a brokerage account maintained outside Russia. The Participant understands that the Participant may hold shares of Stock in a brokerage account outside Russia however, in no event will shares of Stock issued to the Participant and or share certificates or other instruments be delivered to the Participant in Russia. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant is not permitted to sell or otherwise transfer the shares of Stock directly to other Russian legal entities or individuals. Finally, the 
 18 

Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant may sell or otherwise transfer the shares of Stock only outside Russia. 
 Securities Law Information . The Agreement, including these specific provisions for Russia, the Plan and other incidental communication materials distributed in connection with the Plan do not constitute advertising or an offering of securities in Russia. Absent any requirement under Russian law, the issuance of shares of Stock pursuant to the Plan has not and will not be registered in Russia hence, the shares of Stock described in any plan-related documents may not be used for offering or public circulation in Russia. 
 Anti-Corruption Information . Anti-corruption laws prohibit certain public servants, their spouses and their dependent children from owning any foreign source financial instruments (e.g., shares of foreign companies such as the Company). Accordingly, the Participant should inform the Company if he or she is covered by these laws because the Participant should not hold shares of Stock. 
 Slovakia 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 South Korea 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 Spain 
 Acknowledgement of Discretionary Nature of the Plan No Vested Rights . 
 
 In accepting the grant of Restricted Stock Units, the Participant acknowledges that he or she consents to participation in the Plan and has received a copy of the Plan. 
 
 The Participant understands that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion granted Restricted Stock Units under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates throughout the world. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates on an ongoing basis. Consequently, the Participant understands that the Restricted Stock Units are granted on the assumption and condition that the Restricted Stock Units and the shares of Stock acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. In addition, the Participant understands that this grant would not be made to the Participant but for the assumptions and conditions referenced above thus, the Participant acknowledges and freely accepts that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, the grant of the Restricted Stock Units shall be null and void. 
 
 The Participant understands and agrees that, as a condition of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the Participant s termination of employment for any reason (including the reasons listed below) will automatically result in the loss of the Restricted Stock Units to the extent the Restricted Stock Units have not vested as of date that the Participant ceases active employment. In particular, unless otherwise provided in the Agreement, the Participant understands and agrees that any unvested Restricted Stock Units as of the date the Participant ceases active employment will be forfeited without entitlement to the underlying shares of Stock or to any amount of indemnification in the event of the termination of employment by reason of, but not limited to, resignation, disciplinary dismissal adjudged to be with cause, disciplinary dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without cause, individual or collective dismissal on objective grounds, whether adjudged or recognized to be with or without cause, material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers Statute, relocation under Article 40 of the Workers Statute, Article 50 of the Workers Statute, unilateral withdrawal by the 
 19 

Employer and under Article 10.3 of the Royal Decree 1382 1985. The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has read and specifically accepts the conditions referred to in the Agreement regarding the impact of a termination of employment on the Participant s Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 Securities Law Notification . No offer of securities to the public, as defined under Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory under the Plan. The Plan, the Restricted Stock Units, the Agreement, this Addendum and all other materials the Participant may receive regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan have not been nor will they be registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores (Spanish Securities Exchange Commission), and they do not constitute a public offering prospectus. 
 Taiwan 
 Securities Law Information . The Restricted Stock Units and any shares of Stock to be issued pursuant to the Plan are available only for employees. The grant of Restricted Stock Units is not a public offer of securities by a Taiwanese company. 
 Thailand 
 No country-specific provisions. 
 Tunisia 
 Form of Settlement. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in the form of a cash payment. 
 United Kingdom 
 Withholding of Taxes. Without limitation to Paragraph 6 of the Agreement, the Participant hereby agrees that the Participant is liable for all Tax-Related Items and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax-Related Items, as and when requested by the Company, the Employer or by Her Majesty s Revenue & Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). The Participant also hereby agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and the Employer against any Tax-Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold on the Participant s behalf or have paid or will pay to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is a director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), the Participant may not be able to indemnify the Company or the Employer for the amount of any income tax not collected from or paid by the Participant, as it may be considered a loan. In this case, the amount of any income tax not collected within 90 days after the end of the U.K. tax year in which the event giving rise to the Tax-Related Items occurs may constitute an additional benefit to the Participant on which additional income tax and national insurance contribution may be payable. The Participant understands that the Participant will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Company and or the Employer for the value of any employee national insurance contribution due on this additional benefit, which may be recovered from the Participant s by the Company or the Employer by any of the means referred to in Paragraph 6 of the Agreement. 
 Exclusion of Claim. The Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Participant will have no entitlement to compensation or damages insofar as such entitlement arises or may arise from the Participant ceasing to have rights under or to be entitled to Restricted Stock Units, whether or not as a result of termination of employment (whether such termination is in breach of contract or otherwise), or from the loss of diminution in value of the Restricted Stock Units. Upon the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the Participant shall be deemed to have waived irrevocably such entitlement. 
 
 20 

21 

</EX-10.3 2>

<EX-10.9 1>
 4
 ex-10912022scheduleidentif.htm
 EX-10.9 1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.9.1 

 Schedule identifying substantially identical agreements, between Visteon Corporation Visteon and each of the persons named below, to the Change in Control Agreement constituting Exhibit 10.9 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Visteon for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name Brett D. Pynnonen Joao Paulo Ribeiro Jerome J. Rouquet 
 Kristin E. Trecker Robert R. Vallance 

</EX-10.9 1>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex-2112022subsidiariesofvi.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF VISTEON CORPORATION AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Organization Jurisdiction SunGlas, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Fairlane Holdings, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Visteon Climate Control Systems Limited Delaware, U.S.A. ARS, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Visteon Domestic Holdings, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Visteon Electronics Corporation Delaware, U.S.A. Visteon Global Electronics, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Changchun Visteon FAWAY Automotive Electronics Co., Ltd. China Visteon European Electronics, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Visteon Electronics Slovakia, s.r.o. Slovakia Visteon Electronics Bulgaria EOOD Bulgaria Visteon Electronics Spain, S.L. Spain Shanghai Visteon Automotive Electronics Co. Ltd. China Shanghai Visteon Electronics Technology Co. Ltd. China Visteon Automotive Electronics (Chongqing) Co., Ltd. China Visteon Trading (Chongqing) Co. Ltd. China Visteon Global Technologies, Inc. Michigan, U.S.A. Visteon German Holdings, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Visteon Holdings GmbH Germany Visteon Electronics Germany GmbH Germany Visteon Global Treasury, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Visteon International Business Development, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Visteon International Holdings, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Visteon Asia Holdings, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Visteon Canada Inc. Canada Visteon Caribbean, Inc. Puerto Rico Visteon S.A. Argentina Visteon European Holdings, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Visteon Automotive Holdings, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Visteon Holdings, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Grupo Visteon, S.de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Aeropuerto Sistemas Automotrices S.de R.L de C.V. Mexico Altec Electronica Chihuahua, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Carplastic S.A. de C.V. Mexico Visteon de Mexico S. de R.L. Mexico 

Visteon Financial, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Visteon Holdings France SAS France Visteon Electronics France France Visteon Electronics Tunisia Tunisia Autronic S.A. Tunisia Visteon Software Technologies SAS France Visteon Holdings Hungary Kft Hungary VEHC, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Visteon Finance Limited United Kingdom Visteon Portuguesa, Ltd. Bermuda VIHI, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Brasil Holdings Ltda. Brazil Visteon Sistemas Automotivos Ltda. Brazil Visteon Brasil Trading Company Ltd. Bermuda Taiwan Visteon Automotive Electronics LLC Taiwan Visteon Adminisztracios Hungary Kft Hungary Visteon Amazonas Ltda. Brazil Visteon Technical & Services Centre Private Limited India Allgo Systems, Inc. Delaware, U.S.A. Visteon Automotive Electronics (Thailand) Limited Thailand Visteon Electronics Rus Russia Visteon Climate Holdings 1, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Visteon Climate Holdings (Hong Kong), Ltd. Hong Kong Visteon Electronics Korea Ltd. S. Korea Visteon Electronics Romania S.R.L. Romania Visteon Engineering Services Limited United Kingdom Visteon Engineering Services Pension Trustees Ltd United Kingdom Visteon EU Holdings, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Visteon Innovation & Technology GmbH Germany Visteon International Holdings (Hong Kong), Ltd. Hong Kong Visteon Asia Pacific, Inc. China Visteon Japan, Ltd. Japan Visteon Netherland Holdings Cooperatief I U.A. Netherlands Visteon Electronics India Private Limited India Visteon Automotive (India) Private Ltd. India Yanfeng Visteon Automotive Electronics Co., Ltd. China Visteon LA Holdings Corp. Delaware, U.S.A. 

Visteon Systems, LLC Delaware, U.S.A. Visteon AC Holdings Corp. Delaware, U.S.A. 
 Subsidiaries not shown by name in the above list, if considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex-231consentofindependent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements No. 333-240184 and No. 333-169695 on Form S-8 of our report dated February 16, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Visteon Corporation and the effectiveness of Visteon Corporation's internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Detroit, Michigan 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 7
 ex-232consentofindependent.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 
 Exhibit 23.2 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement Form S-8 No. 333-240184 pertaining to the 2020 Incentive Plan of Visteon Corporation, 
 (2) Registration Statement Form S-8 No. 333-169695 pertaining to the 2010 Incentive Plan of Visteon Corporation 
 
 of our report dated February 17, 2022, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Visteon Corporation and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Visteon Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Detroit, Michigan 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-24.1>
 8
 ex-2412022powersofattorney.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 

Exhibit 24.1 

VISTEON CORPORATION 
 Certificate of Secretary 
 The undersigned, Heidi A. Sepanik, Secretary of VISTEON CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that the following resolutions were adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company at a meeting on February 9, 2023, and that the same are in full force and effect 
 
 BE IT HEREBY RESOLVED, that preparation of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the 10-K Report ), including exhibits and other documents, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, be and hereby is in all respects authorized and approved that the draft 10-K Report be and hereby is approved in all respects that the directors and appropriate officers of the Company, and each of them, be and hereby are authorized to sign and execute in their own behalf, or in the name and on behalf of the Company, or both, as the case may be, the 10-K Report, and any and all amendments thereto, with such changes therein as such directors and officers may deem necessary, appropriate or desirable, as conclusively evidenced by their execution thereof and that the appropriate officers of the Company, and each of them, be and hereby are authorized to cause the 10-K Report and any such amendments, so executed, to be filed with the Commission. 
 
 FURTHER RESOLVED, that each officer and director who may be required to sign and execute the 10-K Report or any amendment thereto or document in connection therewith (whether in the name and on behalf of the Company, or as an officer or director of the Company, or otherwise), be and hereby is authorized to execute a power of attorney appointing J. J. Rouquet, B. D. Pynnonen and A. S. Fleming, and each of them, severally, his or her true and lawful attorney or attorneys to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any such capacity, the 10-K Report and any and all amendments thereto and documents in connection therewith, and to file the same with the Commission, each of said attorneys to have power to act with or without the other, and to have full power and authority to do and perform in the name and on behalf of each of said officers and directors who shall have executed such power of attorney, every act whatsoever which such attorneys, or any of them, may deem necessary, appropriate or desirable to be done in connection therewith as fully and to all intents and purposes as such officers or directors might or could do in person. 
 
 WITNESS my hand as of this 16 th day of February, 2023. 
 
 s Heidi A. Sepanik 
 Heidi A. Sepanik 
 Secretary 
 
 (SEAL) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY WITH RESPECT TO 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K OF 
 VISTEON CORPORATION FOR 
 THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Each of the undersigned, a director or officer of VISTEON CORPORATION, appoints each of J. J. Rouquet, B. D. Pynnonen and A. S. Fleming as his or her true and lawful attorney and agent to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which the attorney and agent may deem necessary or advisable in order to enable VISTEON CORPORATION to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and any requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, in connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of VISTEON CORPORATION for the year ended December 31, 2022, and any and all amendments thereto, including, but not limited to, power and authority to sign his or her name (whether on behalf of VISTEON CORPORATION, or as a director or officer of VISTEON CORPORATION, or by attesting the seal of VISTEON CORPORATION, or otherwise) to such instruments and to such Annual Report and any amendments thereto, and to file them with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The undersigned ratifies and confirms all that any of the attorneys and agents shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Any one of the attorneys and agents shall have, and may exercise, all the powers conferred by this instrument. 
 Each of the undersigned has signed his or her name as of the 16 th day of February, 2023 
 
 Signature Name 
 Position 
 s Sachin S. Lawande 
 Sachin S. Lawande 
 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 s Jerome J. Rouquet 
 Jerome J. Rouquet 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 s Abigail S. Fleming 
 Abigail S. Fleming 
 Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 s James J. Barrese 
 James J. Barrese 
 Director 
 s Naomi M. Bergman 
 Naomi M. Bergman 
 Director 
 s Jeffrey D. Jones 
 Jeffrey D. Jones 
 Director 
 s Bunsei Kure 
 Bunsei Kure 
 Director 
 s Joanne M. Maguire 
 Joanne M. Maguire 
 Director 
 s Robert J. Manzo 
 Robert J. Manzo 
 Director 
 s Francis M. Scricco 
 Francis M. Scricco 
 Director 
 s David L. Treadwell 
 David L. Treadwell 
 Director 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 ex-3112022rule13ax14acerti.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 
 
 I, Sachin S. Lawande, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Visteon Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

Exhibit 31.1 

 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 16, 2023 
 
 s Sachin S. Lawande 
 Sachin S. Lawande 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 ex-3122022rule13ax14acerti.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 
 
 I, Jerome J. Rouquet, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Visteon Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 
 s Jerome J. Rouquet 
 Jerome J. Rouquet 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 ex-3212022section1350certi.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SS.1350 
 AND EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(b) 

Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. ss.1350 and Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), I, the undersigned President and Chief Executive Officer of Visteon Corporation (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

_ s Sachin S. Lawande __ 
 Sachin S. Lawande 
 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 ex-3222022section1350certi.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SS.1350 
 AND EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(b) 

Solely for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. ss.1350 and Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), I, the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of Visteon Corporation (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

s Jerome J. Rouquet 
 Jerome J. Rouquet 
 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 vc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 vc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 vc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 vc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 vc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

