<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_101382_0001564590-23-002256.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>67054709</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>379397</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3379456</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>30178675</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5551925</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>26009781</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-23-002256.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223090223
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-23-002256
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		132
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UMB FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000101382
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				430903811
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38481
		FILM NUMBER:		23656372

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1010 GRAND AVE
		CITY:			KANSAS CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			64106
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8168607000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1010 GRAND AVE
		CITY:			KANSAS CITY
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			64106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNITED MISSOURI BANCSHARES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MISSOURI BANCSHARES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710915

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-23-002256.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 umbf-10k_20221231.htm
 UMBF 2022 10-K

umbf-10k_20221231.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended: 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code): ) 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issues its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements . 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of common stock outstanding held by nonaffiliates of the registrant was approximately based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on that date. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class 
 
 Outstanding at February 16, 2023 

Common Stock, 1.00 Par Value 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

INDEX 

PART I 
 
 3 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 3 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 11 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 20 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 20 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 21 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 21 

PART II 
 
 22 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 22 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 24 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 48 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 56 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 126 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 126 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 128 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 128 

PART III 
 
 128 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 128 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 128 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 128 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 129 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 129 

PART IV 
 
 130 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 130 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 131 

SIGNATURES 
 
 132 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 General 
 UMB Financial Corporation (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise, the Company) is a financial holding company that is headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri. The Company provides banking services and asset servicing to its customers in the United States and around the globe. 
 The Company was organized as a corporation under Missouri law in 1967 and is registered as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA) and a financial holding company under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, as amended (the GLBA). The Company currently owns all of the outstanding stock of one national bank and several nonbank subsidiaries. 
 The Company s national bank, UMB Bank, National Association (the Bank), has its principal office in Missouri and also has branches in Arizona, Colorado, Illinois, Kansas, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Texas. The Bank offers a full complement of banking products and other services to commercial, retail, government, and correspondent-bank customers, including a wide range of asset-management, trust, bankcard, and cash-management services. 
 The Company also owns UMB Fund Services, Inc. (UMBFS), which is a significant nonbank subsidiary that has offices in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania, and Ogden, Utah. UMBFS provides fund accounting, transfer agency, and other services to mutual fund and alternative-investment groups. 
 Prior to March 31, 2021, the Company also owned Prairie Capital Management, LLC (PCM), which provided investment management services and alternative investments in hedge funds and private equity funds. The Company sold its membership interests in PCM during the first quarter of 2021. 
 COVID-19 
 
 For over two years, the Company has experienced the impacts of the COVID-19 global pandemic (the COVID-19 pandemic, or the pandemic). Such impacts have included significant volatility in the global stock and fixed income markets, the enactment of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) and the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, both authorizing the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) administered by the Small Business Administration, and a variety of rulings from the Company s banking regulators. 
 
 The Company continues to actively monitor developments related to COVID-19 and its impact to its business, customers, employees, counterparties, vendors, and service providers. The COVID-19 pandemic has necessitated certain actions related to the way the Company operates its business. The Company is carefully monitoring the activities of its vendors and other third-party service providers to mitigate the risks associated with any potential service disruptions. The length of time the Company may be required to operate under such circumstances and future degrees of disruption remain uncertain. While the Company has not experienced material adverse disruptions to its internal operations due to the pandemic, it continues to review evolving risks and developments. 
 
 Business Segments 
 The Company s products and services are grouped into three segments: Commercial Banking, Institutional Banking, and Personal Banking. 
 These segments and their financial results are described in detail in (i) the section of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations entitled Business Segments , which can be found in Part II, Item 7 of this report and (ii) Note 12, Business Segment Reporting, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which can be found in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 3 

Competition 
 The Company faces intense competition in each of its business segments and in all of the markets and geographic regions that the Company serves. Competition comes from both traditional and non-traditional financial-services providers, including banks, savings associations, finance companies, investment advisors, asset managers, mutual funds, private-equity firms, hedge funds, brokerage firms, mortgage-banking companies, credit-card companies, insurance companies, trust companies, securities processing companies, and credit unions. Increasingly, financial-technology (fintech) companies are partnering with financial-services providers to compete with the Company for lending, payments, and other business. Many of the Company s competitors are not subject to the same kind or degree of supervision and regulation as the Company. 
 Competition is based on a number of factors. Banking customers are generally influenced by convenience, interest rates and pricing, personal experience, quality and availability of products and other services, lending limits, transaction execution, and reputation. Investment advisory services compete primarily on returns, expenses, third-party ratings, and the reputation and performance of managers. Asset servicing competes primarily on price, quality of services, and reputation. The Company and its competitors are all impacted to varying degrees by the overall economy and health of the financial markets. 
 The Company s ability to successfully compete in its chosen markets and regions also depends on its ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented employees, to invest in technology and infrastructure, and to innovate, all while effectively managing its expenses. The Company expects that competition will likely intensify in the future. 
 Human Capital 
 The Company is dedicated to creating the Unparalleled Customer Experience, and its associates are critical to achieving this mission. As part of the Company s efforts to recruit and retain top talent, it strives to offer competitive compensation and benefits programs, while fostering a culture rooted in inclusion of a diverse mix of associates who are empowered to be part of something more. The Company believes its associates, customers, and communities mutually benefit by its focus on providing opportunities for its associates to make an impact at work and in its communities. On a full-time equivalent basis at December 31, 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries employed 3,770 associates across the country. 
 Compensation and Benefits Program . The Company s compensation program is designed to allow it to attract, reward, and retain talented individuals who contribute significant value to the organization. The Company s compensation programs reward performance, reserving the highest rewards for the highest performers. The Company s incentive plans are intended to promote the interests of the Company and its shareholders by providing associates with incentives and rewards to encourage them to continue in service of the Company. The Company provides employees with compensation packages that include base salary, annual short-term incentive bonuses, and long-term equity awards tied to management, growth, and protection of the business of the Company. In addition to cash and equity compensation, the Company offers a robust benefits program that includes medical, dental, and vision insurance, health savings accounts and a variety of insurance options, including pet, life, and long-term care. Additionally, the Company also offers associates benefits including paid time off, paid volunteer time off, paid parental leave, adoption assistance, a 401(k) plan, as well as profit sharing and an employee stock ownership plan. The Company strives to engage and encourage associates to act and take personal responsibility for improving their health and well-being, as well as the health and well-being of their families. To assist associates with their goals, the Company offers wellness incentives and wellness coaches for strategic wellness support strategies. 
 Diversity and Inclusion . The Company believes that an equitable and inclusive environment with diverse teams produces more creative solutions, results in better products and services, and is crucial to its efforts to attract and retain key talent. The Company s talent acquisition team focuses on building recruitment marketing strategies that are designed to identify and attract diverse associates. The Company s business resource groups (BRGs) also play a vital role in deepening the recruitment pipeline of diverse talent and refer candidates to the Company on a regular basis. BRGs are structured to engage associates who share common interests, including associates from traditionally underrepresented groups. Nearly 20 of the Company s associates participate in one or more BRGs. 
 Community Involvement . For more than a century, the Company has maintained a commitment to the prosperity of each community it serves. In addition to providing financial products built for the needs of its customers, the Company builds strong community partnerships through associate volunteerism, associate financial 
 4 

giving, and corporate philanthropy . The Company encourages associates to give back to their local communities through vario us programs and initiatives, including paid volunteer time off and matching charitable gift programs. 
 For more information on the Company s diversity and inclusion and community involvement initiatives, please see its Corporate Citizenship Report available at www.umb.com/corporatecitizenship. Information on the Company s website is not incorporated by reference into this report and should not be considered part of this document. 
 Government Monetary and Fiscal Policies 
 In addition to the impact of general economic conditions, the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition, capital, liquidity, and prospects are significantly affected by government monetary and fiscal policies that are announced or implemented in the United States and abroad. 
 A sizeable influence is exerted, in particular, by the policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the FRB), which influences monetary and credit conditions in the economy in pursuit of maximum employment, stable prices, and moderate long-term interest rates. Among the FRB s policy tools are (1) open market operations (that is, purchases or sales of securities in the open market to adjust the supply of reserve balances in order to achieve targeted federal funds rates or to put pressure on longer-term interest rates in order to achieve more desirable levels of economic activity and job creation), (2) the discount rate charged on loans by the Federal Reserve Banks, (3) the level of reserves required to be held by depository institutions against specified deposit liabilities, (4) the interest paid or charged on balances maintained with the Federal Reserve Banks by depository institutions, including balances used to satisfy their reserve requirements, and (5) other deposit and loan facilities. 
 The FRB and its policies have a substantial impact on the availability and demand for loans and deposits, the rates, and other aspects of pricing for loans and deposits, and the conditions in equity, fixed income, currency, and other markets in which the Company operates. Policies announced or implemented by other central banks around the world have a meaningful effect as well and sometimes may be coordinated with those of the FRB. 
 Tax and other fiscal policies, moreover, impact not only general economic conditions but also give rise to incentives or disincentives that affect how the Company and its customers prioritize objectives, operate businesses, and deploy resources. 
 Regulation and Supervision 
 The Company is subject to regulatory frameworks in the United States at federal, State, and local levels. In addition, the Company is subject to the direct supervision of various government authorities charged with overseeing the kinds of financial activities conducted by its business segments. 
 This section summarizes certain provisions of the principal laws and regulations that apply to the Company. The descriptions, however, are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by the full text and judicial or administrative interpretations of those laws and regulations and other laws and regulations that affect the Company. 
 Overview 
 The Company is a bank holding company under the BHCA and a financial holding company under the GLBA. As a result, the Company including all of its businesses and operations is subject to the regulation, supervision, and examination of the FRB and to restrictions on permissible activities. This framework of regulation, supervision, and examination is intended primarily for the protection and benefit of depositors and other customers of the Bank, the Deposit Insurance Fund (the DIF) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC), the banking and financial systems as a whole, and the broader economy, not for the protection or benefit of the Company s shareholders or its non-deposit creditors. 
 Many of the Company s subsidiaries are also subject to separate or related forms of regulation, supervision, and examination, including: (1) the Bank, by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the OCC) under the National Banking Acts, the FDIC under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the FDIA), and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB) under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act) (2) UMBFS, UMB Distribution Services, LLC, and UMB Financial Services, Inc., by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) and State regulatory authorities under federal and State securities laws, and UMB 
 5 

Distribution Services, LLC and UMB Financial Services, Inc. , by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and (3) UMB Insurance, Inc. , by State regulatory authorities under applicable State insurance laws. These regulatory schemes, like th ose overseen by the FRB, are designed to protect public or private interests that often are not aligned with those of the Company s shareholders or non-deposit creditors. 
 The FRB possesses extensive authorities and powers to regulate the conduct of the Company s businesses and operations. If the FRB were to take the position that the Company or any of its subsidiaries have violated any law or commitment or engaged in any unsafe or unsound practice, formal or informal corrective or enforcement actions could be taken by the FRB against the Company, its subsidiaries, and institution-affiliated parties (such as directors, officers, and agents). These enforcement actions could include an imposition of civil monetary penalties and could directly affect not only the Company, its subsidiaries, and institution-affiliated parties but also the Company s counterparties, shareholders, and creditors and its commitments, arrangements, or other dealings with them. The OCC has similarly expansive authorities and powers over the Bank and its subsidiaries, as does the CFPB over matters involving consumer financial laws. The SEC, FINRA, and other domestic or foreign government authorities also have an array of means at their disposal to regulate and enforce matters within their jurisdiction that could impact the Company s businesses and operations. 
 Restrictions on Permissible Activities and Corporate Matters 
 Under the BHCA, bank holding companies and their subsidiaries are generally limited to the business of banking and to closely related activities that are incidental to banking. 
 As a bank holding company that has elected to become a financial holding company under the GLBA, the Company is also able directly or indirectly through its subsidiaries to engage in activities that are financial in nature, that are incidental to a financial activity, or that are complementary to a financial activity and do not pose a substantial risk to the safety or soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally. Activities that are financial in nature include: (1) underwriting, dealing in, or making a market in securities, (2) providing financial, investment, or economic advisory services, (3) underwriting insurance, and (4) merchant banking. 
 The Company s ability to directly or indirectly engage in these banking and financial activities, however, is subject to conditions and other limits imposed by law or the FRB and, in some cases, requires the approval of the FRB or other government authorities. These conditions or other limits may arise due to the particular type of activity or, in other cases, may apply to the Company s business more generally. Examples of the former are the substantial restrictions on the timing, amount, form, substance, interconnectedness, and management of the Company s merchant banking investments. An example of the latter is a condition that, in order for the Company to engage in broader financial activities, its depository institutions must remain well capitalized and well managed under applicable banking laws and must receive at least a satisfactory rating under the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA). 
 Under amendments to the BHCA promulgated by the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994 and the Dodd-Frank Act, the Company may acquire banks outside of its home State of Missouri, subject to specified limits and may establish new branches in other States to the same extent as banks chartered in those States. Under the BHCA, however, the Company must procure the prior approval of the FRB and possibly other government authorities to directly or indirectly acquire ownership or control of five percent or more of any class of voting securities of, or substantially all of the assets of, an unaffiliated bank, savings association, or bank holding company. In deciding whether to approve any acquisition or branch, the FRB, the OCC, and other government authorities will consider public or private interests that may not be aligned with those of the Company s shareholders or non-deposit creditors. The FRB also has the power to require the Company to divest any depository institution that cannot maintain its well capitalized or well managed status. 
 The FRB maintains a targeted policy that requires a bank holding company to inform and consult with the staff of the FRB sufficiently in advance of (1) declaring and paying a dividend that could raise safety and soundness concerns (for example, a dividend that exceeds earnings in the period for which the dividend is being paid), (2) redeeming or repurchasing regulatory capital instruments when the holding company is experiencing financial weaknesses, or (3) redeeming or repurchasing common stock or perpetual preferred stock that would result in a net reduction as of the end of the quarter in the amount of those equity instruments outstanding compared with the beginning of the quarter in which the redemption or repurchase occurred. 
 6 

Requirements Affecting the Relationships among the Company, Its Subsidiaries, and Other Affiliates 
 The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank, UMBFS, and its other subsidiaries but receives the vast majority of its revenue in the form of dividends from those subsidiaries. Without the approval of the OCC, however, dividends payable by the Bank in any calendar year may not exceed the lesser of (1) the current year s net income combined with the retained net income of the two preceding years and (2) undivided profits. In addition, under the Basel III capital-adequacy standards described below under the heading Capital-Adequacy Standards, the Bank is currently required to maintain a capital conservation buffer in excess of its minimum risk-based capital ratios and will be restricted in declaring and paying dividends whenever the buffer is breached. The authorities and powers of the FRB, the OCC, and other government authorities to prevent any unsafe or unsound practice also could be employed to further limit the dividends that the Bank or the Company s other subsidiaries may declare and pay to the Company. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act requires a bank holding company like the Company to serve as a source of financial strength for its depository-institution subsidiaries and to commit resources to support those subsidiaries in circumstances when the Company might not otherwise elect to do so. The functional regulator of any nonbank subsidiary of the Company, however, may prevent that subsidiary from directly or indirectly contributing its financial support, and if that were to preclude the Company from serving as an adequate source of financial strength, the FRB may instead require the divestiture of depository-institution subsidiaries and impose operating restrictions pending such a divestiture. 
 A number of laws, principally Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act (the FRA), and the FRB s Regulation W, also exist to prevent the Company and its nonbank subsidiaries from taking improper advantage of the benefits afforded to the Bank as a depository institution, including its access to federal deposit insurance and the discount window. These laws generally require the Bank and its subsidiaries to deal with the Company and its nonbank subsidiaries only on market terms and, in addition, impose restrictions on the Bank and its subsidiaries in directly or indirectly extending credit to or engaging in other covered transactions with the Company or its nonbank subsidiaries. The Dodd-Frank Act extended the restrictions to derivatives and securities lending transactions and expanded the restrictions for transactions involving hedge funds or private-equity funds that are owned or sponsored by the Company or its nonbank subsidiaries. 
 In addition, under the Volcker Rule, the Company is subject to extensive limits on proprietary trading and on owning or sponsoring hedge funds and private-equity funds. The limits on proprietary trading are largely directed toward purchases or sales of financial instruments by a banking entity as principal primarily for the purpose of short-term resale, a benefit from actual or expected short-term price movements, or the realization of short-term arbitrage profits. The limits on owning or sponsoring hedge funds and private-equity funds are designed to ensure that banking entities generally maintain only small positions in managed or advised funds and are not exposed to significant losses arising directly or indirectly from them. The Volcker Rule also provides for increased capital charges, quantitative limits, rigorous compliance programs, and other restrictions on permitted proprietary trading and fund activities, including a prohibition on transactions with a covered fund that would constitute a covered transaction under Sections 23A and 23B of the FRA. 
 Stress Testing and Enhanced Prudential Standards 
 The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (EGRRCPA) was enacted in May 2018, amending requirements previously established in the Dodd-Frank Act, including stress testing and enhanced prudential standards. Bank holding companies with assets of less than 100 billion, including the Company, are no longer subject to the requirement to conduct forward-looking, company-run stress testing, including publishing a summary of results. The Company continues to run internal stress tests as a component of its comprehensive risk management and capital planning process. In addition, the EGRRCPA increased the statutory asset threshold above which the Federal Reserve is required to apply enhanced prudential standards from 50 billion to 250 billion (subject to certain discretion by the Federal Reserve to apply any enhanced prudential standard requirement to any bank holding company with between 100 billion and 250 billion in total consolidated assets that would otherwise be exempt under EGRRCPA). The Company remains exempt from applying the enhanced prudential standards. 
 Capital-Adequacy Standards 
 The FRB and the OCC have adopted risk-based capital and leverage guidelines that require the capital-to-assets ratios of bank holding companies and national banks, respectively, to meet specified minimum standards. 
 7 

The risk-based capital ratios are based on a banking organization s risk-weighted asset amounts (RWAs), which are generally determined under the standardized approach applicable to the Company and the Bank by (1) assigning on-balance-sheet exposures to broad risk-weight categories according to the counterparty or, if relevant, the guarantor or collateral (with higher risk weights assigned to categories of exposures perceived as representing greater risk) and (2) multiplying off-balance-sheet exposures by specified credit conversion factors to calculate credit equivalent amounts and assigning those credit equivalent amounts to the relevant risk-weight categories. The leverage ratio, in contrast, is based on an institution s average on-balance-sheet exposures alone. 
 The capital ratios for the Company and the Bank as of December 31, 2022, are set forth below: 

Tier 1 
 Leverage Ratio 

Tier 1 
 Risk-Based 
 Capital Ratio 

Common Equity Tier 1 
 Capital Ratio 

Total 
 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

UMB Financial Corporation 

8.43 

10.62 

10.62 

12.50 

UMB Bank, n.a. 

8.46 

10.88 

10.88 

11.47 

These capital-to-assets ratios also play a central role in prompt corrective action (PCA), which is an enforcement framework used by the federal banking agencies to constrain the activities of banking organizations based on their levels of regulatory capital. Five categories have been established using thresholds for the total risk-based capital ratio, the tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, the common-equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, and the leverage ratio: (1) well capitalized, (2) adequately capitalized, (3) undercapitalized, (4) significantly undercapitalized, and (5) critically undercapitalized. While bank holding companies are not subject to the PCA framework, the FRB is empowered to compel a holding company to take measures such as the execution of financial or performance guarantees when prompt corrective action is required in connection with one of its depository-institution subsidiaries. At December 31, 2022, the Bank was categorized as well capitalized under the PCA framework. 
 Basel III, including revisions to the global Basel III capital framework (commonly known as Basel IV), includes a number of more rigorous provisions applicable only to banking organizations that are larger or more internationally active than the Company and the Bank. These include, for example, a supplementary leverage ratio incorporating off-balance-sheet exposures, a liquidity coverage ratio, and a net stable funding ratio. These standards may be informally applied or considered by the FRB and the OCC in their regulation, supervision, and examination of the Company and the Bank. 
 Deposit Insurance and Related Matters 
 The deposits of the Bank are insured by the FDIC in the standard insurance amount of 250 thousand per depositor for each account ownership category. This insurance is funded through assessments on the Bank and other insured depository institutions. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, each institution s assessment base is determined based on its average consolidated total assets less average tangible equity, and there is a scorecard method for calculating assessments that combines CAMELS (an acronym that refers to the five components of a bank s condition that are addressed: capital adequacy, asset quality, management, earnings, and liquidity) ratings and specified forward-looking financial measures to determine each institution s risk to the DIF. The Dodd-Frank Act also requires the FDIC, in setting assessments, to offset the effect of increasing its reserve for the DIF on institutions with consolidated assets of less than 10 billion. The result of this revised approach to deposit-insurance assessments is generally an increase in costs, on an absolute or relative basis, for institutions with consolidated assets of 10 billion or more. 
 If an insured depository institution such as the Bank were to become insolvent or if other specified events were to occur relating to its financial condition or the propriety of its actions, the FDIC may be appointed as conservator or receiver for the institution. In that capacity, the FDIC would have the power to (1) transfer assets and liabilities of the institution to another person or entity without the approval of the institution s creditors, (2) require that its claims process be followed and to enforce statutory or other limits on damages claimed by the institution s creditors, (3) enforce the institution s contracts or leases according to their terms, (4) repudiate or disaffirm the institution s contracts or leases, (5) seek to reclaim, recover, or recharacterize transfers of the institution s assets or to exercise control over assets in which the institution may claim an interest, (6) enforce statutory or other injunctions, and (7) exercise a wide range of other rights, powers, and authorities, including those that could impair the rights and interests of all or some of the institution s creditors. In addition, the administrative expenses of the conservator or receiver could be afforded priority over all or some of the claims of the institution s creditors, and 
 8 

under the FDIA, the claims of depositors (including the FDIC as subrogee of depositors) would enjoy priority over the claims of the institution s unsecured creditors. 
 The FDIA also provides that an insured depository institution can be held liable for any loss incurred or expected to be incurred by the FDIC in connection with another commonly controlled insured depository institution that is in default or in danger of default. This cross-guarantee liability is generally superior in right of payment to claims of the institution s holding company and its affiliates. 
 Other Regulatory and Supervisory Matters 
 As a public company, the Company is subject to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and other federal and State securities laws. In addition, because the Company s common stock is listed with The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (NASDAQ), the Company is subject to the listing rules of that exchange. 
 The Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 (commonly known as the Bank Secrecy Act), the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and related laws require all financial institutions, including banks and broker-dealers, to establish a risk-based system of internal controls reasonably designed to prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorism. These laws include a variety of recordkeeping and reporting requirements (such as currency and suspicious activity reporting) as well as know-your-customer and due-diligence rules. 
 Under the CRA, the Bank has a continuing and affirmative obligation to help meet the credit needs of its local communities including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods consistent with safe and sound banking practices. The CRA does not create specific lending programs but does establish the framework and criteria by which the OCC regularly assesses the Bank s record in meeting these credit needs. The Bank s ratings under the CRA are taken into account by the FRB and the OCC when considering merger or other specified applications that the Company or the Bank may submit from time to time. 
 The Bank is subject as well to a vast array of consumer-protection laws, such as qualified-mortgage and other mortgage-related rules under the jurisdiction of the CFPB. Lending limits, restrictions on tying arrangements, limits on permissible interest-rate charges, and other laws governing the conduct of banking or fiduciary activities are also applicable to the Bank. In addition, the GLBA imposes on the Company and its subsidiaries a number of obligations relating to financial privacy. 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant. The following are the executive officers of the Company, each of whom is appointed annually, and there are no arrangements or understandings between any of the executive officers and any other person pursuant to which such person was elected as an executive officer. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position with Registrant 

R. Brian Beaird 
 
 49 
 
 Mr. Beaird has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer since October 2019. Prior to this time, he served as Senior Vice President/Director of Associate Experience and Rewards, Director Compensation and Systems, Manager Bank Strategy and Administration, and Manager Commercial Strategy and Administration. Mr. Beaird held these positions from July 2018 until October 2019, August 2017 until July 2018, September 2015 until August 2017, and December 2011 until September 2015, respectively. 

James Cornelius 
 
 61 
 
 Mr. Cornelius has served as the President of Institutional Banking for the Bank since June 2015. Prior to this time, he served as the President of Institutional Banking and Investor services from June 2012 until June 2015. 

Amy Harris 
 
 37 
 
 Ms. Harris has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since January 2021. Ms. Harris served the Company as Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Manager of Legal Operations from January 2020 to January 2021. She also served as Corporate Legal Counsel for the Company from October 2014 to January 2020. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Harris worked in private practice focusing on commercial, corporate and employment cases . 

9 

Shannon A. Johnson 
 
 43 
 
 Ms. Johnson has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer since October 2019. Ms. Johnson s previous positions with the Company include Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer Senior Vice President, Executive Director of Talent Management and Development and Senior Vice President, Director of Talent Management. Ms. Johnson held these positions from April 2015 to October 2019, May 2011 to April 2015, and December 2009 to May 2011, respectively. 

Dominic Karaba 
 
 52 
 
 Mr. Karaba has served as President Commercial Banking since September 2021. Mr. Karaba has also served as President Specialty Banking from April 2018 to September 2021 and Executive Vice President Business Banking Director from August 2013 to April 2018. Overall, Mr. Karaba has over 15 years of experience in the banking industry. 

J. Mariner Kemper 
 
 50 
 
 Mr. Kemper has served as the President of the Company since November 2015 and as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since May 2004. He served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank between December 2012 and January 2014, and as the Chairman of UMB Bank Colorado, n.a. (a prior subsidiary of the Company) between 2000 and 2012. He was President of UMB Bank Colorado from 1997 to 2000. Mr. Kemper is the brother of Mr. Alexander C. Kemper, who currently serves on the Company s Board of Directors. 

Stacy King 
 
 47 
 
 Ms. King has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer of the Company since March 2020. From May 2019 until March 2020, she served as Senior Director, Operations Management Benefit Accounts for Willis Towers Watson. Prior to that time, she served as Senior Vice President, Director Healthcare Operations & Compliance Senior Vice President/Vice President, Director Healthcare Services Risk & Compliance for the Bank Vice President, Compliance Manager Bank Operations & Healthcare Services and Compliance Analyst-Corporate Risk for the Company. Ms. King held these positions from September 2018 until May 2019, October 2015 until September 2018, August 2014 until October 2015, and September 2013 until August 2014, respectively. 

Nikki Newton 
 
 51 
 
 Mr. Newton has served as the President of Private Wealth Management of the Bank since May 2019. From January 1998 until May 2018, Mr. Newton served in various capacities with Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc. or its subsidiary, Ivy Distributors, Inc, including most recently, serving as President of Ivy Distributors, Inc. and Ivy Global from August 2017 to May 2018, and Head of Global Distribution and President of Ivy Global from January 2014 to August 2017. 

David C. Odgers 
 
 53 
 
 Mr. Odgers has served as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer of the Company since January 2020, and as the Company s Controller since January 2014. Mr. Odgers was previously the Company s Assistant Controller from January 2005 to January 2014. 

John C. Pauls 
 
 59 
 
 Mr. Pauls has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company and the Bank since June 2016. Mr. Pauls served as interim General Counsel from April 2016 until his full appointment in June of 2016. He has been with UMB for over 25 years, having served as a top legal advisor for the Company and the Bank for over 20 years. 

James D. Rine 
 
 52 
 
 Mr. Rine has served as Vice Chairman of the Company since November 2020 and President and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank since October 2018. He served as President of Commercial Banking from December 2017 until October 2018 and as President of Commercial Banking/Western Region from October 2016 to December 2017. Prior to this time, Mr. Rine served as the President of the Kansas City Region since October 2011. Overall, Mr. Rine has over 20 years of commercial banking experience with the Bank. 

Ram Shankar 
 
 50 
 
 Mr. Shankar was named as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective August 2016. From September 2011 until his employment with the Company commenced, he worked at First Niagara Financial Group, most recently serving as managing director where he headed financial planning and analysis and investor relations. Prior to that, Mr. Shankar spent time at FBR Capital Markets as a senior research analyst and at M&T Bank Corporation in the financial planning measurement and corporate finance/mergers & acquisitions group. 

10 

Thomas S. Terry 
 
 59 
 
 Mr. Terry has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer since October 2019. From January 2011 until October 2019, Mr. Terry served as Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer of the Company, and prior to this time, Mr. Terry served as Executive Vice President. Mr. Terry first joined UMB in 1986, and subsequently joined the Commercial Lending department in 1987 where he worked as a loan officer until 2011. 

Abigail Wendel 
 
 49 
 
 Ms. Wendel was named President of Consumer Banking of the Bank in September 2018. She has also served as Chief Strategy Officer for the Company from June 2015 until September 2018, and as the Director of Investor and Government Relations for the Company from February 2013 through June 2015. 

Uma Wilson 
 
 44 
 
 Ms. Wilson was named Executive Vice President, Chief Information and Product Officer in September 2021. Previously she served as Executive Vice President, Director of Bank Product, Treasury Management/Card Sales and Implementation and Executive Vice President, Director of Bank Product Group. Ms. Wilson held these positions from January 2020 to September 2021 and May 2015 to January 2020, respectively. 

The Company makes available free of charge on its website at www.umb.com/investor, its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, proxy statements, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files or furnishes such material with or to the SEC. Information on the Company s website is not incorporated by reference into this report and should not be considered part of this document. These reports can also be found on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Financial-services companies routinely encounter and address risks and uncertainties. In the following paragraphs, the Company describes some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition (including capital and liquidity), or prospects or the value of or return on an investment in the Company. These risks and uncertainties, however, are not the only ones faced by the Company. Other risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to the Company that it has failed to identify, or that it currently considers immaterial may adversely affect the Company as well. Except where otherwise noted, the risk factors address risks and uncertainties that may affect the Company as well as its subsidiaries. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (which can be found in Part II, Item 7 of this report) and the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (which can be found in Part II, Item 8 of this report). 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic is affecting the Company and its customers, counterparties, employees, and third-party service providers, and the continued impacts on its business, financial position, results of operations, and prospects could potentially be significant. The spread of COVID-19 over the past two years has created a global public-health crisis that has resulted in widespread volatility and deteriorations in household, business, economic, and market conditions. The extent of the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s capital, liquidity, and other financial positions and on its business, results of operations, and prospects will depend on a number of evolving factors, including: 

The duration, extent, and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic . COVID-19 continues to affect households and businesses. The duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic continue to be impossible to accurately predict. 

The response of governmental and nongovernmental authorities . The actions of many governmental and nongovernmental authorities have been directed toward curtailing household and business activity to contain COVID-19 while simultaneously deploying fiscal- and monetary-policy measures to partially mitigate the adverse effects on individual households and businesses. 

The effect on the Company s customers, counterparties, employees, and third-party service providers . COVID-19 and its associated consequences and uncertainties may affect individuals, households, and businesses differently and unevenly. 

The effect on economies and markets . Whether the actions of governmental and nongovernmental authorities will be successful in mitigating the adverse effects of COVID-19 is unclear. National, regional, and local economies and markets have experienced volatility and could suffer further disruptions that are lasting. An economic slowdown could adversely affect the Company s 

 11 

origination of new loans and the performance of its existing loans. In addition, governmental actions are meaningfully influencing the interest-rate environment, which could adversely affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 

The COVID-19 pandemic could cause the Company to experience higher credit losses in its lending portfolio, impairment of its goodwill and other financial assets, reduced demand for its products and services, and other negative impacts on its financial position, results of operations, and prospects. Sustained adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may also prevent the Company from satisfying its minimum regulatory capital ratios and other supervisory requirements, failing to be able to sustain the paying of dividends to its shareholders, or result in downgrades in its credit ratings. 
 
 Because of the current expected credit loss (CECL) accounting standard, the Company s financial results may be negatively affected as soon as weak or deteriorating economic conditions are forecasted and alter its expectations for credit losses. In addition, due to the expansion of the time horizon over which it is required to estimate future credit losses under CECL, the Company may experience increased volatility in its future provisions for credit losses. 
 
 The levels of, or changes in, interest rates could affect the Company s business or performance. The Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition are highly dependent on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income on earning assets (such as loans and investments) and interest expense on deposits and borrowings. Net interest income is significantly affected by market interest rates, which in turn are influenced by monetary and fiscal policies, general economic conditions, the regulatory environment, competitive pressures, and expectations about future changes in interest rates. The policies and regulations of the federal government, in general, and the FRB, in particular, have a substantial impact on market interest rates. See Government Monetary and Fiscal Policies in Part I, Item 1 of this report, which is incorporated by reference herein. Additionally, the Company has a significant number of loans, derivative contracts, borrowings and other financial instruments with attributes that are either directly or indirectly dependent on the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). In 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that LIBOR is to be transitioned to alternative rates. U.S. regulatory authorities voiced similar support for phasing out LIBOR. The transition from LIBOR could create considerable costs and additional risk. Certain LIBOR rates will continue to be published until June 30, 2023 for existing LIBOR-indexed financial instruments, however no new LIBOR-indexed financial instruments can be originated after December 31, 2021. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee (ARRC) has proposed that the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York represents the best alternative to LIBOR for use in derivatives and other financial contracts that are currently indexed to LIBOR. The Company discontinued entering into new LIBOR-indexed financial instruments effective December 31, 2021. The majority of existing LIBOR-indexed contracts will revert to SOFR. The remainder will be individually negotiated to a mutual preferred replacement index. Since proposed alternative rates are calculated differently, payments under contracts referencing new rates will differ from those referencing LIBOR. Although the Company is currently unable to assess what the ultimate impact of the transition from LIBOR will be, failure to adequately manage the transition could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The impact of interest rate changes on the Company s funding costs may differ from some peers given the Company s concentration of funding from commercial and institutional sources. These deposits, which often include the benefit of other ancillary revenues, are generally more price-sensitive than consumer funding sources. In a rising rate environment, the Company may experience a sharper decline in low-cost funding sources or an increase in cost of deposits due to its customer profile. However, the expectation of higher earning asset growth and the benefit of higher interest rates on our earning assets may help mitigate any impact. 
 
 The Company may be adversely affected by policies, regulations, or events that have the effect of altering the difference between long-term and short-term interest rates (commonly known as the yield curve), depressing the interest rates associated with its earning assets to levels near the rates associated with its interest expense, or changing the spreads among different interest-rate indices. In addition, a rapid change in interest rates could result in interest expense increasing faster than interest income because of differences in the maturities of the Company s assets and liabilities. Further, if laws impacting taxation and interest rates materially change, or if new laws are enacted, certain of the Company s services and products, including municipal bonds, may be subject to less favorable tax treatment or otherwise adversely impacted. The level of and changes in market interest rates and, as a result, these risks and uncertainties are beyond the Company s control. The dynamics among these risks and uncertainties are also challenging to assess and manage. For example, while the highly accommodative monetary policy currently adopted by the FRB may benefit the Company to some degree by spurring economic activity among 
 12 

its customers, such a policy may ultimately cause the Company more harm by inhibiting its ability to grow or sustain net interest income. 
 
 The Company s customers and counterparties also may be negatively impacted by the levels of, or changes in, interest rates, which could increase the risk of delinquency or default on obligations to the Company. The levels of, or changes in, interest rates, moreover, may have an adverse effect on the value of the Company s investment portfolio, which includes long-term municipal bonds with fixed interest rates, and other financial instruments, the return on or demand for loans, the prepayment speed of loans (including, without limitation, the pace of pay-downs expected or forecasted for commercial real estate and construction loans), the cost or availability of deposits or other funding sources, or the purchase or sale of investment securities. 
 
 See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Interest Rate Risk in Part II, Item 7A of this report for a discussion of how the Company monitors and manages interest-rate risk. 
 Weak or deteriorating economic conditions, more liberal origination or underwriting standards, or financial or systemic shocks could increase the Company s credit risk and adversely affect its lending or other banking businesses and the value of its loans or investment securities. The Company s business and results of operations depend significantly on general economic conditions. When those conditions are weak or deteriorating in any of the markets or regions where the Company operates, its business or performance could be adversely affected. The Company s lending and other banking businesses, in particular, are susceptible to weak or deteriorating economic conditions, which could result in reduced loan demand or utilization rates and at the same time increased delinquencies or defaults. These kinds of conditions also could dampen the demand for products and other services in the Company s investment-management, asset-servicing, insurance, brokerage, or related businesses. Increased delinquencies or defaults could result as well from the Company adopting for strategic, competitive, or other reasons more liberal origination or underwriting standards for extensions of credit or other dealings with its customers or counterparties. If delinquencies or defaults on the Company s loans or investment securities increase, their value and the income derived from them could be adversely affected, and the Company could incur administrative and other costs in seeking a recovery on its claims and any collateral. Weak or deteriorating economic conditions also may negatively impact the market value and liquidity of the Company s investment securities, and the Company may be required to record additional impairment charges if investment securities suffer a decline in value that is determined to have resulted from a credit loss. In addition, t o the extent that loan charge-offs exceed estimates, an increase to the amount of provision expense related to the allowance for credit losses would reduce the Company s income. See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Credit Risk Management in Part II, Item 7A of this report for a discussion of how the Company monitors and manages credit risk. A financial or systemic shock and a failure of a significant counterparty or a significant group of counterparties could negatively impact the Company, possibly to a severe degree, due to its role as a financial intermediary and the interconnectedness of the financial system. 
 A meaningful part of the Company s loan portfolio is secured by real estate and, as a result, could be negatively impacted by deteriorating or volatile real-estate markets or associated environmental liabilities. At December 31, 2022, 49.2 of the Company s aggregate loan portfolio comprised of commercial real-estate loans (representing 36.2 of the aggregate loan portfolio) and consumer real-estate loans (representing 13.0 of the aggregate loan portfolio) was primarily secured by interests in real estate located in the States where the Company operates. Other credit extended by the Company may be secured in part by real estate as well. Real-estate values in the markets where this collateral is located may be different from, and in some instances worse than, real-estate values in other markets or in the United States as a whole and may be affected by general economic conditions and a variety of other factors outside of the control of the Company or its customers. Any deterioration or volatility in these real-estate markets could result in increased delinquencies or defaults, could adversely affect the value of the loans and the income to be derived from them, could give rise to unreimbursed recovery costs, and could reduce the demand for new or additional credit and related banking products and other services, all to the detriment of the Company s business and performance. In addition, if hazardous or toxic substances were found on any real estate that the Company acquires in foreclosure or otherwise, the Company may incur substantial liability for compliance and remediation costs, personal injury, or property damage. 
 Challenging business, economic, or market conditions could adversely affect the Company s fee-based banking, investment-management, asset-servicing, or other businesses. The Company s fee-based banking, investment-management, asset-servicing, and other businesses are driven by wealth creation in the economy, robust market activity, monetary and fiscal stability, and positive investor, business, and consumer sentiment. Economic downturns, market disruptions, high unemployment or underemployment, unsustainable debt levels, depressed real- 
 13 

estate markets, industry consolidations, or other challenging business, economic, or market conditions could adversely affect these businesses and their results. If the funds or other groups that are clients of UMBFS were to encounter similar difficulties, UMBFS s revenue could suffer. The Company s bank-card revenue is driven primarily by transaction volumes in business , healthcare, and consumer spending that generate interchange fees, and any of these conditions could dampen those volumes. Other fee-based banking businesses that could be adversely affected include trading, asset management, custody, trust, and cash and treasury management. 
 The Company s investment-management and asset-servicing businesses could be negatively impacted by declines in assets under management or administration or by shifts in the mix of assets under management or administration. The revenues of the Company s investment-management businesses are highly dependent on advisory fee income. These businesses generally earn higher fees on equity-based or alternative investments and strategies and lower fees on fixed income investments and strategies. Advisory-fee income may be negatively impacted by an absolute decline in assets under management or by a shift in the mix of assets under management from equities or alternatives to fixed income. Such a decline or shift could be caused or influenced by any number of factors, such as underperformance in absolute or relative terms, loss of key advisers or other talent, changes in investing preferences or trends, market downturns or volatility, drops in investor confidence, reputational damage, increased competition, or general economic conditions. Any of these factors also could affect clients of UMBFS, and if this were to cause a decline in assets under administration at UMBFS or an adverse shift in the mix of those assets, the performance of UMBFS could suffer. 
 To the extent that the Company continues to maintain a sizeable portfolio of available-for-sale investment securities, its income may be adversely affected and its reported equity more volatile. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s securities portfolio totaled approximately 13.2 billion, which represented approximately 34.4 of its total assets. Regulatory restrictions and the Company s investment policies generally result in the acquisition of securities with lower yields than loans. For the year-ended December 31, 2022, the weighted average yield of the Company s securities portfolio was 2.33 as compared to 4.30 for its loan portfolio. Accordingly, to the extent that the Company is unable to effectively deploy its funds to originate or acquire loans or other assets with higher yields than those of its investment securities, the Company s income may be negatively impacted. Additionally, approximately 7.0 billion, or 52.9 , of the Company s investment securities are classified as available for sale and reported at fair value. Unrealized gains or losses on these securities are excluded from earnings and reported in other comprehensive income, which in turn affects the Company s reported equity. As a result, to the extent that the Company continues to maintain a significant portfolio of available-for-sale securities, its reported equity may experience greater volatility. 
 Cyber incidents and other security breaches at the Company, at the Company s service providers or counterparties, or in the business community or markets may negatively impact the Company s business or performance. In the ordinary course of its business, the Company collects, stores, and transmits sensitive, confidential, or proprietary data and other information, including intellectual property, business information, funds-transfer instructions, and the personally identifiable information of its customers and employees. The secure processing, storage, maintenance, and transmission of this information is critical to the Company s operations and reputation, and if any of this information were mishandled, misused, improperly accessed, lost, held hostage or stolen or if the Company s operations were disrupted, the Company could suffer significant financial, business, reputational, regulatory, or other damage. For example, despite security measures, the Company s information technology and infrastructure may be breached or rendered inaccessible through cyber-attacks, ransomware and other computer viruses or malware, pretext calls, electronic phishing, or other means. These risks and uncertainties are rapidly evolving and increasing in complexity, and the Company s failure to effectively mitigate them could negatively impact its business and operations. 
 Risks and exposures related to cybersecurity attacks have increased as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related increased reliance on remote working, and are expected to remain high for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats and the expanding use of technology-based products and services by the Company and its customers. The Company can provide no assurances that the safeguards it has in place or may implement in the future will prevent all unauthorized infiltrations or breaches and that the Company will not suffer losses related to a security breach in the future, which losses may be material. 
 Service providers and counterparties also present a source of risk to the Company if their own security measures or other systems or infrastructure were to be breached, rendered inaccessible or otherwise fail. Likewise, a cyber-attack or other security breach affecting the business community, the markets, or parts of them may cycle or 
 14 

cascade through the financial system and adversely affect the Company or its service providers or counterparties. Many of these risks and uncertainties are beyond the Company s control. 
 Even when an attempted cyber incident or other security breach is successfully avoided or thwarted, the Company may need to expend substantial resources in doing so, may be required to take actions that could adversely affect customer satisfaction or behavior, and may be exposed to reputational damage. If a breach were to occur, moreover, the Company could be exposed to contractual claims, regulatory actions, and litigation by private plaintiffs, and would additionally suffer reputational harm. Despite the Company s efforts to safeguard the integrity of systems and controls and to manage third-party risk, the Company may not be able to anticipate or implement effective measures to prevent all security breaches or all risks to the sensitive, confidential, or proprietary information that it or its service providers or counterparties collect, store, or transmit. 
 The trading volume in the Company s common stock at times may be low, which could adversely affect liquidity and stock price. Although the Company s common stock is listed for trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the trading volume in the stock may at times be low and, in relative terms, less than that of other financial-services companies. A public trading market that is deep, liquid, and orderly depends on the presence in the marketplace of a large number of willing buyers and sellers and narrow bid-ask spreads. These market features, in turn, depend on a number of factors, such as the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions, over which the Company has no control. During any period of lower trading volume in the Company s common stock, the stock price could be more volatile, and the liquidity of the stock could suffer. 
 The Company operates in a highly regulated industry, and its business or performance could be adversely affected by the legal, regulatory and supervisory frameworks applicable to it, changes in those frameworks, and other legal and regulatory risks and uncertainties. The Company is subject to expansive legal and regulatory frameworks in the United States at the federal, State, and local levels and in the foreign jurisdictions where its business segments operate. In addition, the Company is subject to the direct supervision of government authorities charged with overseeing the taxation of domestic companies and the kinds of financial activities conducted by the Company in its business segments. These legal, regulatory, and supervisory frameworks are often designed to protect public or private interests that differ from the interests of the Company s shareholders or non-deposit creditors. See Government Monetary and Fiscal Policies and Regulation and Supervision in Part I, Item 1 of this report, which is incorporated by reference herein. The Company believes that government scrutiny of all financial-services companies has increased, fundamental changes have been made to the banking, securities, and other laws that govern financial services (with the Dodd-Frank Act and Basel III being two of the more prominent examples), and a host of related business practices have been reexamined and reshaped. As a result, the Company expects to continue devoting increased time and resources to risk management, compliance, and regulatory change management. Risks also exist that government authorities could judge the Company s business or other practices as unsafe, unsound, or otherwise unadvisable and bring formal or informal corrective or enforcement actions against it, including fines or other penalties and directives to change its products or other services. For practical or other reasons, the Company may not be able to effectively defend itself against these actions, and they in turn could give rise to litigation by private plaintiffs. Further, if the laws, rules, and regulations materially adversely affect the Company, including any changes that would negatively impact the tax treatment of the Company, the Company s products and services or the Company s shareholders, the Company may be adversely impacted. All of these and other regulatory risks and uncertainties could adversely affect the Company s reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition, or prospects. 
 Regulatory or supervisory requirements, future growth, operating results, or strategic plans may prompt the Company to raise additional capital, but that capital may not be available at all or on favorable terms and, if raised, may be dilutive. The Company is subject to safety-and-soundness and capital-adequacy standards under applicable law and to the direct supervision of government authorities. See Regulation and Supervision in Part I, Item 1 of this report. If the Company is not or is at risk of not satisfying these standards or applicable supervisory requirements whether due to inadequate operating results that erode capital, future growth that outpaces the accumulation of capital through earnings, or otherwise the Company may be required to raise capital, restrict dividends, or limit originations of certain types of commercial and mortgage loans. If the Company is required to limit originations of certain types of commercial and mortgage loans, it would thereby reduce the amount of credit available to borrowers and limit opportunities to earn interest income from the loan portfolio. The Company also may be compelled to raise capital if regulatory or supervisory requirements change. In addition, the Company may elect to raise capital for strategic reasons even when it is not required to do so. The Company s ability to raise capital on favorable terms or at all will depend on general economic and market conditions, which are outside of its control, and on the Company s operating and financial performance. Accordingly, the Company 
 15 

cannot be assured of its ability to raise capital when needed or on favorable terms. An inability to raise capital when needed or on favorable terms could damage the performance and value of its business, prompt regulatory intervention, and harm its reputation, and if the condition were to persist for any appreciable period of time, its viability as a going concern could be threatened . If the Company is able to raise capital and does so by issuing common stock or convertible securities, the ownership interest of its existing stock holders could be diluted, and the market price of its common s tock could decline. 
 The market price of the Company s common stock could be adversely impacted by banking, antitrust, or corporate laws that have or are perceived as having an anti-takeover effect. Banking and antitrust laws, including associated regulatory-approval requirements, impose significant restrictions on the acquisition of direct or indirect control over any bank holding company, including the Company. Acquisition of ten percent or more of any class of voting stock of a bank holding company or depository institution, including shares of its common stock, generally creates a rebuttable presumption that the acquirer controls the bank holding company or depository institution. Also, a bank holding company must obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before, among other things, acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 percent of the voting shares of any bank, including the Bank. 
 In addition, a non-negotiated acquisition of control over the Company may be inhibited by provisions of the Company s restated articles of incorporation and bylaws that have been adopted in conformance with applicable corporate law, such as the ability to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the rights, terms, conditions and privileges of such preferred stock without stockholder approval. If any of these restrictions were to operate or be perceived as operating to hinder or deter a potential acquirer for the Company, the market price of the Company s common stock could suffer. 
 The Company s business relies on systems, employees, service providers, and counterparties, and failures or errors by any of them, intellectual property disputes, or other operational risks could adversely affect the Company. The Company engages in a variety of businesses in diverse markets and relies on hosted and on-premises systems, employees, service providers, and counterparties to properly oversee, administer, and process a high volume of transactions and otherwise support our day-to-day operations. This gives rise to meaningful operational risk including the risk of fraud by employees or outside parties, unauthorized access to its premises or systems, errors in processing, failures of technology, breaches of internal controls or compliance safeguards, inadequate integration of acquisitions, human error, unavailability of systems and services, and other breakdowns in business continuity plans. In addition, service providers utilizing technology or other intellectual property in connection with our services may make allegations of patent infringement or other intellectual property rights violations. Depending on the scope of the claim, the Company may have to engage in protracted litigation, which is often time-consuming, expensive and can be disruptive to the Company s operations. If the Company were found to have infringed an intellectual property right, it may be required to pay substantial damages or royalties to a third-party, not all of which may be covered by insurance policies or subject to indemnification by the Company s service provider. These amounts could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Significant financial, business, reputational, regulatory, or other harm could come to the Company as a result of these or related risks and uncertainties. For example, the Company could be negatively impacted if financial, accounting, data-processing, or other systems were to fail or not fully perform their functions. The Company also could be adversely affected if key personnel or a significant number of employees were to become unavailable due to a pandemic, natural disaster, war, act of terrorism, accident, or other reason. These same risks arise as well in connection with the systems and employees of the service providers and counterparties on whom the Company depends as well as their own third-party service providers and counterparties. See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Operational Risk in Part II, Item 7A of this report for a discussion of how the Company monitors and manages operational risk. 
 
 The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us . The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect the Company. Financial services institutions are interrelated because of trading, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. The Company routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, payment processors, and other institutional clients, which may result in payment obligations to the Company or to its clients due to products it has arranged. Many of these transactions expose the Company to credit and market risk that may cause its counterparty or client to default. In addition, the Company is exposed to market risk when the collateral it 
 16 

holds cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the secured obligation. Any losses arising from such occurrences could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 The Company is heavily reliant on technology, and a failure or delay in effectively implementing technology initiatives or anticipating future technology needs or demands could adversely affect the Company s business or performance. Like most financial-services companies, the Company significantly depends on technology to deliver its products and other services and to otherwise conduct business. To remain technologically competitive and operationally efficient, the Company invests in system upgrades, new solutions, and other technology initiatives, including for both internally and externally hosted solutions. Many of these initiatives are of significant duration, are tied to critical systems, and require substantial internal and external resources. Although the Company takes steps to mitigate the risks and uncertainties associated with these initiatives, there is no guarantee that they will be implemented on time, within budget, or without negative operational or customer impact. The Company also may not succeed in anticipating its future technology needs, the technology demands of its customers, or the competitive landscape for technology. In addition, the Company relies upon the expertise and support of service providers to help implement, maintain and/or service certain of its core technology solutions. If the Company cannot effectively manage these service providers, the service parties fail to materially perform, or the Company was to falter in any of the other noted areas, its business or performance could be negatively impacted. 
 Negative publicity outside of the Company s control, or its failure to successfully manage issues arising from its conduct or in connection with the financial-services industry generally, could damage the Company s reputation and adversely affect its business or performance. The performance and value of the Company s business could be negatively impacted by any reputational harm that it may suffer. This harm could arise from negative publicity outside of its control or its failure to adequately address issues arising from its own conduct or in connection with the financial-services industry generally. Risks to the Company s reputation could arise in any number of contexts for example, cyber incidents and other security breaches, mergers and acquisitions, lending or investment-management practices, actual or potential conflicts of interest, failures to prevent money laundering, corporate governance, and unethical behavior and practices committed by Company employees or competitors in the financial services industry. 
 The Company faces intense competition from other financial-services and financial-services technology companies, and competitive pressures could adversely affect the Company s business or performance. The Company faces intense competition in each of its business segments and in all of its markets and geographic regions, and the Company expects competitive pressures to intensify in the future especially in light of recent legislative and regulatory initiatives, technological innovations that alter the barriers to entry, current economic and market conditions, and government monetary and fiscal policies. Competition with financial-services technology companies, or technology companies partnering with financial-services companies, may be particularly intense, due to, among other things, differing regulatory environments. See Competition in Part I, Item 1 of this report. Competitive pressures may drive the Company to take actions that the Company might otherwise eschew, such as lowering the interest rates or fees on loans or raising the interest rates on deposits in order to keep or attract high-quality customers. These pressures also may accelerate actions that the Company might otherwise elect to defer, such as substantial investments in technology or infrastructure. The Company has certain businesses that utilize wholesale models which can lead to customer concentrations for those businesses that, if negatively impacted by new entrants, competitive pressures, or consolidations, could affect the Company s fee income. Whatever the reason, actions that the Company takes in response to competition may adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. These consequences could be exacerbated if the Company is not successful in introducing new products and other services, achieving market acceptance of its products and other services, developing and maintaining a strong customer base, or prudently managing expenses. 
 The Company s internal controls, risk-management and compliance programs or functions may not be effective in identifying and mitigating risk and loss. The Company maintains standards on internal controls (including over financial reporting), and related disclosures which are regularly reviewed by management, as well as an enterprise risk-management program that is designed to identify, quantify, monitor, report, and control the risks that it faces. These include interest-rate risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk, operational risk, reputational risk, and compliance risk. The Company also maintains a compliance program to identify, measure, assess, and report on its adherence to applicable law, policies, and procedures. While the Company assesses and improves these controls and programs on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that its frameworks or models for risk management, compliance, and related controls will effectively mitigate risk and limit losses in its business. If conditions or circumstances arise that expose flaws or gaps in the Company s risk-management or compliance programs or if its 
 17 

controls break down, the performance and value of the Company s business could be adversely affected. The Company could be negatively impacted as well if, despite adequate programs being in place, its risk-management or compliance personnel are ineffective in executing them and mitigating risk and loss. 
 Liquidity is essential to the Company and its business or performance could be adversely affected by constraints in, or increased costs for, funding. The Company defines liquidity as the ability to fund increases in assets and meet obligations as they come due, all without incurring unacceptable losses. Banks are especially vulnerable to liquidity risk because of their role in the maturity transformation of demand or short-term deposits into longer-term loans or other extensions of credit. The Company, like other financial-services companies, relies to a significant extent on external sources of funding (such as deposits and borrowings) for the liquidity needed to conduct its business. A number of factors beyond the Company s control, however, could have a detrimental impact on the availability or cost of that funding and thus on its liquidity. These factors include market disruptions, changes in its credit ratings or the sentiment of its investors, the state of the regulatory environment and monetary and fiscal policies, declines in the value of its investment securities, the loss of substantial deposits or customer relationships, financial or systemic shocks, significant counterparty failures, and reputational damage. Unexpected declines or limits on the dividends declared and paid by the Company s subsidiaries also could adversely affect its liquidity position. While the Company s policies and controls are designed to ensure that it maintains adequate liquidity to conduct its business in the ordinary course even in a stressed environment, there can be no assurance that its liquidity position will never become compromised. In such an event, the Company may be required to sell assets at a loss in order to continue its operations. This could damage the performance and value of its business, prompt regulatory intervention, and harm its reputation, and if the condition were to persist for any appreciable period of time, its viability as a going concern could be threatened. See Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Liquidity Risk in Part II, Item 7A of this report for a discussion of how the Company monitors and manages liquidity risk. 
 If the Company s subsidiaries are unable to make dividend payments or distributions to the Company, it may be unable to satisfy its obligations to counterparties or creditors or make dividend payments to its stockholders. The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from its bank and nonbank subsidiaries and depends on dividend payments and distributions from those subsidiaries to fund its obligations to counterparties and creditors and its dividend payments to stockholders. See Regulation and Supervision Requirements Affecting the Relationships among the Company, Its Subsidiaries, and Other Affiliates in Part I, Item 1 of this report. Any of the Company s subsidiaries, however, may be unable to make dividend payments or distributions to the Company, including as a result of a deterioration in the subsidiary s performance, investments in the subsidiary s own future growth, or regulatory or supervisory requirements. If any subsidiary were unable to remain viable as a going concern, moreover, the Company s right to participate in a distribution of assets would be subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary s creditors (including, in the case of the Bank, its depositors and the FDIC). 
 An inability to attract, retain, or motivate qualified employees could adversely affect the Company s business or performance. Skilled employees are the Company s most important resource, and competition for talented people is intense. Even though compensation is among the Company s highest expenses, it may not be able to locate and hire the best people, keep them with the Company, or properly motivate them to perform at a high level. Recent scrutiny of compensation practices, especially in the financial-services industry, has made this only more difficult. In addition, some parts of the Company s business are particularly dependent on key personnel, including investment management, asset servicing, and commercial lending. If the Company were to lose and find itself unable to replace these personnel or other skilled employees or if the competition for talent drove its compensation costs to unsustainable levels, the Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition could be negatively impacted. 
 The Company is subject to a variety of litigation and other proceedings, which could adversely affect its business or performance. The Company is involved from time to time in a variety of judicial, alternative-dispute, and other proceedings arising out of its business or operations. The Company establishes reserves for claims when appropriate under generally accepted accounting principles, but costs often can be incurred in connection with a matter before any reserve has been created. The Company also maintains insurance policies to mitigate the cost of litigation and other proceedings, but these policies have deductibles, limits, and exclusions that may diminish their value or efficacy. Despite the Company s efforts to appropriately reserve for claims and insure its business and operations, the actual costs associated with resolving a claim may be substantially higher than amounts reserved or covered. Substantial legal claims, even if not meritorious, could have a detrimental impact on the Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition and could cause reputational harm. 
 18 

Changes in accounting standards could impact the Company s financial statements and reported earnings. Accounting standard-setting bodies, such as the Financial Accounting Standards Board, periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards that affect the preparation of the Company s Consolidated Financial S tatements. These changes are beyond the Company s control and could h ave a meaningful impact on its Consolidated Financial S tatements. 
 The Company s selection of accounting methods, assumptions, and estimates could impact its financial statements and reported earnings. To comply with generally accepted accounting principles, management must sometimes exercise judgment in selecting, determining, and applying accounting methods, assumptions, and estimates. This can arise, for example, in the determination of the allowance for credit losses. Furthermore, accounting methods, assumptions and estimates are part of acquisition purchase accounting and the calculation of the fair value of assets and liabilities that have been purchased, including credit-impaired loans. The judgments required of management can involve difficult, subjective, or complex matters with a high degree of uncertainty, and several different judgments could be reasonable under the circumstances and yet result in significantly different results being reported. See Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in Part II, Item 7 of this report. If management s judgments are later determined to have been inaccurate, the Company may experience unexpected losses that could be substantial. 
 The Company s ability to engage in opportunistic mergers and acquisitions is subject to significant risks, including the risk that government authorities will not provide the requisite approvals, the risk that integrating acquisitions may be more difficult, costly, or time consuming than expected, and the risk that the value of acquisitions may be less than anticipated. The Company may make opportunistic acquisitions of other financial-services companies or businesses from time to time. These acquisitions may be subject to regulatory approval, and there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain that approval in a timely manner or at all. Even when the Company is able to obtain regulatory approval, the failure of other closing conditions to be satisfied or waived could delay the completion of an acquisition for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring altogether. Any failure or delay in closing an acquisition could adversely affect the Company s reputation, business, results of operations, financial condition, or prospects. 
 Additionally, acquisitions involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including lower-than-expected performance or higher-than-expected costs, difficulties related to integration, diversion of management s attention from other business activities, changes in relationships with customers or counterparties, and the potential loss of key employees. An acquisition also could be dilutive to the Company s current stockholders if preferred stock, common stock, or securities convertible into preferred stock or common stock were issued to fully or partially pay or fund the purchase price. The Company, moreover, may not be successful in identifying acquisition candidates, integrating acquired companies or businesses, or realizing the expected value from acquisitions. There is significant competition for valuable acquisition targets, and the Company may not be able to acquire other companies or businesses on attractive terms or at all. There can be no assurance that the Company will pursue future acquisitions, and the Company s ability to grow and successfully compete in its markets and regions may be impaired if it chooses not to pursue, or is unable to successfully complete, acquisitions. 
 
 The Company faces risks in connection with its strategic undertakings and new business initiatives. The Company is engaged, and may in the future engage, in strategic activities including acquisitions, joint ventures, partnerships, investments or other business growth initiatives or undertakings. There can be no assurance that the Company will successfully identify appropriate opportunities, that it will be able to negotiate or finance such activities or that such activities, if undertaken, will be successful. The Company is focused on its long-term growth and has undertaken various strategic activities and business initiatives, some of which may involve activities that are new to it. For example, in the future the Company may engage in or focus on new lines of business, financial technologies, and other activities that are outside of its current product offerings. These new initiatives may subject the Company to, among other risks, increased business, reputational and operational risk, as well as more complex legal, regulatory and compliance costs and risks. Its ability to execute strategic activities and new business initiatives successfully will depend on a variety of factors. These factors likely will vary based on the nature of the activity but may include the Company s success in integrating an acquired company or a new internally-developed growth initiative into its business, operations, services, products, personnel and systems, operating effectively with any partner with whom it elects to do business, meeting applicable regulatory requirements and obtaining applicable regulatory licenses or other approvals, hiring or retaining key employees, achieving anticipated synergies, meeting management's expectations, actually realizing the anticipated benefits of the activities, and overall general market conditions. The Company s ability to address these matters successfully cannot be assured. In addition, its strategic efforts may divert resources or management's attention from ongoing business operations and may subject the 
 19 

Company to additional regulatory scrutiny and potential liability. If the Company does not successfully execute a strategic undertaking, it could adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation or growth prospects. 
 
 Expectations around Environmental, Social and Governance practices, as well as climate change, and related legislative and regulatory initiatives may result in additional risk and operational changes and expenditures that could significantly impact the Company s business. Companies are facing increased scrutiny from customers, regulators and other stakeholders with respect to their environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices and disclosures. Institutional investors, and investor advocacy groups, in particular, are increasingly focused on these matters, and expectations in many of these areas can vary widely. In addition, increased ESG related compliance costs could result in increases to the Company s overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards, and fluctuations in these standards, could negatively impact the Company s reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, and its stock price. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. 
 
 In addition to regulatory and investor expectations on environmental matters in general, the current and anticipated effects of climate change are creating an increasing level of concern for the state of the global environment. As a result, political and social attention to the issue of climate change has increased. In recent years, governments across the world have entered into international agreements to attempt to reduce global temperatures, in part by limiting greenhouse gas emissions. The United States Congress, state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies have continued to propose and advance numerous legislative and regulatory initiatives seeking to mitigate the effects of climate change. These agreements and measures may result in the imposition of taxes and fees, the required purchase of emission credits, and the implementation of significant operational changes, each of which may require the Company to expend significant capital and incur compliance, operating, maintenance and remediation costs. Given the lack of empirical data on the credit and other financial risks posed by climate change, it is impossible to predict how climate change may impact the Company s financial condition and operations however, as a banking organization, the physical effects of climate change may present certain unique risks to the Company. For example, weather disasters, shifts in local climates and other disruptions related to climate change may adversely affect the value of real properties securing the Company s loans, which could diminish the value of the Company s loan portfolio. Such events may also cause reductions in regional and local economic activity that may have an adverse effect on the Company s customers, which could limit the Company s ability to raise and invest capital in these areas and communities, each of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 There are no unresolved comments from the staff of the SEC required to be disclosed herein as of the date of this report. 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The Company's headquarters building is located at 1010 Grand Boulevard in downtown Kansas City, Missouri. The building opened in July 1986 and all 250,000 square feet are occupied by departments and customer service functions of the Bank, as well as administrative offices for the Company. 
 Other main facilities of the Bank in downtown Kansas City, Missouri are located at 928 Grand Boulevard (215,000 square feet) and 1008 Oak Street (200,000 square feet). The 928 Grand building houses administrative support functions for the Bank. The 1008 Oak building, which opened during 1999, houses the Company s operations and data processing functions. 
 The Bank leases 48,771 square feet in the Hertz Building located at 2 South Broadway in the heart of the commercial sector of downtown St. Louis, Missouri. This location has a full-service banking center and is home to administrative support functions for the Bank. 
 The Bank also leases 34,681 square feet on the first, second, and fifth floors of the 1670 Broadway building located in the financial district of downtown Denver, Colorado. The location has a full-service banking center and is home to operational and administrative support functions for the Bank. 
 20 

As of December 31, 202 2 , the Bank operated a total of 89 banking centers. 
 UMBFS leases 85,164 square feet at 235 West Galena Street in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for its fund services operations. Additionally, UMBFS leases 18,655 square feet at 2225 Washington Boulevard in Ogden, Utah, and 8,339 square feet at 223 Wilmington West Chester Pike in Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania. 
 Additional information with respect to properties, premises and equipment is presented in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 8, Premises, Equipment, and Leases, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report, and is hereby incorporated by reference herein. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 In the normal course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are named defendants in various legal proceedings. In the opinion of management, after consultation with legal counsel, none of these proceedings are expected to have a material effect on the financial position, results of operations, or cash flows of the Company. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 21 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The Company's common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Stock Market under the symbol "UMBF." As of February 16, 2023, the Company had 1,324 shareholders of record. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 The following table provides information about common stock repurchase activity by the Company during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Period 

Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

October 1 - October 31, 2022 

1,895,707 

November 1 - November 30, 2022 

1,623 

82.74 

1,623 

1,894,084 

December 1 - December 31, 2022 

563 

100.25 

563 

1,893,521 

Total 

2,186 

87.25 

2,186 

On April 26, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board) authorized the repurchase of up to two million shares of the Company s common stock, which will terminate on April 25, 2023 (a Repurchase Authorization). The Company has not made any repurchases other than through this Repurchase Authorization. The Company is not currently engaging in repurchases. In the future, it may determine to resume repurchases. All share purchases pursuant to a Repurchase Authorization are intended to be within the scope of Rule 10b-18 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 provides a safe harbor for purchases in a given day if the Company satisfies the manner, timing and volume conditions of the rule when purchasing its own shares of common stock. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 The performance graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return on UMB Financial Corporation Common Stock with the cumulative total return on the equity securities of companies included in the Standard & Poor s 500 Stock Index and the S&P US BMI Banks Index, measured at the last trading day of each year shown. The graph assumes an investment of 100 on December 31, 2017 and reinvestment of dividends. The performance graph represents past performance and should not be considered to be an indication of future performance. 

22 

Index 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

UMB Financial Corporation 

100.00 

86.14 

98.81 

101.42 

158.25 

126.66 

S&P US BMI Banks Index 

100.00 

83.54 

114.74 

100.10 

136.10 

112.89 

S&P 500 Index 

100.00 

95.62 

125.72 

148.85 

191.58 

156.88 

23 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis highlights the material changes in the results of operations and changes in financial condition for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022. It should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and other financial statistics appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Results of operations for the periods included in this review are not necessarily indicative of results to be attained during any future period. 
 CAUTIONARY NOTICE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 From time to time the Company has made, and in the future will make, forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements often use words such as believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, project, outlook, forecast, target, trend, plan, goal, or other words of comparable meaning or future-tense or conditional verbs such as may, will, should, would, or could. Forward-looking statements convey the Company s expectations, intentions, or forecasts about future events, circumstances, results, or aspirations. 
 This report, including any information incorporated by reference in this report, contains forward-looking statements. The Company also may make forward-looking statements in other documents that are filed or furnished with the SEC. In addition, the Company may make forward-looking statements orally or in writing to investors, analysts, members of the media, or others. 
 All forward-looking statements, by their nature, are subject to assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, which may change over time and many of which are beyond the Company s control. You should not rely on any forward-looking statement as a prediction or guarantee about the future. Actual future objectives, strategies, plans, prospects, performance, conditions, or results may differ materially from those set forth in any forward-looking statement. While no list of assumptions, risks, or uncertainties could be complete, some of the factors that may cause actual results or other future events, circumstances, or aspirations to differ from those in forward-looking statements include: 

local, regional, national, or international business, economic, or political conditions or events 

changes in laws or the regulatory environment, including as a result of financial-services legislation or regulation 

changes in monetary, fiscal, or trade laws or policies, including as a result of actions by central banks or supranational authorities 

the pace and magnitude of interest rate movements 

changes in accounting standards or policies 

shifts in investor sentiment or behavior in the securities, capital, or other financial markets, including changes in market liquidity or volatility or changes in interest or currency rates 

changes in spending, borrowing, or saving by businesses or households 

the Company s ability to effectively manage capital or liquidity or to effectively attract or deploy deposits 

changes in any credit rating assigned to the Company or its affiliates 

adverse publicity or other reputational harm to the Company 

changes in the Company s corporate strategies, the composition of its assets, or the way in which it funds those assets 

the Company s ability to develop, maintain, or market products or services or to absorb unanticipated costs or liabilities associated with those products or services 

 24 

the Company s ability to innovate to anticipate the needs of current or future customers, to successfully compete in its chosen business lines, to increase or hold market share in changing competitive environments, or to deal with pricing or other competitive pressures 

changes in the credit, liquidity, or other condition of the Company s customers, counterparties, or competitors 

the Company s ability to effectively deal with economic, business, or market slowdowns or disruptions 

judicial, regulatory, or administrative investigations, proceedings, disputes, or rulings that create uncertainty for, or are adverse to, the Company or the financial-services industry 

the Company s ability to address changing or stricter regulatory or other governmental supervision or requirements 

the Company s ability to maintain secure and functional financial, accounting, technology, data processing, or other operating systems or facilities, including its capacity to withstand cyber-attacks 

the adequacy of the Company s corporate governance, risk-management framework, compliance programs, or internal controls, including its ability to control lapses or deficiencies in financial reporting or to effectively mitigate or manage operational risk 

the efficacy of the Company s methods or models in assessing business strategies or opportunities or in valuing, measuring, monitoring, or managing positions or risk 

the Company s ability to keep pace with changes in technology that affect the Company or its customers, counterparties, or competitors 

mergers, acquisitions, or dispositions, including the Company s ability to integrate acquisitions and divest assets 

the adequacy of the Company s succession planning for key executives or other personnel 

the Company s ability to grow revenue, control expenses, or attract and retain qualified employees 

natural disasters, war, terrorist activities, pandemics, or the outbreak of COVID-19 or similar outbreaks, and their effects on economic and business environment in which the Company operates 

adverse effects due to COVID-19 on the Company and its customers, counterparties, employees, and third-party service providers, and the adverse impacts to its business, financial position, results of operations, and prospects 

impacts related to or resulting from Russia s military action in Ukraine, such as the broader impacts to financial markets and the global macroeconomic and geopolitical environments or 

other assumptions, risks, or uncertainties described in the Risk Factors (Item 1A), Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Item 7), or the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Item 8) in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or described in any of the Company s annual, quarterly or current reports. 

 Any forward-looking statement made by the Company or on its behalf speaks only as of the date that it was made. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the impact of events, circumstances, or results that arise after the date that the statement was made, except as required by applicable securities laws. You, however, should consult further disclosures (including disclosures of a forward-looking nature) that the Company may make in any subsequent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 Results of Operations 
 Overview 
 
 For over two years, the Company has experienced the impacts of the COVID-19 global pandemic (the COVID-19 pandemic, or the pandemic). Such impacts have included significant volatility in the global stock and fixed income markets, the enactment of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act and the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) administered by the Small Business Administration, and a variety of rulings from the Company s banking regulators. 
 25 

The Company continues to actively monitor developments related to COVID-19 and its impact to its business, customers, employees, counterparties, vendors, and service providers. During 2022, the Company s results of operations included continued maintenance of the allowance for credit losses (ACL) at a level appropriate given the state of key macroeconomic variables utilized in the econometric models. Additionally, the Company continued to see impacts of the volatile equity and debt markets in its fee-based businesses, as well as the impacts of the recent interest rate increases in net interest income. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has necessitated certain actions related to the way the Company operates its business. The Company is carefully monitoring the activities of its vendors and other third-party service providers to mitigate the risks associated with any potential service disruptions. The length of time it may be required to operate under such circumstances and future degrees of disruption remain uncertain. While the Company has not experienced material adverse disruptions to its internal operations due to the pandemic, it continues to review evolving risks and developments. 
 The Company focuses on the following four core financial objectives. Management believes these objectives will guide its efforts to achieve its vision, to deliver the Unparalleled Customer Experience, all while seeking to improve net income and strengthen the balance sheet while undertaking prudent risk management . 
 The first financial objective is to continuously improve operating efficiencies. The Company has focused on identifying efficiencies that simplify its organizational and reporting structures, streamline back-office functions and take advantage of synergies and newer technologies among various platforms and distribution networks. The Company has identified and expects to continue identifying ongoing efficiencies through the normal course of business that, when combined with increased revenue, will contribute to improved operating leverage. For 2022, total revenue increased 14.4 , and noninterest expense increased 7.7 , as compared to the previous year. Revenue for 2022 included a 66.2 million gain realized on the sale of the Company s Visa Inc. Class B common shares. Revenue for 2021 included a loss on the Company s investment in Tattooed Chef, Inc. (TTCF) of 15.4 million. The Company continues to invest in technological advances that it believes will help management drive operating leverage in the future through improved data analysis and automation. The Company also continues to evaluate core systems and will invest in enhancements that it believes will yield operating efficiencies. 
 The second financial objective is to increase net interest income through profitable loan and deposit growth and the optimization of the balance sheet. For 2022, net interest income increased 98.3 million, or 12.1 , as compared to the previous year. The Company has shown increased net interest income through the effects of increased volume and mix of average earning assets, coupled with higher interest rates. This increase was partially offset by higher interest-bearing deposit rates and lower PPP income. There was a decrease of 37.7 million in interest income for loans recorded under the PPP in 2022 as compared to 2021. Average earning assets increased 2.1 billion, or 6.2 , compared to 2021. Average loan balances increased 2.2 billion and average securities increased 1.8 billion, partially offset by a decrease in average interest-bearing due from banks of 1.7 billion from prior year. Average PPP loans decreased 755.1 million as compared to 2021. The funding for these assets was driven primarily by a 2.8 increase in average interest-bearing liabilities and 17.9 increase in noninterest-bearing deposits. Net interest margin, on a tax-equivalent basis, increased 13 basis points compared to the same period in 2021 in large part due to an increase in the benefit of free funds with the increase in short-term interest rates, coupled with the repricing of earning assets. This increase was partially offset by lower liquidity and the repricing of interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest spread contracted by 22 basis points during the same period. 
 The third financial objective is to grow the Company s revenue from noninterest sources. The Company seeks to grow noninterest revenues throughout all economic and interest rate cycles, while positioning itself to benefit in periods of economic growth. Noninterest income increased 87.1 million, or 18.6 , to 554.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021. The increase for 2022 was driven by a 66.2 million gain realized on the sale of the Company s Visa Inc. Class B common shares, coupled with a loss of 15.4 million on the Company s investment in TTCF recognized in 2021. The increase was also driven by increased 12b-1 and money market income. These changes are discussed in greater detail below under Noninterest income. For the year ended December 31, 2022, noninterest income represented 37.8 of total revenues, as compared to 36.4 for 2021. 
 The fourth financial objective is effective capital management. The Company places a significant emphasis on maintaining a strong capital position, which management believes promotes investor confidence, provides access to funding sources under favorable terms, and enhances the Company s ability to capitalize on business growth and 
 26 

acquisition opportunities. The Company continues to maximize shareholder value through a mix of reinvesting in organic growth, evaluating acquisition opportunities that complement the Company s strategies, increasing dividends over time, and appropriately utilizing a share repurchase program. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a total risk-based capital ratio of 1 2 . 50 and 2.7 billion in total shareholders equity, a decrease of 478.3 million, or 15.2 , compared to total shareholders equity at December 31, 2021 , driven by increased accumulated other comprehensive losses. The Company repurchased 333,185 thousand shares of common stock at an average price of 96.03 per share during 2022 and declared 72 . 6 million in dividends, which represents a 7 .9 increase compared to dividends declared during 2021. 
 Earnings Summary 
 The Company recorded consolidated net income of 431.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This represents a 22.3 increase over 2021. Net income for 2021 was 353.0 million, or an increase of 23.2 compared to 2020. Basic earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 8.93 per share compared to 7.31 per share in 2021, an increase of 22.2 . Basic earnings per share were 5.95 per share in 2020, or an increase of 22.9 from 2020 to 2021. Fully diluted earnings per share increased 22.4 from 2021 to 2022 and increased 22.1 from 2020 to 2021. Return on average assets and return on average common shareholder s equity for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1.15 and 15.83 , respectively, compared to 1.00 and 11.43 , respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. Return on average assets and return on average common shareholder s equity for the year ended December 31, 2020 were 1.00 and 10.21 , respectively. 
 The Company s net interest income increased to 913.8 million in 2022 compared to 815.5 million in 2021 and 731.2 million in 2020. In total, net interest income increased 98.3 million, as compared to 2021, primarily driven by a favorable volume variance of 109.6 million, offset by a 11.3 million rate variance. See Table 2. The favorable volume variance on earning assets was predominantly driven by an increase of 2.1 billion, or 6.2 , in average earning assets. In 2022, average loan balances increased 2.2 billion and average securities balances increased 1.8 billion, partially offset by a decrease of 1.7 billion in average interest-bearing due from banks, as compared to 2021. Net interest margin, on a fully tax-equivalent basis (FTE), increased to 2.63 for 2022, compared to 2.50 for the same period in 2021, driven by the benefit of free funds, higher asset yields, offset by increased cost of interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest spread contracted by 22 basis points during the same period. The Company has seen an increase in the benefit from interest-free funds as compared to 2021 driven by the increase in short-term interest rates. The impact of this benefit increased 35 basis points compared to 2021 and is illustrated on Table 3. The magnitude and duration of this impact will be largely dependent upon the FRB s policy decisions and market movements. See Table 18 in Item 7A for an illustration of the impact of an interest rate increase or decrease on net interest income as of December 31, 2022. 
 The provision for credit losses totaled 37.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is an increase of 17.9 million, or 89.5 , compared to the same period in 2021. This change is the result of applying the CECL methodology for computing the allowance for credit losses, coupled with the impacts of loan growth, portfolio metric changes, and changes in macro-economic metrics in the current period as compared to the prior period. See further discussion in Provision and Allowance for Credit Losses in this report. 
 The Company had an increase of 87.1 million, or 18.6 , in noninterest income in 2022, as compared to 2021, and a decrease of 93.0 million, or 16.6 , in 2021, compared to 2020. The increase in 2022 is primarily driven by increased investment securities gains, net of 53.4 million and brokerage fees of 30.8 million. The decrease in 2021 is primarily attributable to a decrease of 115.6 million in investment securities gains, net, offset by an increase in trust and securities processing of 29.5 million. The change in noninterest income in 2022 from 2021, and 2021 from 2020 is illustrated in Table 6. 
 Noninterest expense increased in 2022 by 64.5 million, or 7.7 , compared to 2021 and increased by 11.6 million, or 1.4 , in 2021 compared to 2020. The increase in 2022 is primarily driven by increases in salary and employee benefits expense, processing fees, other miscellaneous expense, bankcard expense, marketing and business development expense, and legal and consulting expense. The increase in 2021 is primarily driven by increases in processing fees and salary and employee benefit expense, offset by lower operating losses and equipment expense. The increase in noninterest expense in 2022 from 2021, and 2021 from 2020 is illustrated in Table 7. 
 27 

Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income is a significant source of the Company s earnings and represents the amount by which interest income on earning assets exceeds the interest expense paid on liabilities. The volume of interest earning assets and the related funding sources, the overall mix of these assets and liabilities, and the interest rates paid on each affect net interest income. Table 2 summarizes the change in net interest income resulting from changes in volume and rates for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Net interest margin, presented in Table 1, is calculated as net interest income on a fully tax-equivalent basis as a percentage of average earning assets. Net interest income is presented on a tax-equivalent basis to adjust for the tax-exempt status of earnings from certain loans and investments, which are primarily obligations of state and local governments. A critical component of net interest income and related net interest margin is the percentage of earning assets funded by interest-free sources. Table 3 analyzes net interest margin for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Net interest income, average balance sheet amounts and the corresponding yields earned and rates paid for the years 2020 through 2022 are presented in Table 1 below. 
 28 

The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the average earning assets and resulting yields, as well as the average interest-bearing liabilities and resulting yields, expressed in both dollars and rates. 
 Table 1 
 THREE YEAR AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS/YIELDS AND RATES (tax-equivalent basis) 
 (in millions) 

2022 

2021 

Average Balance 

Interest Income/ Expense (1) 

Rate Earned/ Paid (1) 

Average Balance 

Interest Income/ Expense (1) 

Rate Earned/ Paid (1) 

ASSETS 

Loans and loans held for sale (FTE) (2) (3) 

18,823.8 

810.1 

4.30 

16,629.9 

619.3 

3.72 

Securities: 

Taxable 

9,616.7 

192.1 

2.00 

7,422.4 

127.6 

1.72 

Tax-exempt (FTE) 

3,885.1 

122.8 

3.16 

4,247.0 

124.5 

2.93 

Total securities 

13,501.8 

314.9 

2.33 

11,669.4 

252.1 

2.16 

Federal funds sold and resell agreements 

965.9 

19.1 

1.98 

1,234.5 

10.1 

0.81 

Interest-bearing due from banks 

2,408.5 

18.6 

0.77 

4,063.1 

5.4 

0.13 

Other earning assets (FTE) 

12.1 

0.6 

4.96 

23.5 

1.0 

4.33 

Total earning assets (FTE) 

35,712.1 

1,163.3 

3.26 

33,620.4 

887.9 

2.64 

Allowance for credit losses 

(184.1 

(204.7 

Cash and due from banks 

420.0 

460.1 

Other assets 

1,631.0 

1,452.8 

Total assets 

37,579.0 

35,328.6 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Interest-bearing demand and savings deposits 

17,333.0 

162.2 

0.94 

16,982.9 

24.1 

0.14 

Time deposits under 250,000 

95.0 

0.7 

0.74 

242.0 

0.8 

0.33 

Time deposits of 250,000 or more 

635.5 

4.6 

0.72 

453.2 

1.5 

0.33 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

18,063.5 

167.5 

0.93 

17,678.1 

26.4 

0.15 

Borrowed funds 

309.2 

15.5 

5.00 

270.5 

12.7 

4.68 

Federal funds purchased 

249.7 

5.2 

2.10 

163.8 

0.04 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

2,527.4 

35.5 

1.40 

2,454.3 

6.9 

0.28 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

21,149.8 

223.7 

1.06 

20,566.7 

46.0 

0.22 

Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 

13,264.1 

11,254.8 

Other 

438.8 

418.0 

Total 

34,852.7 

32,239.5 

Total shareholders' equity 

2,726.3 

3,089.1 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

37,579.0 

35,328.6 

Net interest income (FTE) 

939.6 

841.9 

Net interest spread (FTE) 

2.20 

2.42 

Net interest margin (FTE) 

2.63 

2.50 

(1) 
 
 Interest income and yields are stated on an FTE basis, using a marginal tax rate of 21 for 2022, 2021, and 2020. The tax-equivalent interest income and yields give effect to tax-exempt interest income net of the disallowance of interest expense, for federal income tax purposes related to certain tax-free assets. Rates earned/paid may not compute to the rates shown due to presentation in millions. The tax-equivalent interest income totaled 25.8 million, 26.3 million, and 26.7 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

(2) 
 
 Loan fees are included in interest income. Such fees totaled 18.2 million, 17.1 million, and 13.7 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

(3) 
 
 Loans on nonaccrual are included in the computation of average balances. Interest income on these loans is also included in loan income. 

 29 

THREE YEAR AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS/YIELDS AND RATES (tax-equivalent basis) 
 (in millions) 

2020 

Average Balance 

Interest Income/ Expense (1) 

Rate Earned/ Paid (1) 

ASSETS 

Loans and loans held for sale (FTE) (2) (3) 

15,126.1 

586.0 

3.87 

Securities: 

Taxable 

5,256.7 

105.7 

2.01 

Tax-exempt (FTE) 

4,226.4 

126.3 

2.99 

Total securities 

9,483.1 

232.0 

2.45 

Federal funds sold and resell agreements 

1,099.4 

11.8 

1.08 

Interest-bearing due from banks 

1,218.9 

3.8 

0.31 

Other earning assets (FTE) 

37.1 

1.6 

4.28 

Total earning assets (FTE) 

26,964.6 

835.2 

3.10 

Allowance for credit losses 

(184.5 

Cash and due from banks 

440.5 

Other assets 

1,347.5 

Total assets 

28,568.1 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Interest-bearing demand and savings deposits 

14,446.2 

49.1 

0.34 

Time deposits under 250,000 

488.3 

5.0 

1.02 

Time deposits of 250,000 or more 

402.0 

4.1 

1.02 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

15,336.5 

58.2 

0.38 

Borrowed funds 

137.0 

7.3 

5.30 

Federal funds purchased 

60.3 

0.2 

0.26 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

1,963.5 

11.6 

0.59 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

17,497.3 

77.3 

0.44 

Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 

7,845.6 

Other 

420.2 

Total 

25,763.1 

Total shareholders' equity 

2,805.0 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

28,568.1 

Net interest income (FTE) 

757.9 

Net interest spread (FTE) 

2.66 

Net interest margin (FTE) 

2.81 

30 

Table 2 
 RATE-VOLUME ANALYSIS (in thousands) 
 This analysis attributes changes in net interest income either to changes in average balances or to changes in average interest rates for earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The change in net interest income that is due to both volume and interest rate has been allocated to volume and interest rate in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amount of the change in each. All interest rates are presented on a tax-equivalent basis and give effect to tax-exempt interest income net of the disallowance of interest expense for federal income tax purposes, related to certain tax-free assets. The loan average balances and rates include nonaccrual loans. 

Average Volume 

Average Rate 

Increase (Decrease) 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

2022 vs. 2021 

Volume 

Rate 

Total 

Change in interest earned on: 

18,823,810 

16,629,867 

4.30 

3.72 

Loans 

87,505 

103,229 

190,734 

Securities: 

9,616,691 

7,422,432 

2.00 

1.72 

Taxable 

41,676 

22,820 

64,496 

3,885,153 

4,246,943 

3.16 

2.93 

Tax-exempt 

(10,751 

9,636 

(1,115 

965,911 

1,234,533 

1.98 

0.81 

Federal funds and resell agreements 

(2,599 

11,660 

9,061 

2,408,468 

4,063,089 

0.77 

0.13 

Interest-bearing due from banks 

(3,034 

16,199 

13,165 

12,076 

23,480 

4.96 

4.33 

Trading securities 

(492 

149 

(343 

35,712,109 

33,620,344 

3.26 

2.64 

Total 

112,305 

163,693 

275,998 

Change in interest incurred on: 

18,063,498 

17,678,122 

0.93 

0.15 

Interest-bearing deposits 

589 

140,552 

141,141 

249,663 

163,744 

2.10 

0.04 

Federal funds purchased 

56 

5,109 

5,165 

2,527,426 

2,454,290 

1.40 

0.28 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

211 

28,393 

28,604 

309,204 

270,498 

5.00 

4.68 

Borrowed Funds 

1,895 

917 

2,812 

21,149,791 

20,566,654 

1.06 

0.22 

Total 

2,751 

174,971 

177,722 

Net interest income 

109,554 

(11,278 

98,276 

Average Volume 

Average Rate 

Increase (Decrease) 

2021 

2020 

2021 

2020 

2021 vs. 2020 

Volume 

Rate 

Total 

Change in interest earned on: 

16,629,867 

15,126,110 

3.72 

3.87 

Loans 

56,636 

(23,320 

33,316 

Securities: 

7,422,432 

5,256,715 

1.72 

2.01 

Taxable 

38,880 

(16,956 

21,924 

4,246,943 

4,226,363 

2.93 

2.99 

Tax-exempt 

689 

(2,204 

(1,515 

1,234,533 

1,099,447 

0.81 

1.08 

Federal funds and resell agreements 

1,336 

(3,128 

(1,792 

4,063,089 

1,218,919 

0.13 

0.31 

Interest-bearing due from banks 

4,757 

(3,084 

1,673 

23,480 

37,086 

4.33 

4.28 

Trading securities 

(592 

19 

(573 

33,620,344 

26,964,640 

2.64 

3.10 

Total 

101,706 

(48,673 

53,033 

Change in interest incurred on: 

17,678,122 

15,336,492 

0.15 

0.38 

Interest-bearing deposits 

7,804 

(39,606 

(31,802 

163,744 

60,314 

0.04 

0.26 

Federal funds purchased 

119 

(206 

(87 

2,454,290 

1,963,499 

0.28 

0.59 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

2,414 

(7,180 

(4,766 

270,498 

136,957 

4.68 

5.30 

Borrowed Funds 

6,337 

(941 

5,396 

20,566,654 

17,497,262 

0.22 

0.44 

Total 

16,674 

(47,933 

(31,259 

Net interest income 

85,032 

(740 

84,292 

31 

Table 3 
 ANALYSIS OF NET INTEREST MARGIN (in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Average earning assets 

35,712,109 

33,620,344 

26,964,640 

Interest-bearing liabilities 

21,149,791 

20,566,654 

17,497,262 

Interest-free funds 

14,562,318 

13,053,690 

9,467,378 

Free funds ratio (interest free funds to average earning assets) 

40.78 

38.83 

35.11 

Tax-equivalent yield on earning assets 

3.26 

2.64 

3.10 

Cost of interest-bearing liabilities 

1.06 

0.22 

0.44 

Net interest spread 

2.20 

2.42 

2.66 

Benefit of interest-free funds 

0.43 

0.08 

0.15 

Net interest margin 

2.63 

2.50 

2.81 

The Company experienced an increase in net interest income of 98.3 million, or 12.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021. This follows an increase of 84.3 million, or 11.5 , for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to 2020. Average earning assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 2.1 billion, or 6.2 , compared to the same period in 2021. Net interest margin, on a tax-equivalent basis, increased to 2.63 for 2022 compared to 2.50 in 2021. 
 The Company funds a significant portion of its balance sheet with noninterest-bearing demand deposits. Noninterest-bearing demand deposits represented 40.6 , 45.9 and 36.5 of total outstanding deposits as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in 2022 is driven by the increase in short-term interest rates. As illustrated in Table 3, the impact from these interest-free funds was 43 basis points in 2022, as compared to eight basis points in 2021 and 15 basis points in 2020. 
 The Company experienced an increase in net interest income during 2022 due to a volume variance of 109.6 million, offset by a negative rate variance of 11.3 million. The average rate on earning assets during 2022 has increased by 62 basis points, while the average rate on interest-bearing liabilities increased by 84 basis points, resulting in a 22 basis-point decrease in spread. The volume of loans has increased from an average of 16.6 billion in 2021 to an average of 18.8 billion in 2022, driven by organic loan growth. The volume of interest-bearing liabilities increased from 20.6 billion in 2021 to 21.1 billion in 2022. The Company expects to see continued volatility in the economic markets and governmental responses to inflation, geopolitical tensions, supply chain constraints, and the COVID-19 pandemic. These changing economic conditions and governmental responses could have impacts on the balance sheet and income statement of the Company in 2023. Loan-related earning assets tend to generate a higher spread than those earned in the Company s investment portfolio. By design, the Company s investment portfolio is moderate in duration and liquid in its composition of assets. 
 During 2023, approximately 1.1 billion of available-for-sale securities are expected to have principal repayments. This includes approximately 235 million which will have principal repayments during the first quarter of 2023. The available-for-sale investment portfolio had an average life of 62.3 months, 67.6 months, and 70.1 months as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Provision and Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The ACL represents management s judgment of total expected losses included in the Company s loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. The Company s process for recording the ACL is based on the evaluation of the Company s lifetime historical loss experience, management s understanding of the credit quality inherent in the loan portfolio, and the impact of the current economic environment, coupled with reasonable and supportable economic forecasts. 
 A mathematical calculation of an estimate is made to assist in determining the adequacy and reasonableness of management s recorded ACL. To develop the estimate, the Company follows the guidelines in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (ASC 326). The estimate reserves for assets held at amortized cost and any related credit deterioration in the Company s available-for-sale debt security portfolio. Assets held at amortized cost include the Company s loan book and held-to-maturity security portfolio. 
 32 

The process involves the consideration of quantitative and qualitative factors relevant to the specific segmentation of loans. These factors have been established over decades of financial institution experience and include economic observation and loan loss characteristics. This process is designed to produce a lifetime estimate of the losses, at a reporting date, that includes evaluation of historical loss experience, current economic conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts, and the qualitative framework outlined by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency in the published 2020 Interagency Policy Statement. This process allows management to take a holistic view of the recorded ACL reserve and ensure that all significant and pertinent information is considered. 
 The Company considers a variety of factors to ensure the safety and soundness of its estimate including a strong internal control framework, extensive methodology documentation, credit underwriting standards which encompass the Company s desired risk profile, model validation, and ratio analysis. If the Company s total ACL estimate, as determined in accordance with the approved ACL methodology, is either outside a reasonable range based on review of economic indicators or by comparison of historical ratio analysis, the ACL estimate is an outlier and management will investigate the underlying reason(s). Based on that investigation, issues or factors that previously had not been considered may be identified in the estimation process, which may warrant adjustments to estimated credit losses. 
 The ending result of this process is a recorded consolidated ACL that represents management s best estimate of the total expected losses included in the loan portfolio, held-to-maturity securities, and credit deterioration in available-for-sale securities. 
 Table 4 presents the components of the allowance by loan portfolio segment. The Company manages the ACL against the risk in the entire loan portfolio and therefore, the allocation of the ACL to a particular loan segment may change in the future. Management of the Company believes the present ACL is adequate considering the Company s loss experience, delinquency trends and current economic conditions. Future economic conditions and borrowers ability to meet their obligations, however, are uncertainties which could affect the Company s ACL and/or need to change its current level of provision. For more information on loan portfolio segments and ACL methodology refer to Note 3, Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Table 4 
 ALLOCATION OF ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES ON LOANS (in thousands) 
 This table presents an allocation of the allowance for credit losses on loans and percent of loans to total loans by loan portfolio segment, which represents the total expected losses derived by both quantitative and qualitative methods. The amounts presented are not necessarily indicative of actual future charge-offs in any particular category and are subject to change. 

2022 

2021 

At December 31: 

Allowance for credit losses 

Percent of loans to total loans 

Allowance for credit losses 

Percent of loans to total loans 

Commercial and industrial 

136,737 

43.7 

123,732 

42.3 

Specialty lending 

2.9 

1,738 

3.0 

Commercial real estate 

39,370 

36.2 

56,265 

36.5 

Consumer real estate 

6,148 

12.9 

3,921 

13.5 

Consumer 

494 

0.7 

845 

0.8 

Credit cards 

6,866 

2.1 

6,075 

2.3 

Leases and other 

2,221 

1.5 

2,195 

1.6 

Total allowance for credit losses on loans 

191,836 

100.0 

194,771 

100.0 

Table 5 presents a summary of the Company s ACL for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Also, please see Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Credit Risk Management in this report for information relating to nonaccrual, past due, restructured loans, and other credit risk matters. For more information on loan portfolio segments and ACL methodology refer to Note 3, Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 33 

As illustrated in Table 5 below, the ACL decreased as a percentage of total loans to 0.91 as of December 31, 2022, compared to 1.13 as of December 31, 2021. The provision for credit losses, including provision for off-balance sheet credit exposures, totaled 37.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is a n in crease of 17.9 million, or 89.5 , compared to the same period in 2021. The provision for credit losses, including provision for off-balance sheet credit exposures , totaled 20.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This in crease is the result of the impacts of loan growth, portfolio metric changes, and changes in macro-economic metrics in the current period as compared to the prior period . 
 Table 5 
 ANALYSIS OF ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Allowance January 1 

196,711 

218,583 

Provision for credit losses 

37,400 

23,000 

Charge-offs: 

Commercial 

(37,269 

(13,981 

Specialty lending 

(31,945 

Commercial real estate 

(29 

(1,198 

Consumer real estate 

(57 

(96 

Consumer 

(800 

(2,424 

Credit cards 

(6,150 

(6,011 

Leases and other 

(8 

Total charge-offs 

(44,305 

(55,663 

Recoveries: 

Commercial and industrial 

1,550 

6,694 

Specialty lending 

433 

187 

Commercial real estate 

385 

1,560 

Consumer real estate 

131 

142 

Consumer 

126 

223 

Credit cards 

1,812 

1,967 

Leases and other 

18 

Total recoveries 

4,437 

10,791 

Net charge-offs 

(39,868 

(44,872 

Allowance for credit losses end of period 

194,243 

196,711 

Allowance for credit losses on loans 

191,836 

194,771 

Allowance for credit losses on held-to-maturity securities 

2,407 

1,940 

Loans at end of year, net of unearned interest 

21,031,189 

17,170,871 

Held-to-maturity securities at end of period 

5,861,599 

1,480,416 

Total assets at amortized cost 

26,892,788 

18,651,287 

Average loans, net of unearned interest 

18,822,416 

16,618,350 

Allowance for credit losses on loans to loans at end of period 

0.91 

1.13 

Allowance for credit losses end of period to total assets at amortized cost 

0.72 

1.05 

Allowance as a multiple of net charge-offs 

4.87x 

4.38x 

Net charge-offs to average loans 

0.21 

0.27 

Noninterest Income 
 A key objective of the Company is the growth of noninterest income to provide a diverse source of revenue not directly tied to interest rates. Fee-based services are typically non-credit related and are not generally affected by fluctuations in interest rates. Noninterest income increased in 2022 by 87.1 million, or 18.6 , compared to 2021 and decreased in 2021 by 93.0 million, or 16.6 , compared to 2020. The increase in 2022 is primarily attributable to an increase in investment securities gains, net, coupled with an increase in brokerage fee income and trust and securities processing income. These were partially offset by a decrease in other miscellaneous income. The decrease in 2021 is primarily attributable to a decrease in investment securities gains, net, and brokerage income, partially offset by increased fund services income, corporate trust income, and bankcard income. Changes in Noninterest income are presented in Table 6 below. 
 34 

The Company s fee-based services offer multiple products and services , which management believes will more closely align with customer product demand s . The Company is currently emphasizing fee-based services including trust and securities processing, bankcard, securities trading and brokerage and cash and treasury management. Management believes that it can offer these products and services both efficiently and profitably, as most have common platforms and support structures. 
 Table 6 
 SUMMARY OF NONINTEREST INCOME (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

Dollar Change 

Percent Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

22-21 

21-20 

22-21 

21-20 

Trust and securities processing 

237,207 

224,126 

194,646 

13,081 

29,480 

5.8 

15.1 

Trading and investment banking 

23,201 

30,939 

32,945 

(7,738 

(2,006 

(25.0 

(6.1 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

85,167 

86,056 

83,879 

(889 

2,177 

(1.0 

2.6 

Insurance fees and commissions 

1,338 

1,309 

1,369 

29 

(60 

2.2 

(4.4 

Brokerage fees 

43,019 

12,171 

24,350 

30,848 

(12,179 

253.5 

(50.0 

Bankcard fees 

73,451 

64,576 

60,544 

8,875 

4,032 

13.7 

6.7 

Investment securities gains, net 

58,444 

5,057 

120,634 

53,387 

(115,577 

1,055.7 

(95.8 

Other 

32,406 

42,941 

41,799 

(10,535 

1,142 

(24.5 

2.7 

Total noninterest income 

554,233 

467,175 

560,166 

87,058 

(92,991 

18.6 

(16.6 

Noninterest income and the year-over-year changes in noninterest income are summarized in Table 6 above. The dollar change and percent change columns highlight the respective net increase or decrease in the categories of noninterest income in 2022 compared to 2021, and in 2021 compared to 2020. 
 Trust and securities processing income consists of fees earned on personal and corporate trust accounts, custody of securities services, trust investments and wealth management services, and mutual fund assets servicing. This income category increased by 13.1 million, or 5.8 in 2022, compared to 2021, and increased by 29.5 million, or 15.1 , in 2021, compared to 2020. During 2022, fund services income increased 12.9 million and corporate trust income increased 6.5 million, partially offset by a decrease in wealth management income of 6.3 million. During 2021, fund services income increased 27.5 million and corporate trust income increased 5.8 million, offset by a decrease in wealth management income of 3.8 million. The recent volatile markets have impacted the income in this category. Since trust and securities processing fees are primarily asset-based, which are highly correlated to the change in market value of the assets, the related income will be affected by changes in the securities markets. Management continues to emphasize sales of services to both new and existing clients as well as increasing and improving the distribution channels. 
 Trading and investment banking income decreased 7.7 million, or 25.0 , in 2022 compared to 2021 and decreased 2.0 million, or 6.1 , in 2021 compared to 2020. These decreases were driven by lower trading volume and lower market values. 
 Service charges on deposits income decreased 0.9 million, or 1.0 , in 2022 compared to 2021 and increased 2.2 million, or 2.6 , in 2021 compared to 2020. The decrease in 2022 compared to 2021 was driven by decreased healthcare services income, partially offset by increased consumer service charge income. The increase in 2021 compared to 2020 was driven by increased corporate service charge income. 
 Brokerage fees increased 30.8 million, or 253.5 , in 2022 compared to 2021 and decreased 12.2 million, or 50.0 , in 2021 compared to 2020. The increase in 2022 compared to 2021 was driven by increased 12b-1 and money market fees driven by the increase in short-term interest rates. The decrease in 2021 compared to 2020 was due to lower money market and 12b-1 income driven by a decrease in volume and interest rates. 
 Bankcard fees increased 8.9 million, or 13.7 , in 2022 compared to 2021, and increased 4.0 million, or 6.7 , in 2021 compared to 2020. These increases were primarily driven by increased interchange income, offset by increased rewards and rebate expense. 
 Investment securities gains, net increased 53.4 million in 2022 compared to 2021 but decreased 115.6 million in 2021 compared to 2020. The increase for 2022 was driven by a 66.2 million gain realized on the sale of 
 35 

the Company s Visa Inc. Class B common shares, coupled with a loss of 15.4 million on the Company s investment in TTCF recognized in 2021 . The decrease in 2021 was driven by the 108.8 million gain on the Company s investment in TTCF in 2020 and th e loss of 15.4 million in 2021 noted above . 
 Other noninterest income decreased 10.5 million, or 24.5 , in 2022 compared to 2021 and increased 1.1 million, or 2.7 , in 2021 compared to 2020. The decrease in 2022 was primarily driven by market value changes in company-owned life insurance income. The increase in 2021 was primarily driven by the gain on sale of the Company s membership interests in PCM during the first quarter of 2021. 
 Noninterest Expense 
 Noninterest expense increased in 2022 by 64.5 million, or 7.7 , compared to 2021 and increased in 2021 by 11.6 million, or 1.4 , compared to 2020. From 2021 to 2022 the increase was driven by increases in salary and employee benefits expense, processing fees, other miscellaneous expense, bankcard expense, and marketing and business development expense. From 2020 to 2021 the increase was driven by processing fees and salary and employee benefits expense, offset by other miscellaneous expense and equipment expense. Table 7 below summarizes the components of noninterest expense and the respective year-over-year changes for each category. 
 Table 7 
 SUMMARY OF NONINTEREST EXPENSE (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

Dollar Change 

Percent Change 

2022 

2021 

2020 

22-21 

21-20 

22-21 

21-20 

Salaries and employee benefits 

524,431 

504,442 

495,464 

19,989 

8,978 

4.0 

1.8 

Occupancy, net 

48,848 

47,345 

47,476 

1,503 

(131 

3.2 

(0.3 

Equipment 

74,259 

78,398 

85,719 

(4,139 

(7,321 

(5.3 

(8.5 

Supplies and services 

13,590 

14,986 

15,537 

(1,396 

(551 

(9.3 

(3.5 

Marketing and business development 

25,699 

18,533 

14,679 

7,166 

3,854 

38.7 

26.3 

Processing fees 

82,227 

67,563 

54,213 

14,664 

13,350 

21.7 

24.6 

Legal and consulting 

39,095 

32,406 

29,765 

6,689 

2,641 

20.6 

8.9 

Bankcard 

26,367 

19,145 

18,954 

7,222 

191 

37.7 

1.0 

Amortization of other intangible assets 

5,037 

4,757 

6,517 

280 

(1,760 

5.9 

(27.0 

Regulatory fees 

15,378 

11,894 

10,279 

3,484 

1,615 

29.3 

15.7 

Other 

43,188 

34,167 

43,402 

9,021 

(9,235 

26.4 

(21.3 

Total noninterest expense 

898,119 

833,636 

822,005 

64,483 

11,631 

7.7 

1.4 

Salaries and employee benefits expense increased 20.0 million, or 4.0 , in 2022 compared to 2021 and 9.0 million, or 1.8 , in 2021 compared to 2020. In 2022, salary and wage expense increased 17.5 million, or 5.9 and bonus and commission expense increased 4.4 million, or 3.5 , driven by business volumes and revenue growth, and higher company performance. These increases were offset by a decrease in employee benefits expense of 1.9 million, or 2.3 . In 2021, bonus and commission expense increased 8.7 million, or 7.5 , driven by business volumes and revenue growth, and higher company performance. Salary and wage expense increased 1.7 million, or 0.6 . These increases were offset by a decrease in employee benefits expense of 1.4 million, or 1.7 . 
 Equipment expense decreased 4.1 million, or 5.3 , in 2022 compared to 2021, and decreased 7.3 million, or 8.5 , from 2020 to 2021. The decreases in both years were driven by lower software expense related to a transition to cloud-based computing solutions. 
 Marketing and business development expense increased 7.2 million, or 38.7 , in 2022 compared to 2021, and increased 3.9 million, or 26.3 , in 2021 compared to 2020. The increases in both years were driven by the timing of advertising and business development projects and higher travel expenses as compared to the prior year. 
 Processing fees expense increased 14.7 million, or 21.7 , in 2022 compared to 2021, and increased 13.4 million, or 24.6 , in 2021 compared to 2020. The increases in 2022 and 2021 were primarily driven by the transition to cloud computing solutions and ongoing investments in digital channel and integrated platform solutions to support business growth and the continued modernization of core systems. 
 36 

Legal and consulting expense increased 6.7 million, or 20.6 , in 2022 compared to 2021 and increased 2.6 million, or 8.9 , in 2021 compared to 2020. These increases were primarily driven by higher consulting expense due to the timing of multiple projects . 
 Bankcard expense increased 7.2 million, or 37.7 , in 2022 compared to 2021 and increased 0.2 million, or 1.0 , in 2021 compared to 2020. The increase in 2022 compared to 2021 was driven by higher card administration costs coupled with higher fraud losses. 
 Other noninterest expense increased 9.0 million, or 26.4 , in 2022 compared to 2021 and decreased 9.2 million, or 21.3 , in 2021 compared to 2020. The increase in 2022 was driven by higher operational losses and increased charitable contributions expense. The decrease in 2021 was driven by lower operational losses, partially offset by higher charitable contributions expense. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income tax expense totaled 100.3 million, 76.0 million, and 52.4 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. These amounts equate to effective tax rates of 18.9 , 17.7 , and 15.5 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate from 2021 to 2022 is primarily attributable to a smaller portion of pre-tax income being earned from tax-exempt municipal securities. The increase in the effective tax rate from 2020 to 2021 is primarily attributable to a smaller portion of pre-tax income being earned from tax-exempt municipal securities and higher state and local income taxes. 
 For further information on income taxes refer to Note 16, Income Taxes, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Business Segments 
 The Company has strategically aligned its operations into the following three reportable segments: Commercial Banking, Institutional Banking, and Personal Banking (collectively, the Business Segments). Senior executive officers regularly evaluate Business Segment financial results produced by the Company s internal reporting system in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance for individual Business Segments. The management accounting system assigns balance sheet and income statement items to each Business Segment using methodologies that are refined on an ongoing basis. For comparability purposes, amounts in all periods are based on methodologies in effect at December 31, 2022. Previously reported results have been reclassified in this Form 10-K to conform to the Company s current organizational structure. 
 Table 8 
 COMMERCIAL BANKING OPERATING RESULTS (in thousands) 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 

Dollar 
 Change 

Percent 
 Change 

2022 

2021 

22-21 

22-21 

Net interest income 

596,031 

579,992 

16,039 

2.8 

Provision for credit losses 

32,851 

15,543 

17,308 

111.4 

Noninterest income 

122,614 

84,417 

38,197 

45.2 

Noninterest expense 

332,912 

306,424 

26,488 

8.6 

Income before taxes 

352,882 

342,442 

10,440 

3.0 

Income tax expense 

66,548 

60,691 

5,857 

9.7 

Net income 

286,334 

281,751 

4,583 

1.6 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, Commercial Banking net income increased 4.6 million, or 1.6 , to 286.3 million compared to the same period in 2021. Net interest income increased 16.0 million, or 2.8 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period last year, primarily driven by strong loan growth, earning asset mix changes, and the increase in short-term interest rates. Provision for credit losses increased 17.3 million as compared to 2021, driven by loan growth, portfolio metric changes, and changes in macro-economic metrics in 2022 as compared to 2021. Noninterest income increased 38.2 million, or 45.2 , over the same period in 2021. This increase was primarily due to an allocated portion of the gain on the sale of Visa Inc. Class B 
 37 

common shares, partially offset by the decline in company-owned life insurance for the year ended December 31 , 2022 as compared to the prior year. Additionally, there were increases of 9.7 million in other investment security gains and 4.6 million in other income, driven by the gain on the sale of the Company s factoring loan portfolio, and 3.8 million in bankcard income, primarily due to increased interchange income. Noninterest expense increased 26.5 million, or 8.6 , as compared to the same period in 202 1 . This increase was driven by a 17.3 million increase in technology, service, and overhead expenses, an increase of 3.1 million in marketing and business development, an increase of 2.1 million in salary and employee benefits expense, an increase of 1.5 million in regulatory fees, an increase of 0.9 million in bankcard expense, and an increase of 0.9 million in operational losses as compared to 2021. 
 Table 9 
 INSTITUTIONAL BANKING OPERATING RESULTS (in thousands) 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 

Dollar 
 Change 

Percent 
 Change 

2022 

2021 

22-21 

22-21 

Net interest income 

159,679 

87,644 

72,035 

82.2 

Provision for credit losses 

495 

630 

(135 

(21.4 

Noninterest income 

323,794 

273,483 

50,311 

18.4 

Noninterest expense 

320,976 

292,142 

28,834 

9.9 

Income before taxes 

162,002 

68,355 

93,647 

137.0 

Income tax expense 

30,551 

12,113 

18,438 

152.2 

Net income 

131,451 

56,242 

75,209 

133.7 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, Institutional Banking net income increased 75.2 million, or 133.7 , compared to the same period last year. Net interest income increased 72.0 million, or 82.2 , compared to the same period last year, due to an increase in funds transfer pricing due to the increase in interest rates. Noninterest income increased 50.3 million, or 18.4 , primarily due to increases of 31.1 million in brokerage fees, 12.9 million in fund services income, 6.5 million in corporate trust income, 3.0 million in bankcard fees, and an allocated portion of the gain on the sale of Visa Inc. Class B common shares. These increases were partially offset by decreases of 7.7 million and 3.0 million in bond trading income and service charges on deposits, respectively, coupled with a decline in company-owned life insurance compared to the same period last year. Noninterest expense increased 28.8 million, or 9.9 as compared to 2021. This increase was primarily driven by increases of 18.3 million in salary and employee benefits expense, 4.7 million in bankcard expense, 4.5 million in technology, service, and overhead expenses , 2.6 million in marketing and business development, and 1.1 million in processing fees. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 2.6 million in operational losses. 
 Table 10 
 PERSONAL BANKING OPERATING RESULTS (in thousands) 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 

Dollar 
 Change 

Percent 
 Change 

2022 

2021 

22-21 

22-21 

Net interest income 

158,087 

147,885 

10,202 

6.9 

Provision for credit losses 

4,554 

3,827 

727 

19.0 

Noninterest income 

107,825 

109,275 

(1,450 

(1.3 

Noninterest expense 

244,231 

235,070 

9,161 

3.9 

Income before taxes 

17,127 

18,263 

(1,136 

(6.2 

Income tax expense 

3,230 

3,238 

(8 

(0.2 

Net income 

13,897 

15,025 

(1,128 

(7.5 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, Personal Banking net income decreased 1.1 million, or 7.5 , as compared to the same period last year. Net interest income increased 10.2 million, or 6.9 , compared to the same period last year due to increased loan balances and the impact of higher short-term interest rates. Provision for credit losses increased 0.7 million for the period, driven by loan growth, portfolio metric changes, and changes in macro-economic metrics in 2022 as compared to 2021 . Noninterest income decreased 1.5 million, or 1.3 , 
 38 

primarily driven by decreases of 6.2 million in wealth management income, 3.9 million on gains on the sale of mortgage loans, and 3.3 million in investment security gains. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in noninterest income due to an allocated portion of the gain on the sale of Visa Inc. Class B common shares, partially offset by the decline in company-owned life insurance. Noninterest expense in creased 9.2 million, or 3.9 , primarily due to increases of 8.5 million in technology, service, and overhead expenses, 4.6 million in processing fees, 1.5 million in bankcard expense, and 1.1 million in operational losses, partially offset by a decrease of 5.7 million in salaries and employee benefits. 
 Balance Sheet Analysis 
 Loans and Loans Held For Sale 
 Loans represent the Company s largest source of interest income. Loan balances held for investment increased by 3.9 billion, or 22.5 , in 2022. This increase was primarily driven by an increase of 1.9 billion, or 26.8 , in commercial loans, 1.3 billion, or 21.5 , in commercial real estate loans, and 403.2 million, or 17.4 in consumer real estate loans. 
 
 Commercial & industrial loans and commercial real estate loans continue to represent the largest segments of the Company s loan portfolio, comprising approximately 43.8 and 36.2 , respectively, of total loans and loans held for sale at the end of 2022 and 42.3 and 36.5 , respectively, of total loans and loans held for sale at the end of 2021. 
 Commercial loans represent the largest percent of total loans. Commercial loans at December 31, 2022 have increased 1.9 billion, or 26.8 , as compared to December 31, 2021, to 43.8 of total loans. Commercial loans represented 42.3 of total loans at December 31, 2021. 
 As a percentage of total loans, commercial real estate comprises 36.2 of total loans compared to 36.5 in 2021. Commercial real estate loans increased 1.3 billion, or 21.5 , compared to 2021. Generally, these loans are made for investment and real estate development or working capital and business expansion purposes and are primarily secured by real estate with a maximum loan-to-value of 80 . Most of these properties are non-owner occupied and have guarantees as additional security. 
 Consumer real estate loans increased 403.2 million, or 17.4 , compared to 2021. These loans represented 12.9 of total loans as of December 31, 2022, compared to 13.5 as of December 31, 2021. 
 For further information on loan portfolio segments refer to Note 3, Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Nonaccrual, past due and restructured loans are discussed under Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk Credit Risk Management in Item 7A of this report. 
 Investment Securities 
 The Company s investment portfolio contains trading, available-for-sale (AFS), and held-to-maturity (HTM) securities as well as FRB stock, Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) stock, and other miscellaneous investments. Investment securities totaled 13.2 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 13.8 billion as of December 31, 2021 and comprised 36.5 and 33.8 of the Company s earning assets, respectively, as of those dates. 
 During 2022, securities with an amortized cost of 4.1 billion and a fair value of 3.8 billion were transferred from the AFS classification to the HTM classification as the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold these securities to maturity. The transfers of securities were made at fair value at the time of transfer. See further information in Note 4, Securities in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The Company s AFS securities portfolio comprised 52.9 of the Company s investment securities portfolio at December 31, 2022, compared to 86.7 at December 31, 2021. The Company s AFS securities portfolio provides liquidity as a result of the composition and average life of the underlying securities. This liquidity can be used to fund loan growth or to offset the outflow of traditional funding sources. The average life of the AFS securities portfolio decreased from 67.6 months at December 31, 2021 to 62.3 months at December 31, 2022. In addition to providing a potential source of liquidity, the AFS securities portfolio can be used as a tool to manage interest rate 
 39 

sensitivity. The Company s goal in the management of its AFS securities portfolio is to maximize return within the Company s parameters of liquidity goals, interest rate risk and credit risk. 
 Management expects collateral pledging requirements for public funds, loan demand, and deposit funding to be the primary factors impacting changes in the level of AFS securities. There were 10.3 billion of AFS securities pledged to secure U.S. Government deposits, other public deposits, certain trust deposits, derivative transactions, and repurchase agreements at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company s HTM securities portfolio consists of U.S. agency-backed securities, mortgage-backed securities, general obligation bonds, and private placement bonds. The Company s HTM portfolio, net of the ACL totaled 5.9 billion as of December 31, 2022, an increase of 4.4 billion from December 31, 2021. The average life of the HTM portfolio was 9.3 years at December 31, 2022, compared to 5.2 years at December 31, 2021. 
 The securities portfolio generates the Company s second largest component of interest income. The AFS, HTM, and Other securities portfolios achieved an average yield on a tax-equivalent basis of 2.33 for 2022, compared to 2.16 in 2021. Securities available for sale had a net unrealized loss of 771.6 million at year-end, compared to a net unrealized gain of 153.9 million the preceding year. This market value change primarily reflects the impact of a shorter average life and increasing market interest rates as of December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021. These amounts are reflected, on an after-tax basis, in the Company s Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in shareholders equity, as an unrealized loss of 514.6 million at year-end 2022, compared to an unrealized gain of 118.5 million for 2021. The AFS securities portfolio contains securities that have unrealized losses (see the table of these securities in Note 4, Securities, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements). The unrealized losses in the Company s investments were caused by changes in interest rates, and not from a decline in credit of the underlying issuers. The U.S. Treasury, U.S. Agency, and Government Sponsored Entity (GSE) mortgage-backed securities are all considered to be agency-backed securities with no risk of loss as they are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government. The changes in fair value in the agency-backed portfolios are solely driven by change in interest rates caused by changing economic conditions. The Company has no knowledge of any underlying credit issues and the cash flows underlying the debt securities have not changed and are not expected to be impacted by changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not believe the decline in value in these portfolios is related to credit impairments and instead is due to increasing market interest rates. For the State and political subdivision portfolio, the majority of the Company s holdings are in general obligation bonds, which have a very low historical default rate due to issuers generally having unlimited taxing authority to service the debt. For the State and political, Corporates, and Collateralized loan obligations portfolios, the Company has a robust process for monitoring credit risk, including both pre-purchase and ongoing post-purchase credit reviews and analysis. The Company monitors credit ratings of all bond issuers in these segments and reviews available financial data, including market and sector trends. The Company does not have the intent to sell these securities and does not believe it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell these securities before a recovery of amortized cost. As of December 31, 2022, there is no ACL related to the Company s available-for-sale securities as the decline in fair value did not result from credit issues. 
 Included in Tables 11 and 12 are analyses of the fair value and average yield (tax-equivalent basis) of securities available for sale and securities held to maturity. 
 Table 11 
 SECURITIES AVAILABLE FOR SALE (in thousands) 

U.S. Treasury Securities 

U.S. Agency Securities 

December 31, 2022 

Fair Value 

Weighted 
 Average Yield 

Fair Value 

Weighted 
 Average Yield 

Due in one year or less 

39,041 

3.07 

57,796 

2.71 

Due after 1 year through 5 years 

738,029 

2.15 

113,500 

2.21 

Due after 5 years through 10 years 

Due after 10 years 

Total 

777,070 

2.20 

171,296 

2.38 

40 

Mortgage-backed Securities 

State and Political 
 Subdivisions 

December 31, 2022 

Fair Value 

Weighted 
 Average Yield 

Fair Value 

Weighted 
 Average Yield 

Due in one year or less 

11,862 

2.70 

63,216 

3.06 

Due after 1 year through 5 years 

1,101,193 

2.26 

358,741 

2.64 

Due after 5 years through 10 years 

2,827,094 

1.82 

504,186 

2.88 

Due after 10 years 

41,973 

2.42 

436,264 

3.30 

Total 

3,982,122 

1.94 

1,362,407 

2.97 

Corporates 

Collateralized Loan Obligations 

December 31, 2022 

Fair Value 

Weighted 
 Average Yield 

Fair Value 

Weighted 
 Average Yield 

Due in one year or less 

10,563 

4.82 

Due after 1 year through 5 years 

253,556 

2.06 

148,903 

5.54 

Due after 5 years through 10 years 

103,381 

3.33 

152,372 

5.39 

Due after 10 years 

44,677 

5.62 

Total 

367,500 

2.51 

345,952 

5.48 

U.S. Treasury Securities 

U.S. Agency Securities 

December 31, 2021 

Fair Value 

Weighted 
 Average Yield 

Fair Value 

Weighted 
 Average Yield 

Due in one year or less 

Due after 1 year through 5 years 

69,174 

0.85 

124,932 

2.29 

Due after 5 years through 10 years 

Due after 10 years 

Total 

69,174 

0.85 

124,932 

2.29 

Mortgage-backed Securities 

State and Political 
 Subdivisions 

December 31, 2021 

Fair Value 

Weighted 
 Average Yield 

Fair Value 

Weighted 
 Average Yield 

Due in one year or less 

58,963 

2.33 

163,373 

2.30 

Due after 1 year through 5 years 

4,362,831 

1.73 

335,743 

2.55 

Due after 5 years through 10 years 

3,451,389 

1.76 

728,909 

2.60 

Due after 10 years 

91,872 

2.16 

2,194,663 

3.30 

Total 

7,965,055 

1.75 

3,422,688 

3.02 

Corporates 

Collateralized Loan Obligations 

December 31, 2021 

Fair Value 

Weighted 
 Average Yield 

Fair Value 

Weighted 
 Average Yield 

Due in one year or less 

5,070 

3.03 

Due after 1 year through 5 years 

229,789 

1.78 

Due after 5 years through 10 years 

82,987 

3.16 

27,612 

1.17 

Due after 10 years 

49,207 

1.22 

Total 

317,846 

2.17 

76,819 

1.20 

41 

Table 12 
 SECURITIES HELD TO MATURITY (in thousands) 

U.S. Agency Securities 

Mortgage-backed Securities 

December 31, 2022 

Fair Value 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Yield/Average 
 Maturity 

Fair Value 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Yield/Average 
 Maturity 

Due in one year or less 

756 

1.65 

Due after 1 year through 5 years 

118,524 

3.07 

319,503 

2.26 

Due after 5 years through 10 years 

1,926,672 

1.67 

Due over 10 years 

326,136 

1.69 

Total 

118,524 

3.07 

2,573,067 

1.73 

State and Political Subdivisions 

December 31, 2022 

Fair Value 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Yield/Average 
 Maturity 

Due in one year or less 

81,893 

3.77 

Due after 1 year through 5 years 

222,006 

2.63 

Due after 5 years through 10 years 

706,366 

2.50 

Due over 10 years 

1,578,803 

3.33 

Total 

2,589,068 

3.05 

Mortgage-backed Securities 

State and Political Subdivisions 

December 31, 2021 

Fair Value 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Yield/Average 
 Maturity 

Fair Value 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Yield/Average 
 Maturity 

Due in one year or less 

17,797 

1.60 

Due after 1 year through 5 years 

393,717 

1.54 

156,927 

2.36 

Due after 5 years through 10 years 

481,785 

2.49 

Due over 10 years 

392,165 

2.08 

Total 

393,717 

1.54 

1,048,674 

2.30 

The table below provides detailed information for Other securities at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Table 13 
 OTHER SECURITIES (in thousands) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

FRB and FHLB stock 

41,472 

36,222 

Equity securities with readily determinable fair values 

10,782 

64,149 

Equity securities without readily determinable fair values 

297,504 

226,727 

Total 

349,758 

327,098 

Equity securities with readily determinable fair values are generally traded on an exchange and market prices are readily available. Equity securities without readily determinable fair values are generally carried at cost less impairment. Unrealized gains or losses on equity securities with and without readily determinable fair values are recognized in the Investment Securities gains, net line of the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 42 

For further information on the Company s investment securities, refer to Note 4, Securities, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Other Earning Assets 
 Federal funds transactions essentially are overnight loans between financial institutions, which allow for either the daily investment of excess funds or the daily borrowing of another institution s funds in order to meet short-term liquidity needs. The net borrowed position was 55.5 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 12.6 million at December 31, 2021. 
 The Bank buys and sells federal funds as agent for non-affiliated banks. Because the transactions are pursuant to agency arrangements, these transactions do not appear on the balance sheet and averaged 262.9 million in 2022 and 394.7 million in 2021. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company held securities purchased under agreements to resell of 951.6 million compared to 1.2 billion at December 31, 2021. The Company uses these instruments as short-term secured investments, in lieu of selling federal funds, or to acquire securities required for collateral purposes. Balances will fluctuate based on the Company s liquidity and investment decisions as well as the Company s correspondent bank borrowing levels. These investments averaged 959.2 million in 2022 and 1.2 billion in 2021. 
 The Company also maintains an active securities trading inventory. The average holdings in the securities trading inventory in 2022 were 12.1 million, compared to 23.5 million in 2021, and were recorded at fair market value. As discussed in Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Trading Account in Part II, Item 7A, the Company offsets the trading account securities by the sale of exchange-traded financial futures contracts, with both the trading account and futures contracts marked to market daily. 
 Interest-bearing due from banks totaled 1.2 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to 8.8 billion as of December 31, 2021 and includes amounts due from the FRB and interest-bearing accounts held at other financial institutions. The amount due from the FRB averaged 2.3 billion and 4.0 billion during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in the FRB balance from 2021 to 2022 is primarily due to a decrease in deposit balances. The interest-bearing accounts held at other financial institutions totaled 121.7 million and 41.2 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Deposits and Borrowed Funds 
 Deposits represent the Company s primary funding source for its asset base. In addition to the core deposits garnered by the Company s retail branch structure, the Company continues to focus on its cash management services, as well as its asset management and mutual fund servicing businesses in order to attract and retain additional core deposits. Deposits totaled 32.6 billion at December 31, 2022 and 35.6 billion at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 3.0 billion, or 8.3 . Deposits averaged 31.3 billion in 2022, and 28.9 billion in 2021. 
 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits averaged 13.3 billion in 2022 and 11.3 billion in 2021. These deposits represented 42.3 of average deposits in 2022, compared to 38.9 in 2021. The Company s large commercial customer base provides a significant source of noninterest-bearing deposits. Many of these commercial accounts do not earn interest however, they receive an earnings credit to offset the cost of other services provided by the Company. 
 Table 14 
 MATURITIES OF UNINSURED TIME DEPOSITS (in thousands) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Maturing within 3 months 

389,367 

318,112 

After 3 months but within 6 months 

39,651 

8,616 

After 6 months but within 12 months 

28,446 

46,839 

After 12 months 

9,837 

19,664 

Total 

467,301 

393,231 

43 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 24.7 billion of uninsured deposits, as compared to 27.4 billion as of December 31, 2021. 
 Table 15 
 ANALYSIS OF AVERAGE DEPOSITS (in thousands) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Amount: 

Noninterest-bearing demand 

13,264,146 

11,254,761 

Interest-bearing demand and savings 

17,332,972 

16,982,864 

Time deposits under 250,000 

95,013 

242,017 

Total core deposits 

30,692,131 

28,479,642 

Time deposits of 250,000 or more 

635,513 

453,241 

Total deposits 

31,327,644 

28,932,883 

As a of total deposits: 

Noninterest-bearing demand 

42.4 

38.9 

Interest-bearing demand and savings 

55.3 

58.7 

Time deposits under 250,000 

0.3 

0.8 

Total core deposits 

98.0 

98.4 

Time deposits of 250,000 or more 

2.0 

1.6 

Total deposits 

100.0 

100.0 

Capital Resources and Liquidity 
 The Company places a significant emphasis on the maintenance of a strong capital position, which it believes promotes investor confidence, provides access to funding sources under favorable terms, and enhances the Company s ability to capitalize on business growth and acquisition opportunities. Higher levels of liquidity, however, bear corresponding costs, measured in terms of lower yields on short-term, more liquid earning assets, and higher expenses for extended liability maturities. The Company manages capital for each subsidiary based upon the subsidiary s respective risks and growth opportunities as well as regulatory requirements. 
 Total shareholders equity decreased 478.3 million, or 15.2 to 2.7 billion at December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021. The decrease in shareholders equity from 2021 to 2022 is largely due to a decrease in Accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) related to the increase in losses on the securities portfolio driven by increased market interest rates. 
 The Board authorized, at its April 26, 2022, April 27, 2021, and April 28, 2020 meetings, the repurchase of up to two million shares of the Company s common stock during the twelve months following each meeting (each a Repurchase Authorization). During 2022 and 2021, the Company acquired 333,185 shares and 67,671 shares, respectively, of its common stock pursuant to the applicable Repurchase Authorization. The Company has not made any repurchase of its securities other than pursuant to the Repurchase Authorizations. 
 Risk-based capital guidelines established by regulatory agencies set minimum capital standards based on the level of risk associated with a financial institution s assets. The Company has implemented the Basel III regulatory capital rules adopted by the FRB. Basel III capital rules include a minimum ratio of common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 4.5 and a minimum tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6 . A financial institution s total capital is also required to equal at least 8 of risk-weighted assets. 
 The risk-based capital guidelines indicate the specific risk weightings by type of asset. Certain off-balance sheet items (such as standby letters of credit and binding loan commitments) are multiplied by credit conversion factors to translate them into balance sheet equivalents before assigning them specific risk weightings. The Company is also required to maintain a leverage ratio equal to or greater than 4 . The leverage ratio is tier 1 core 
 44 

capital to total average assets less goodwill and intangibles. The Company's capital position as of December 31 , 202 2 is summarized in the table below and exceeded regulatory requirements. 
 Table 16 
 RISK-BASED CAPITAL (in thousands) 
 This table computes risk-based capital in accordance with current regulatory guidelines. These guidelines as of December 31, 2022, excluded net unrealized gains or losses on securities available for sale and net unrealized losses on securities held to maturity transferred from the available-for-sale category from the computation of regulatory capital and the related risk-based capital ratios. 

Risk-Weighted Category 

0 

20 

50 

100 

150 

Total 

Risk-Weighted Assets 

Loans held for sale 

1,978 

1,978 

Loans and leases 

62,586 

57,770 

2,385,357 

18,450,411 

75,065 

21,031,189 

Securities available for sale 

2,204,211 

5,165,476 

7,203 

401,060 

7,777,950 

Securities held to maturity 

489,066 

4,473,882 

1,145,687 

6,108,635 

Federal funds and resell agreements 

7,000 

7,000 

Trading securities 

580 

7,558 

8,038 

1,804 

17,980 

Cash and due from banks 

1,129,382 

550,405 

1,679,787 

All other assets 

33,981 

30,250 

35,164 

1,715,602 

1,814,997 

Category totals 

3,919,806 

10,292,341 

3,583,427 

20,568,877 

75,065 

38,439,516 

Risk-weighted totals 

2,058,468 

1,791,714 

20,568,877 

112,598 

24,531,657 

Off-balance-sheet items (3) 

64,090 

86,383 

4,732,651 

49,497 

4,932,621 

Total risk-weighted assets 

2,122,558 

1,878,097 

25,301,528 

162,095 

29,464,278 

Total 

Regulatory Capital 

Shareholders equity 

2,667,093 

Less adjustments (1) 

461,937 

Common equity Tier 1/Tier 1 capital 

3,129,030 

Additional Tier 2 capital (2) 

553,589 

Total capital 

3,682,619 

Company 

Capital ratios 

Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 

10.62 

Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 

10.62 

Total capital to risk-weighted assets 

12.50 

Leverage ratio (Tier 1 capital to total average assets less adjustments (1) 

8.43 

(1) 
 
 Adjustments include a portion of goodwill and intangibles as well as unrealized gains/losses on available-for-sale securities, cash flow hedges, and the impact of the Company s election to use the five-year CECL transition. 

(2) 
 
 Includes the Company s ACL (inclusive of the reserve for off-balance sheet arrangements), subordinated long-term debt, and trust preferred subordinated notes. 

(3) 
 
 After credit conversion factor and risk weighting is applied. 

 For further discussion of regulatory capital requirements, see Note 10, Regulatory Requirements within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8. 
 
 Repurchase agreements are transactions involving the exchange of investment funds by the customer for securities by the Company, under an agreement to repurchase the same issues at an agreed-upon price and date. 
 45 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase and federal funds purchased totaled 2.2 billion at December 31, 202 2 , and 3.2 billion at December 31, 202 1 . Repurchase agreements and federal funds purchased averaged 2.8 billion in 202 2 and 2. 6 billion in 202 1 . The Company enters into these transactions with its downstream correspondent banks, commercial customers, and various trust, mutual fund, and local government relationships. 
 The Company is a member bank with the FHLB of Des Moines, and through this relationship, the Company owns 10.0 million of FHLB stock and has access to additional liquidity and funding sources through FHLB advances. The Company s borrowing capacity is dependent upon the amount of collateral the Company places at the FHLB. Based on the collateral pledged, the Company had 1.9 billion of borrowing capacity at the FHLB at December 31, 2022. The Company had no outstanding advances at FHLB Des Moines as of December 31, 2022. 
 To enhance general working capital needs, the Company has a revolving line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. which allows the Company to borrow up to 30.0 million for general working capital purposes. The interest rate applied to borrowed balances will be at the Company s option, either 1.4 above SOFR or 1.75 below the prime rate on the date of an advance. The Company pays a 0.4 unused commitment fee for unused portions of the line of credit. The Company had no advances outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Long-term debt totaled 381.3 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 271.5 million at December 31, 2021. In September 2022, the Company issued 110.0 million in aggregate subordinated notes due in September 2032. The Company received 107.9 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, and used the proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including, among other uses, contributing Tier 1 capital into the Bank. The subordinated notes were issued with a fixed-to-fixed rate of 6.25 and an effective rate of 6.64 due to issuance costs, with an interest rate reset date of September 2027. 
 
 In September 2020, the Company issued 200.0 million in aggregate subordinated notes due in September 2030. The Company received 197.7 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, and used the proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including, among other uses, contributing Tier 1 capital into the Bank. The subordinated notes were issued with a fixed-to-fixed rate of 3.70 and an effective rate of 3.93 , due to issuance costs, with an interest rate reset date of September 2025. 
 
 The remainder of the Company s long-term debt was assumed from the acquisition of Marquette Financial Companies in 2015 and consists of debt obligations payable to four unconsolidated trusts (Marquette Capital Trust I, Marquette Capital Trust II, Marquette Capital Trust III, and Marquette Capital Trust IV) that previously issued trust preferred securities. These long-term debt obligations had an aggregate contractual balance of 103.1 million and had a carrying value of 74.6 million at December 31, 2022 and 73.2 million at December 31, 2021. Interest rates on trust preferred securities are tied to the three-month LIBOR with spreads ranging from 133 basis points to 160 basis points and reset quarterly. The trust preferred securities have maturity dates ranging from January 2036 to September 2036. For further information on long-term debt refer to Note 9, Borrowed Funds, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The Company has material off-balance sheet arrangements in the form of loan commitments, commercial and standby letters of credit, futures contracts and forward exchange contracts, which have maturity dates rather than payment due dates. These commitments and contingent liabilities are not required to be recorded on the Company s balance sheet. Since commitments associated with letters of credit and lending and financing arrangements may expire unused, the amounts shown do not necessarily reflect the actual future cash funding requirements. See Table 17 below, as well as Note 15, Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 for detailed information and further discussion of these arrangements. Management does not anticipate any material losses from its off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 46 

Table 1 7 
 COMMITMENTS, MATERIAL CASH REQUIREMENTS AND OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS (in thousands) 
 The table below details the commitments, material cash requirements, and off-balance sheet arrangements for the Company as of December 31, 2022 and includes principal payments only. The Company has no capital leases or long-term purchase obligations. 

Payments due by Period 

Total 

Less than 1 year 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

More than 5 years 

Material Cash Requirements 

Federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements 

2,222,167 

2,222,167 

Long-term debt obligations 

384,553 

384,553 

Operating lease obligations 

70,988 

12,278 

21,657 

17,623 

19,430 

Time deposits 

917,138 

809,410 

85,791 

17,244 

4,693 

Total 

3,594,846 

3,043,855 

107,448 

34,867 

408,676 

Maturities due by Period 

Total 

Less than 1 year 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

More than 5 years 

Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees 

Commitments to extend credit for loans (excluding credit card loans) 

12,988,231 

5,118,670 

4,703,332 

2,458,066 

708,163 

Commitments to extend credit under credit card loans 

4,008,386 

4,008,386 

Commercial letters of credit 

3,334 

3,334 

Standby letters of credit 

436,965 

318,005 

100,695 

18,265 

Forward contracts 

32,552 

32,552 

Spot foreign exchange contracts 

5,112 

5,112 

Total 

17,474,580 

9,486,059 

4,804,027 

2,476,331 

708,163 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s total liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits were 9.4 million. The Company cannot reasonably estimate the settlement of these liabilities. Therefore, these liabilities have been excluded from the table above. See Note 16, Income Taxes, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the liabilities associated with unrecognized tax benefits. 
 For further discussion of capital and liquidity, see the Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Liquidity Risk in Item 7A of this report. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to customers and suppliers, allowance for credit losses, bad debts, investments, financing operations, long-lived assets, taxes, other contingencies and litigation. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which have formed the basis for making such judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Under different assumptions or conditions, actual results may differ from the recorded estimates. 
 47 

Management believes that the Company s critical accounting policies and estimates are those relating to the allowance for credit losses. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The Company s ACL represents management s judgment of the total expected losses included in the Company s assets held at amortized cost. The Company s process for recording the ACL is based on the evaluation of the Company s lifetime historical loss experience, management s understanding of the credit quality inherent in the loan portfolio, and the impact of the current economic environment, coupled with reasonable and supportable economic forecasts. 
 
 A mathematical calculation of an estimate is made to assist in determining the adequacy and reasonableness of management s recorded ACL. To develop the estimate, the Company follows the guidelines in ASC Topic 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses . The estimate reserves for assets held at amortized cost, which include the Company s loan and held-to-maturity security portfolios. 
 
 The estimation process involves the consideration of quantitative and qualitative factors relevant to the specific segmentation of loans. These factors have been established over decades of financial institution experience and include economic observation and loan loss characteristics. This process is designed to produce a lifetime estimate of the losses, at a reporting date, that is based on evaluation of historical loss experience, current economic conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts, and the qualitative framework outlined by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency in the published 2020 Interagency Policy Statement. This process allows management to take a holistic view of the recorded ACL reserve and ensure that all significant and pertinent information is considered in its estimate. 
 
 The Company considers a variety of factors to ensure the safety and soundness of its estimate including a strong internal control framework, extensive methodology documentation, credit underwriting standards which encompass the Company s desired risk profile, model validation, and ratio analysis. If the Company s total ACL estimate, as determined in accordance with the approved ACL methodology, is either outside a reasonable range based on review of economic indicators or by comparison of historical ratio analysis, the ACL estimate is an outlier and management will investigate the underlying reason(s). Based on that investigation, issues or factors that previously had not been considered may be identified in the estimation process, which may warrant adjustments to estimated credit losses. 
 The ending result of this process is a recorded consolidated ACL that represents management s best estimate of the total expected losses included in the loan and held-to-maturity security portfolios considering available information, from internal and external sources, relevant to assessing exposure to credit loss over the contractual term of the instrument. While management utilizes its best judgment and information available, the ultimate adequacy of the ACL is dependent upon a variety of factors beyond the Company s control, including the performance of its portfolios, the economy, and changes in interest rates. As such, significant downturns in circumstances relating to loan quality and economic conditions could result in a requirement for additional allowance. Likewise, an upturn in loan quality and improved economic conditions may allow a reduction in the required allowance. In either instance, unanticipated changes could have a significant impact on the Company s Provision for credit losses and ACL reported in its Consolidated Income Statements and Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. 
 For more information on loan portfolio segments, the Company s ACL methodology, and management s assumptions in estimating the ACL, refer to the section captioned Allowance for Credit Losses within Note 3, Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Risk Management 
 Market risk is a broad term for the risk of economic loss due to adverse changes in the fair value of a financial instrument. These changes may be the result of various factors, including interest rates, foreign exchange prices, commodity prices, or equity prices. Financial instruments that are subject to market risk can be classified either as held for trading or held for purposes other than trading. 
 48 

The Company is subject to market risk primarily through the effect of changes in interest rates of its assets held for purposes other than trading. The following discussion of interest rate risk, however, combines instruments held for trading and instruments held for purposes other than trading because the instruments held for trading represent such a small portion of the Company s portfolio that the interest rate risk associated with them is immaterial. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 In the banking industry, a major risk exposure is changing interest rates. To minimize the effect of interest rate changes to net interest income and exposure levels to economic losses, the Company manages its exposure to changes in interest rates through asset and liability management within guidelines established by its Asset Liability Committee (ALCO) and approved by the Board. The ALCO is responsible for approving and ensuring compliance with asset/liability management policies, including interest rate exposure. The Company s primary method for measuring and analyzing consolidated interest rate risk is the Net Interest Income Simulation Analysis. The Company also uses a Net Portfolio Value model to measure market value risk under various rate change scenarios and a gap analysis to measure maturity and repricing relationships between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities at specific points in time. On a limited basis, the Company uses hedges such as swaps, rate floors, and futures contracts to manage interest rate risk on certain loans, trading securities, trust preferred securities, and deposits. See further information in Note 17 Derivatives and Hedging Activities in the Notes to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Overall, the Company attempts to manage interest rate risk by positioning the balance sheet to maximize net interest income while maintaining an acceptable level of interest rate and credit risk, remaining mindful of the relationship among profitability, liquidity, interest rate risk and credit risk. 
 Net Interest Income Modeling 
 The Company s primary interest rate risk tool, the Net Interest Income Simulation Analysis, measures interest rate risk and the effect of interest rate changes on net interest income and net interest margin. This analysis incorporates all of the Company s assets and liabilities together with assumptions that reflect the current interest rate environment. Through these simulations, management estimates the impact on net interest income of a 300-basis-point upward or a 100-basis-point downward gradual change (e.g. ramp) and immediate change (e.g. shock) of market interest rates over a two-year period. In ramp scenarios, rates change gradually for a one-year period and remain constant in year two. In shock scenarios, rates change immediately and the change is sustained for the remainder of the two year scenario horizon. Assumptions are made to project rates for new loans and deposits based on historical analysis, management outlook and repricing strategies. Asset prepayments and other market risks are developed from industry estimates of prepayment speeds and other market changes. The results of these simulations can be significantly influenced by assumptions utilized and management evaluates the sensitivity of the simulation results on a regular basis. 
 Table 18 shows the net interest income percentage increase or decrease over the next twelve- and twenty-four-month periods as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 based on hypothetical changes in interest rates and a constant sized balance sheet with runoff being replaced. 
 Table 18 
 MARKET RISK 

Hypothetical change in interest rate Rate Ramp 

Year One 

Year Two 

December 31, 
 2022 

December 31, 
 2021 

December 31, 
 2022 

December 31, 
 2021 

(basis points) 

Percentage change 

Percentage change 

Percentage change 

Percentage change 

300 

(1.4 

5.9 

10.6 

22.1 

200 

(1.1 

3.7 

7.1 

14.9 

100 

(0.4 

1.5 

3.6 

7.3 

Static 

(100) 

0.4 

(3.0 

(3.8 

(9.7 

49 

Hypothetical change in interest rate Rate Shock 

Year One 

Year Two 

December 31, 
 2022 

December 31, 
 2021 

December 31, 
 2022 

December 31, 
 2021 

(basis points) 

Percentage change 

Percentage change 

Percentage change 

Percentage change 

300 

3.5 

11.2 

14.1 

22.5 

200 

2.4 

7.2 

9.5 

15.2 

100 

1.2 

3.1 

4.8 

7.5 

Static 

(100) 

(1.3 

(6.2 

(5.0 

(12.2 

The Company is positioned relatively neutral to changes in interest rates in the next year. Net interest income is predicted to increase in all upward rate shock scenarios and decrease in all upward rate ramp scenarios. In down rate scenarios, net interest income is predicted to decrease in shock scenarios and increase in ramp scenarios. The largest change in net interest income relative to base in either rate shock or ramp scenarios is less than 5 in year one. In year two, net interest income is predicted to rise in all increasing rate scenarios and decrease in falling rate scenarios. The Company s ability to price deposits consistent with its history is a key assumption in these scenarios. 
 Repricing Mismatch Analysis 
 The Company also evaluates its interest rate sensitivity position in an attempt to maintain a balance between the amount of interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing liabilities which are expected to mature or reprice at any point in time. While a traditional repricing mismatch analysis (gap analysis) provides a snapshot of interest rate risk, it does not take into consideration that assets and liabilities with similar repricing characteristics may not, in fact, reprice at the same time or the same degree. Also, it does not necessarily predict the impact of changes in general levels of interest rates on net interest income. 
 50 

Table 19 is a static gap analysis, which presents the Company s assets and liabilities, based on their repricing or maturity characteristics and reflecting principal amortization. Table 2 0 presents the break-out of fixed and variable rate loans by repricing or maturity characteristics for each loan class. 
 Table 19 
 INTEREST RATE SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS (in millions) 

1-90 

91-180 

181-365 

1-5 

Over 5 

Days 

Days 

Days 

Total 

Years 

Years 

Total 

December 31, 2022 Earning assets 

Loans 

12,635.3 

748.9 

1,196.5 

14,580.7 

4,571.3 

1,881.2 

21,033.2 

Securities 

929.3 

397.7 

613.6 

1,940.6 

5,377.7 

5,899.4 

13,217.7 

Federal funds sold and resell agreements 

958.6 

958.6 

958.6 

Other 

1,197.1 

1,197.1 

1,197.1 

Total earning assets 

15,720.3 

1,146.6 

1,810.1 

18,677.0 

9,949.0 

7,780.6 

36,406.6 

of total earning assets 

43.2 

3.1 

5.0 

51.3 

27.3 

21.4 

100.0 

Funding sources 

Interest-bearing demand and savings 

18,461.6 

18,461.6 

18,461.6 

Time deposits 

474.3 

173.9 

161.2 

809.4 

103.0 

4.7 

917.1 

Federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements 

2,222.2 

2,222.2 

2,222.2 

Borrowed funds 

74.6 

74.6 

306.7 

381.3 

Noninterest-bearing sources 

5,238.9 

282.2 

520.6 

6,041.7 

2,967.2 

5,415.5 

14,424.4 

Total funding sources 

26,471.6 

456.1 

681.8 

27,609.5 

3,376.9 

5,420.2 

36,406.6 

of total earning assets 

72.7 

1.2 

1.9 

75.8 

9.3 

14.9 

100.0 

Interest sensitivity gap 

(10,751.3 

690.5 

1,128.3 

(8,932.5 

6,572.1 

2,360.4 

Cumulative gap 

(10,751.3 

(10,060.8 

(8,932.5 

(8,932.5 

(2,360.4 

As a of total earning assets 

(29.5 

(27.6 

(24.5 

(24.5 

(6.5 

Ratio of earning assets to funding sources 

0.59 

2.51 

2.65 

0.68 

2.95 

1.44 

Cumulative ratio of earning assets to funding sources 

2022 

0.59 

0.63 

0.68 

0.68 

0.92 

1.00 

2021 

1.44 

1.27 

1.04 

1.04 

1.25 

1.00 

51 

Table 20 
 Maturities and Sensitivities to Changes in Interest Rates 
 This table details loan maturities by variable and fixed rates as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Due in one year or less 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through fifteen years 

Due after fifteen years 

Total 

Variable Rate 

Commercial and industrial 

6,180,115 

15,362 

626 

6,196,103 

Specialty lending 

602,706 

602,706 

Commercial real estate 

4,012,740 

106,329 

11,738 

4,130,807 

Consumer real estate 

297,029 

248,932 

562,379 

1,108,340 

Consumer 

64,118 

64 

64,182 

Credit cards 

430,114 

1,558 

431,672 

Leases and other 

258,137 

217 

258,354 

Total variable rate loans 

11,844,959 

372,462 

574,743 

12,792,164 

Fixed Rate 

Commercial and industrial 

1,183,657 

1,650,996 

168,853 

6,377 

3,009,883 

Specialty lending 

Commercial real estate 

1,299,512 

1,883,108 

302,636 

23 

3,485,279 

Consumer real estate 

202,586 

590,812 

614,158 

209,351 

1,616,907 

Consumer 

28,530 

51,983 

971 

81,484 

Credit cards 

Leases and other 

21,455 

21,965 

4,030 

47,450 

Total fixed rate loans 

2,735,740 

4,198,864 

1,090,648 

215,751 

8,241,003 

Total loans and loans held for sale 

14,580,699 

4,571,326 

1,665,391 

215,751 

21,033,167 

Trading Account 
 The Bank carries taxable governmental securities in a trading account that is maintained in accordance with Board-approved policy and procedures. The policy limits the amount and type of securities that can be carried in the trading account and requires compliance with any limits under applicable law and regulations and mandates the use of a value-at-risk methodology to manage price volatility risks within financial parameters. The risk associated with the carrying of trading securities is offset by the sale of exchange-traded financial futures contracts, with both the trading account and futures contracts marked to market daily. This account had a balance of 18.0 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to 31.9 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 The Company is subject to market risk primarily through the effect of changes in interest rates of its assets held for purposes other than trading. The discussion in Table 19 above of interest rate risk, however, combines instruments held for trading and instruments held for purposes other than trading, because the instruments held for trading represent such a small portion of the Company s portfolio that the interest rate risk associated with them is immaterial. 
 Other Market Risk 
 The Company has minimal foreign currency risk as a result of foreign exchange contracts. See Note 10, Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Credit Risk Management 
 Credit risk represents the risk that a customer or counterparty may not perform in accordance with contractual terms. The Company utilizes a centralized credit administration function, which provides information on the Bank s risk levels, delinquencies, an internal risk grading system and overall credit exposure. Loan requests are centrally 
 52 

reviewed to ensure the consistent application of the loan policy and standards. In addition, the Company has an internal loan review staff that operates independently of the Bank. This review team performs periodic examinations of the B ank s loans for credit quality, documentation and loan administration. The respective regulatory authority of the Bank also reviews loan portfolios. 
 A primary indicator of credit quality and risk management is the level of nonperforming loans. Nonperforming loans include both nonaccrual loans and restructured loans on nonaccrual. The Company s nonperforming loans decreased 73.0 million to 19.3 million at December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021. There was an immaterial amount of interest recognized on nonperforming loans during 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 The Company had 68 thousand of other real estate owned as of December 31, 2022. Loans past due more than 90 days and still accruing interest totaled 1.6 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to 2.6 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 A loan is generally placed on nonaccrual status when payments are past due 90 days or more and/or when management has considerable doubt about the borrower s ability to repay on the terms originally contracted. The accrual of interest is discontinued and recorded thereafter only when actually received in cash. 
 Certain loans are restructured to provide a reduction or deferral of interest or principal due to deterioration in the financial condition of the respective borrowers. The Company had 5.2 million of restructured loans at December 31, 2022 and 7.3 million at December 31, 2021. 
 Table 21 
 LOAN QUALITY (in thousands) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Nonaccrual loans 

16,838 

85,207 

Restructured loans on nonaccrual 

2,431 

7,093 

Total non-performing loans 

19,269 

92,300 

Other real estate owned 

68 

Total non-performing assets 

19,337 

92,300 

Loans past due 90 days or more 

1,617 

2,633 

Restructured loans accruing 

2,790 

189 

Allowance for credit losses on loans 

191,836 

194,771 

Ratios 

Non-performing loans as a of loans 

0.09 

0.54 

Non-performing assets as a of loans plus other real estate owned 

0.09 

0.54 

Non-performing assets as a of total assets 

0.05 

0.22 

Loans past due 90 days or more as a of loans 

0.01 

0.02 

Allowance for credit losses on loans as a of loans 

0.91 

1.13 

Allowance for credit losses on loans as a multiple of non-performing loans 

9.96x 

2.11x 

53 

Table 22 
 SUMMARY OF NET CHARGE-OFFS (in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Net Charge-Offs (Recoveries) 

Average Loans Outstanding 

Net Charge-Offs (Recoveries) to Average Loans Outstanding 

Net Charge-Offs (Recoveries) 

Average Loans Outstanding 

Net Charge-Offs (Recoveries) to Average Loans Outstanding 

At December 31: 

Commercial and industrial 

35,719 

8,160,147 

0.44 

7,287 

7,160,288 

0.10 

Specialty lending 

(433 

525,697 

(0.08 

31,758 

494,637 

6.42 

Commercial real estate 

(356 

6,784,082 

(0.01 

(362 

6,161,097 

(0.01 

Consumer real estate 

(74 

2,512,597 

(46 

2,111,948 

Consumer real estate 

674 

146,949 

0.46 

2,201 

113,377 

1.94 

Credit cards 

4,338 

431,003 

1.01 

4,044 

390,804 

1.03 

Leases and other 

261,941 

(10 

186,199 

(0.01 

Total 

39,868 

18,822,416 

0.21 

44,872 

16,618,350 

0.27 

Net charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 39.9 million, compared to 44.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Liquidity Risk 
 Liquidity represents the Company s ability to meet financial commitments through the maturity and sale of existing assets or availability of additional funds. The Company believes that the most important factor in the preservation of liquidity is maintaining public confidence that facilitates the retention and growth of a large, stable supply of core deposits and wholesale funds. Ultimately, the Company believes public confidence is generated through profitable operations, sound credit quality and a strong capital position. The primary source of liquidity for the Company is regularly scheduled payments on and maturity of assets, which include 7.0 billion of high-quality securities available for sale. The liquidity of the Company and the Bank is also enhanced by its activity in the federal funds market and by its core deposits. Additionally, management believes it can raise debt or equity capital on favorable terms in the future, should the need arise. 
 Another factor affecting liquidity is the amount of deposits and customer repurchase agreements that have pledging requirements. All customer repurchase agreements require collateral in the form of a security. The U.S. Government, other public entities, and certain trust depositors require the Company to pledge securities if their deposit balances are greater than the FDIC-insured deposit limitations. These pledging requirements affect liquidity risk in that the related security cannot otherwise be disposed due to the pledging restriction. At December 31, 2022, 10.3 billion, or 80.3 , of securities were pledged or used as collateral, compared to 10.2 billion, or 75.8 , at December 31, 2021. Of these amounts, securities with a market value of 171.2 million at December 31, 2021, were pledged at the Federal Reserve Discount Window but were unencumbered as of that date. 
 The Company also has other commercial commitments that may impact liquidity. These commitments include unused commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit and financial guarantees, and commercial letters of credit. The total amount of these commercial commitments at December 31, 2022 was 17.4 billion. Since many of these commitments expire without being drawn upon, the total amount of these commercial commitments does not necessarily represent the future cash requirements of the Company. 
 The Company s cash requirements consist primarily of dividends to shareholders, debt service, operating expenses, and treasury stock purchases. Management fees and dividends received from bank and non-bank subsidiaries traditionally have been sufficient to satisfy these requirements and are expected to be sufficient in the future. The Bank is subject to various rules regarding payment of dividends to the Company. For the most part, the Bank can pay dividends at least equal to its current year s earnings without seeking prior regulatory approval. The Company also uses cash to inject capital into the Bank and its non-Bank subsidiaries to maintain adequate capital as well as to fund strategic initiatives. 
 54 

In September 2022, the Company issued 110.0 million in aggregate subordinated notes due in September 2032. The Company received 107.9 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, and used the proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including, among other uses, contributing Tier 1 capital into the Bank. The subordinated notes were issued with a fixed-to-fixed rate of 6.25 and an effective rate of 6.64 , due to issuance costs, with an interest rate reset date of September 2027. 
 In September 2020, the Company issued 200.0 million in aggregate subordinated notes due in September 2030. The Company received 197.7 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, and used the proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including, among other uses, contributing Tier 1 capital into the Bank. The subordinated notes were issued with a fixed-to-fixed rate of 3.70 and an effective rate of 3.93 , due to issuance costs, with an interest rate reset date of September 2025. 
 To enhance general working capital needs, the Company has a revolving line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. which allows the Company to borrow up to 30.0 million for general working capital purposes. The interest rate applied to borrowed balances will be at the Company s option, either 1.4 above SOFR or 1.75 below the prime rate on the date of an advance. The Company pays a 0.4 unused commitment fee for unused portions of the line of credit. The Company had no advances outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company is a member bank of the FHLB. The Company owns 10.0 million of FHLB stock and has access to additional liquidity and funding sources through FHLB advances. The Company has access to borrow up to 1.9 billion through advances at the FHLB of Des Moines but had no outstanding FHLB Des Moines advances as of December 31, 2022. 
 Operational Risk 
 Operational risk generally refers to the risk of loss resulting from the Company s operations, including those operations performed for the Company by third parties. This would include but is not limited to the risk of fraud by employees or persons outside the Company, the execution of unauthorized transactions by employees or others, errors relating to transaction processing, breaches of the internal control system and compliance requirements, and unplanned interruptions in service. This risk of loss also includes the potential legal or regulatory actions that could arise as a result of an operational deficiency, or as a result of noncompliance with applicable regulatory standards. 
 The Company operates in many markets and relies on the ability of its employees and systems to properly process a high number of transactions. In the event of a breakdown in internal control systems, improper operation of systems or improper employee actions, the Company could suffer financial loss, face regulatory action and suffer damage to its reputation. In order to address this risk, management maintains a system of internal controls with the objective of providing proper transaction authorization and execution, safeguarding of assets from misuse or theft, and ensuring the reliability of financial and other data. 
 The Company maintains systems of internal controls that provide management with timely and accurate information about the Company s operations. These systems have been designed to manage operational risk at appropriate levels given the Company s financial strength, the environment in which it operates, and considering factors such as competition and regulation. The Company has also established procedures that are designed to ensure that policies relating to conduct, ethics and business practices are followed on a uniform basis. In certain cases, the Company has experienced losses from operational risk. Such losses have included the effects of operational errors that the Company has discovered and included as expense in the statement of income. While there can be no assurance that the Company will not suffer such losses in the future, management continually monitors and works to improve its internal controls, systems and corporate-wide processes and procedures. 
 
 55 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 UMB Financial Corporation: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of UMB Financial Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Allowance for credit losses on certain loans evaluated on a collective basis 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s total allowance for credit losses on loans was 191.8 million as of December 31, 2022, a substantial portion of which related to the allowance for credit losses for loans evaluated on a collective basis for the commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, and consumer credit card loan segments (the collective ACL). The collective ACL includes the measure of expected credit losses on a pool basis for loans where similar risk characteristics exist and is determined using relevant available information from internal and external sources related to historical credit loss experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable economic forecasts. The Company uses probability of default (PD) and loss given default (LGD) models for the commercial and industrial segment, commercial real estate segment, and revolver activity within the consumer credit card segment. For the commercial and industrial segment and revolver portion of the consumer credit card segment, the collective ACL is calculated by modeling PD over future periods multiplied by historical LGD multiplied by contractual exposure at default minus any modeled prepayments and charge offs. For the commercial real estate segment, 
 56 

the collective ACL is calculated by modeling PD over future periods based on peer bank data. The PD loss rate is then multiplied by historical LGD multiplied by contractual exposure at default minus any modeled prepayments and charge offs. Primary risk drivers are segment specific and include macro-economic variables, risk ratings of the individual loans within the commercial and industrial and commercial real estate loan segments, and credit score ratings of individual card holders within the consumer credit card segment. After the reasonable and supportable forecast periods, the Company reverts to historical loss experience for each portfolio using a cliff or straight-line reversion method. A portion of the collective ACL is comprised of qualitative factors which represent adjustments to historical loss experience including concentrations of credit and results of internal loan review . 
 We identified the assessment of the collective ACL as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment of the collective ACL. Specifically, the assessment encompassed the evaluation of the collective ACL methodology, including the methods and models used to estimate (1) the PD and LGD and historical loss rates and their significant assumptions, including recovery rates, portfolio segmentation, average prepayment rates, the economic forecast scenario, macro-economic variables, the reasonable and supportable forecast periods, lengths of time and methods of reversion, risk ratings on commercial and industrial and commercial real estate loans, and credit score ratings and the estimated life of the credit card receivables on consumer credit card loans, and (2) the qualitative factors and their significant assumptions, including concentrations of credit and results of internal loan review. The assessment also included an evaluation of the conceptual soundness and performance of the PD and LGD and historical loss rate models. In addition, auditor judgment was required to evaluate the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the measurement of the collective ACL, including controls related to the: 
 development and approval of the collective ACL methodology 
 development of the PD and LGD and historical loss rate models 

determination and measurement of the significant assumptions used in the PD and LGD and historical loss rate models 

 development of the qualitative factors, including concentrations of credit and results of internal loan review 
 analysis of the overall ACL results, trends, and ratios . 
 We evaluated the Company s process to develop the collective ACL estimate by testing certain sources of data, factors, and assumptions that the Company used, and considered the relevance and reliability of such data, factors, and assumptions. In addition, we involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 

evaluating the Company s collective ACL methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 

evaluating judgments made by the Company relative to the development and performance monitoring of the PD and LGD and historical loss rate models by comparing them to relevant Company specific metrics and trends and the applicable industry and regulatory practices 

assessing the conceptual soundness and performance testing of the PD and LGD and historical loss rate models by inspecting the model documentation to determine whether the models are suitable for their intended use 

evaluating the methodology used to develop the economic forecast scenario and underlying assumptions by comparing it to the Company s business environment and relevant industry practices 

testing the complete historical credit cycle period and evaluating the length of the reasonable and supportable forecast period by comparing to specific portfolio risk characteristics and trends 

determining whether the loan portfolio is segmented by similar risk characteristics by comparing to the Company s business environment and relevant industry practices 

testing individual risk ratings for a selection of commercial and industrial and commercial real estate loans by evaluating the financial performance of the borrower, sources of repayment, and any relevant guarantees or underlying collateral 

 57 

evaluating the methodology used to develop the qualitative factors and the effect of those factors on the collective ACL compared with relevant credit risk factors and consistency with credit trends and identified limitations of the underlying quantitative models . 

 We also assessed the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained related to the collective ACL by evaluating the: 
 cumulative results of the audit procedures 
 qualitative aspects of the Company s accounting practices 
 potential bias in the accounting estimates . 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 
 Kansas City, Missouri February 23, 2023 
 
 58 

UMB FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Loans 

Allowance for credit losses on loans 

Net loans 

Loans held for sale 

Securities: 

Available for sale (amortized cost of and , respectively) 

Held to maturity, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively (fair value of and , respectively) 

Trading securities 

Other securities 

Total securities 

Federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements to resell 

Interest-bearing due from banks 

Cash and due from banks 

Premises and equipment, net 

Accrued income 

Goodwill 

Other intangibles, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES 

Deposits: 

Noninterest-bearing demand 

Interest-bearing demand and savings 

Time deposits under 250,000 

Time deposits of 250,000 or more 

Total deposits 

Federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements 

Long-term debt 

Accrued expenses and taxes 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common stock, par value shares authorized shares issued, and shares outstanding, respectively 

Capital surplus 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net 

Treasury stock, and shares, at cost, respectively 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 59 

UMB FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

INTEREST INCOME 

Loans 

Securities: 

Taxable interest 

Tax-exempt interest 

Total securities income 

Federal funds and resell agreements 

Interest-bearing due from banks 

Trading securities 

Total interest income 

INTEREST EXPENSE 

Deposits 

Federal funds and repurchase agreements 

Other 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for credit losses 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses 

NONINTEREST INCOME 

Trust and securities processing 

Trading and investment banking 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

Insurance fees and commissions 

Brokerage fees 

Bankcard fees 

Investment securities gains, net 

Other 

Total noninterest income 

NONINTEREST EXPENSE 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Occupancy, net 

Equipment 

Supplies and services 

Marketing and business development 

Processing fees 

Legal and consulting 

Bankcard 

Amortization of other intangible assets 

Regulatory fees 

Other 

Total noninterest expense 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

NET INCOME 

PER SHARE DATA 

Net income basic 

Net income diluted 

Dividends 

Weighted average shares outstanding basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding diluted 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 60 

UMB FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (dollars in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive (loss) income, before tax: 

Unrealized gains and losses on debt securities: 

Change in unrealized holding gains and losses, net 

Less: Reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income 

Amortization of net unrealized loss on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity 

Change in unrealized gains and losses on debt securities during the period 

Unrealized gains and losses on derivative hedges: 

Change in unrealized gains and losses on derivative hedges 

Less: Reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income 

Change in unrealized gains and losses on derivative hedges 

Other comprehensive (loss) income, before tax 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

Other comprehensive (loss) income 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 61 

UMB FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Common 
 Stock 

Capital 
 Surplus 

Retained 
 Earnings 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Treasury 
 Stock 

Total 

Balance January 1, 2020 

Cumulative effect adjustments (1) 

Adjusted balance January 1, 2020 

Total comprehensive income 

Dividends per share) 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Forfeitures of equity awards, net of issuances 

Recognition of equity-based compensation 

Sale of treasury stock 

Exercise of stock options 

Balance December 31, 2020 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

Dividends per share) 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Issuances of equity awards, net of forfeitures 

Recognition of equity-based compensation 

Sale of treasury stock 

Exercise of stock options 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

Dividends per share) 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Issuances of equity awards, net of forfeitures 

Recognition of equity-based compensation 

Sale of treasury stock 

Exercise of stock options 

Balance December 31, 2022 

(1) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 62 

UMB FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (dollars in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Provision for credit losses 

Net amortization of premiums and discounts from acquisition 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Deferred income tax benefit 

Net decrease (increase) in trading securities and other earning assets 

Gains on investment securities, net 

Gains on sales of assets 

Amortization of securities premiums, net of discount accretion 

Originations of loans held for sale 

Gains on sales of loans held for sale, net 

Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale 

Equity based compensation 

Changes in: 

Accrued income 

Accrued expenses and taxes 

Other assets and liabilities, net 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Securities held to maturity: 

Maturities, calls and principal repayments 

Purchases 

Securities available for sale: 

Sales 

Maturities, calls and principal repayments 

Purchases 

Equity securities with readily determinable fair values: 

Sales 

Maturities, calls and principal repayments 

Purchases 

Equity securities without readily determinable fair values: 

Sales 

Maturities, calls and principal repayments 

Purchases 

Payment of low-income housing tax credit (LIHTC) investment commitments 

Net increase in loans 

Net decrease (increase) in fed funds sold and resell agreements 

Net cash activity from acquisitions and divestitures 

Net (increase) decrease in interest-bearing balances due from other financial institutions 

Purchases of bank premises and equipment 

Proceeds from sales of bank premises and equipment 

Purchases of bank-owned and company-owned life insurance 

Proceeds from bank-owned and company-owned life insurance death benefit 

Net cash used in investing activities 

63 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net (decrease) increase in demand and savings deposits 

Net increase (decrease) in time deposits 

Net (decrease) increase in fed funds purchased and repurchase agreements 

Proceeds from short-term debt 

Repayment of short-term debt 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

Cash dividends paid 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options and sales of treasury shares 

Purchases of treasury stock 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental disclosures: 

Income tax payments 

Total interest payments 

Noncash disclosures: 

Acquisition of low-income housing tax credit investments 

Commitment to fund low-income housing tax credit investments 

Transfer of loans to other real estate owned 

Transfer of securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 64 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Cash and due from banks 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Also included in the Interest-bearing due from banks line, but not considered cash and cash equivalents are interest-bearing accounts held at other financial institutions, which totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 65 
 
 days of its contractual due date. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when the collection of interest or principal is days or more past due unless the loan is adequately secured and in the process of collection. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, any interest previously accrued but not collected is reversed against current income. Loans may be returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. Interest payments received on nonaccrual loans are applied to principal unless the remaining principal balance has been determined to be fully collectible. 
 The adequacy of the ACL on loans is based on management s judgment and continuous evaluation of the pertinent factors underlying the credit quality inherent in the loan portfolio. Consideration of quantitative and qualitative factors relevant to each specific segmentation of loans includes lifetime historical loss experience, the impact of the current economic environment, reasonable and supportable forecasts, and detailed analysis of loans determined to be collateral dependent. The actual losses incurred over the lifetime of the portfolio, notwithstanding such considerations, however, could differ from the amounts estimated by management. 
 The Company maintains an allowance for off-balance sheet credit exposures, to address the credit risk to which the Company is exposed via a contractual obligation to extend credit, unless that obligation is unconditionally cancelable by the Company. The allowance for off-balance sheet credit exposure is included in the Accrued expenses and taxes line item in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In order to maintain the allowance for off-balance sheet items at an appropriate level, a provision to increase or reduce the allowance is included in the Provision for credit losses line item in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. The allowance for off-balance sheet credit exposure is calculated by applying portfolio segment expected credit loss rates to the expected amount to be funded. 
 Loans held for sale are carried at the lower of aggregate cost or market value. Loan fees (net of certain direct loan origination costs) on loans held for sale are deferred until the related loans are sold or repaid. Gains or losses on loan sales are recognized at the time of sale and determined using the specific identification method. gains or losses are recognized at the time of the transfer. 
 66 
 
 goodwill impairments were recognized in 2022, 2021, or 2020. Other intangible assets, which relate to core deposits, non-compete agreements, and customer relationships, are amortized over their useful life. Intangible assets are evaluated for impairment when events or circumstances dictate. intangible asset impairments were recognized in 2022, 2021, or 2020. The Company does t have any indefinite lived intangible assets. to lives, while equipment is depreciated over lives of to . Gains and losses from the sale of Premises and equipment are included in Other noninterest income and Other noninterest expense, respectively. impairments were recognized in 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 67 
 
 , , and shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options, nonvested restricted shares, and nonvested restricted stock units, granted by the Company that were outstanding at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Certain options, restricted stock and restricted stock units issued under employee benefit plans were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were outstanding stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units excluded from the computation of diluted income per share. Outstanding options, restricted stock and restricted stock units of for the year ended December 31, 2020, were excluded from the computation of diluted income per share because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 
 68 
 
 million as an increase to the allowance for credit losses and million as a reduction to retained earnings, net of deferred tax balances. See Note 3, Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses for related disclosures. 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses: Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures. The ASU eliminates the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings (TDR) by creditors and enhances disclosure requirements for certain loan re-financings and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. The amendments also add requirements to disclose current-period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investments in leases, disclosed by credit-quality indicator and class of financing receivable. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including in an interim period. The adoption of this accounting pronouncement will have no impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements aside from additional and revised disclosures. 
 69 

70 

Specialty lending 

Commercial real estate 

Consumer real estate 

Consumer 

Credit cards 

Leases and other 

Total loans 

December 31, 2021 

30-89 
 Days Past 
 Due and 
 Accruing 

Greater 
 than 90 
 Days Past 
 Due and 
 Accruing 

Nonaccrual 
 Loans 

Total 
 Past Due 

Current 

Total 
 Loans 

Loans 

Commercial and industrial 

Specialty lending 

Commercial real estate 

Consumer real estate 

Consumer 

Credit cards 

Leases and other 

Total loans 

The Company sold consumer real estate loans with proceeds of million, million, and million in the secondary market without recourse during the periods ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company has ceased the recognition of interest on loans with a carrying value of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Restructured loans totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Loans 90 days past due and still accruing interest amounted to million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. All interest accrued but not received for loans placed on nonaccrual is reversed against interest income. There was an insignificant amount of interest reversed related to loans on nonaccrual during 2022 and 2021. Nonaccrual loans with no related allowance for credit losses totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 71 

Specialty lending 

Commercial real estate 

Consumer real estate 

Consumer 

Credit cards 

Leases and other 

Total loans 

December 31, 2021 

Nonaccrual 
 Loans 

Amortized Cost of Nonaccrual Loans with no related Allowance 

Loans 

Commercial and industrial 

Specialty lending 

Commercial real estate 

Consumer real estate 

Consumer 

Credit cards 

Leases and other 

Total loans 

72 

Amortized Cost 

Agriculture 

Overdrafts 

Total Commercial and industrial 

Specialty lending: 

Asset-based lending 

Total Specialty lending 

Commercial real estate: 

Owner-occupied 

Non-owner-occupied 

Farmland 

5+ Multi-family 

1-4 Family construction 

General construction 

Total Commercial real estate 

Consumer real estate: 

HELOC 

First lien: 1-4 family 

Junior lien: 1-4 family 

Total Consumer real estate 

Consumer: 

Revolving line 

Auto 

Other 

Total Consumer 

Credit cards: 

Consumer 

Commercial 

Total Credit cards 

Leases and other: 

Leases 

Other 

Total Leases and other 

Total loans 

73 

Agriculture 

Overdrafts 

Total Commercial and industrial 

Specialty lending: 

Asset-based lending 

Factoring 

Total Specialty lending 

Commercial real estate: 

Owner-occupied 

Non-owner-occupied 

Farmland 

5+ Multi-family 

1-4 Family construction 

General construction 

Total Commercial real estate 

Consumer real estate: 

HELOC 

First lien: 1-4 family 

Junior lien: 1-4 family 

Total Consumer real estate 

Consumer: 

Revolving line 

Auto 

Other 

Total Consumer 

Credit cards: 

Consumer 

Commercial 

Total Credit cards 

Leases and other: 

Leases 

Other 

Total Leases and other 

Total loans 

Accrued interest on loans totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in the Accrued income line on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The total amount of accrued interest is excluded from the amortized cost basis of loans presented above. Further, the Company has elected not to measure an allowance for credit losses for accrued interest receivable. 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 As part of the on-going monitoring of the credit quality of the Company s loan portfolio, management tracks certain credit quality indicators including trends related to the risk grading of specified classes of loans, net charge-offs, non-performing loans, and general economic conditions. 
 74 

75 

Watch Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total Equipment/Accounts Receivable/Inventory 

Agriculture 

Non-watch list Pass 

Watch Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total Agriculture 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized Cost - Revolving Loans 

Amortized Cost - Revolving Loans Converted to Term Loans 

Risk by Collateral 

Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year - Term Loans 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Total 

Equipment/Accounts Receivable/Inventory 

Non-watch list Pass 

Watch Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total Equipment/Accounts Receivable/Inventory 

Agriculture 

Non-watch list Pass 

Watch Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total Agriculture 

76 

Specialty lending 
 A discussion of the credit quality indicators that impact each type of collateral securing Specialty loans is included below: 
 Asset-based lending General asset-based loans are secured by accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, and real estate. The purpose of these loans is for financing current operations for commercial customers. The repayment of debt is reliant upon collection of the accounts receivable within 30 to 90 days or converting assets into cash or through goods and services being sold and collected. The Company tracks each individual borrower credit risk based on their loan to collateral position. Any borrower position where the underlying value of collateral is below the fair value of the loan is considered out-of-margin and inherently higher risk. 
 Factoring During the first quarter of 2022, the Company sold its factoring loan portfolio to an alternative financing company. Prior to the sale of this portfolio, factoring loans were secured by accounts receivable. The purpose of these loans was for financing current operations for trucking or other commercial customers. The repayment of debt was reliant upon collection of the accounts receivable within 30 to 90 days. The Company tracked each individual borrower s credit risk based on their loan to collateral position. To assess credit risk, the portfolio was separated into two tiers and a specifically impaired category. Tier 1 were loans that had not experienced collateral coverage rates falling below an internally tracked threshold at any time during their relationship history. The internal threshold was lower than each customers actual contractual collateral coverage ratio. Tier 2 were loans that had experienced collateral coverage rates falling below the same internally tracked threshold during their relationship history. Loans individually evaluated were loans that had either experienced collateral coverage rates falling below an internally tracked threshold during their relationship history or had balances that were greater than an internally tracked threshold. Individually evaluated loans utilized a practical expedient for the purpose of determining the expected credit loss. Collateral dependent assets were loans placed on non-accrual and loans considered to be TDRs. The combination of these categories created an associated allowance to this portfolio of million as of December 31, 2021. 

Out-of-margin 

Total 

The following table provides a summary of the amortized cost balance by risk rating for factoring loans as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Factoring 

Risk 

December 31, 2021 

Tier 1 

Tier 2 

Evaluated for impairment 

Collateral dependent assets 

Total 

Commercial real estate 
 A discussion of the credit quality indicators that impact each type of collateral securing Commercial real estate loans is included below: 
 Owner-occupied Owner-occupied loans are secured by commercial real estate. These loans are often longer tenured and susceptible to multiple economic cycles. The loans rely on the owner-occupied operations to service debt which cover a broad spectrum of industries. Real estate debt can carry a significant amount of leverage for a borrower to maintain. 
 Non-owner-occupied Non-owner-occupied loans are secured by commercial real estate. These loans are often longer tenured and susceptible to multiple economic cycles. The key element of risk in this type of lending is the cyclical nature of real estate markets. Although national conditions affect the overall real estate industry, the effect of national conditions on local markets is equally important. Factors such as unemployment rates, consumer 
 77 

78 

Watch Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total Owner-occupied 

Non-owner-occupied 

Non-watch list Pass 

Watch Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total Non-owner-occupied 

Farmland 

Non-watch list Pass 

Watch Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total Farmland 

5+ Multi-family 

Non-watch list Pass 

Watch Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 5+ Multi-family 

1-4 Family construction 

Non-watch list Pass 

Watch Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 1-4 Family construction 

General construction 

Non-watch list Pass 

Watch Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total General construction 

79 

Watch Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total Owner-occupied 

Non-owner-occupied 

Non-watch list Pass 

Watch Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total Non-owner-occupied 

Farmland 

Non-watch list Pass 

Watch Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total Farmland 

5+ Multi-family 

Non-watch list Pass 

Watch Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 5+ Multi-family 

1-4 Family construction 

Non-watch list Pass 

Watch Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 1-4 Family construction 

General construction 

Non-watch list Pass 

Watch Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total General construction 

80 

Non-performing 

Total HELOC 

First lien: 1-4 family 

Performing 

Non-performing 

Total First lien: 1-4 family 

Junior lien: 1-4 family 

Performing 

Non-performing 

Total Junior lien: 1-4 family 

81 

Non-performing 

Total HELOC 

First lien: 1-4 family 

Performing 

Non-performing 

Total First lien: 1-4 family 

Junior lien: 1-4 family 

Performing 

Non-performing 

Total Junior lien: 1-4 family 

Consumer 
 A discussion of the credit quality indicators that impact each type of collateral securing Consumer loans is included below: 
 Revolving line Consumer Revolving lines of credit are secured by consumer assets other than real estate. The primary risk associated with this collateral is related to market volatility and the value of the underlying financial assets. 
 Auto Direct consumer auto loans are secured by new and used consumer vehicles. The primary risk with this collateral class is the rate at which the collateral depreciates. 
 Other This category includes Other consumer loans made to an individual. The primary risk for this category is for those loans where the loan is unsecured. This collateral type also includes other unsecured lending such as consumer overdrafts. 
 A borrower is considered non-performing if the Company has ceased the recognition of interest and the loan is placed on non-accrual. Charge-offs and borrower performance are tracked on a loan origination vintage basis. Certain vintages, based on their maturation cycle, could be at higher risk due to collateral-based risk factors. 
 82 

Non-performing 

Total Revolving line 

Auto 

Performing 

Non-performing 

Total Auto 

Other 

Performing 

Non-performing 

Total Other 

December 31, 2021 

Amortized Cost - Revolving Loans 

Amortized Cost - Revolving Loans Converted to Term Loans 

Risk by Collateral 

Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year - Term Loans 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Total 

Revolving line 

Performing 

Non-performing 

Total Revolving line 

Auto 

Performing 

Non-performing 

Total Auto 

Other 

Performing 

Non-performing 

Total Other 

Credit cards 
 A discussion of the credit quality indicators that impact Credit card loans is included below: 
 Consumer Consumer credit card loans are revolving loans made to individuals. The primary risk associated with this collateral class is credit card debt is generally unsecured therefore, repayment depends primarily on a borrower s willingness and capacity to repay. The highly competitive environment for credit card lending provides consumers with ample opportunity to hold several credit cards from different issuers and to pay only minimum monthly payments on outstanding balances. In such an environment, borrowers may become over-extended and unable to repay, particularly in times of an economic downturn or a personal catastrophic event. 
 The consumer credit card portfolio is segmented by borrower payment activity. Transactors are defined as accounts that pay off their balance by the end of each statement cycle. Revolvers are defined as an account that 
 83 

Revolver accounts (by Credit score): 

Less than 600 

600-619 

620-639 

640-659 

660-679 

680-699 

700-719 

720-739 

740-759 

760-779 

780-799 

800-819 

820-839 

840+ 

Total 

Past Due 

Total 

Leases and other 
 A discussion of the credit quality indicators that impact each type of collateral securing Leases and other loans is included below: 
 Leases Leases are either loans to individuals for household, family and other personal expenditures or are loans related to all other direct financing and leveraged leases on property for leasing to lessees other than for household, family, and other personal expenditure purposes. All leases are secured by the lease between the lessor and the lessee. These assignments grant the creditor a security interest in the rent stream from any lease, an important source of cash to pay the note in case of the borrower s default. 
 Other Other loans are loans that are obligations of states and political subdivisions in the U.S., loans to non-depository financial institutions, loans for purchasing or carrying securities, or all other non-consumer loans. Risk associated with other loans is tied to the underlying collateral by each type of loan. Collateral is generally 
 84 

Watch Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The ACL is a valuation account that is deducted from loans and HTM securities amortized cost bases to present the net amount expected to be collected on the instrument. Loans and HTM securities are charged off against the ACL when management believes the balance has become uncollectible. Expected recoveries are included in the allowance and do not exceed the aggregate of amounts previously charged-off and expected to be charged-off. 
 
 Management estimates the allowance balance using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, related to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable economic forecasts. Historical credit loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses and is tracked over an economic cycle to capture a through the cycle loss history. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for differences in current loan-specific risk characteristics such as differences in portfolio industry-based segmentation, risk rating and credit score changes, average prepayment rates, changes in environmental conditions, or other relevant factors. For economic forecasts, the Company uses the Moody s baseline scenario. The Company has developed a dynamic reasonable and supportable forecast period that ranges from to and changes based on economic conditions. Due to current economic conditions, the Company s reasonable and supportable forecast period is . After the reasonable and supportable forecast period, the Company reverts to historical losses. The reversion method applied to each portfolio can either be cliff or straight-line over four quarters. 
 
 The ACL is measured on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristics exists. The ACL also incorporates qualitative factors which represent adjustments to historical credit loss experience for items such as concentrations of credit and results of internal loan review. The Company has identified the following portfolio segments and measures the allowance for credit losses using the following methods. The Company s portfolio segmentation consists of Commercial and industrial, Specialty lending, Commercial real estate, Consumer real estate, Consumer, Credit cards, Leases and other, and Held-to-maturity securities. Multiple modeling techniques are used to measure credit losses based on the portfolio. 
 
 The ACL for Commercial & industrial and Leases and other segments are measured using a probability of default and loss given default method. Primary risk drivers within the segment are risk ratings of the individual loans along with changes of macro-economic variables such as unemployment rates, industrial production, and farm income. The ACL for commercial & industrial loans is calculated by modeling probability of default (PD) over future periods multiplied by historical loss given default rates (LGD) multiplied by contractual exposure at default minus any estimated prepayments and charge offs. 
 
 Collateral positions for Specialty lending loans are continuously monitored by the Company and the borrower is required to continually adjust the amount of collateral securing the loan. Credit losses are measured for any position where the amortized cost basis is greater than the fair value of the collateral. The ACL for specialty lending loans is calculated by using a bottom-up approach comparing collateral values to outstanding balances. 
 85 

86 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Provision 

Ending balance - ACL 

Allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures: 

Beginning balance 

Provision 

Ending balance - ACL on off-balance sheet 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Commercial and industrial 

Specialty lending 

Commercial real estate 

Consumer real estate 

Consumer 

Credit cards 

Leases and other 

Total - Loans 

HTM 

Total 

Allowance for credit losses: 

Beginning balance 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Provision 

Ending balance ACL 

Allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures: 

Beginning balance 

Provision 

Ending balance - ACL on off-balance sheet 

87 

ASU 2016-13 adjustment 

Adjusted beginning balance 

Charge-offs 

Recoveries 

Provision 

Ending balance - ACL 

Allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures: 

Beginning balance 

Provision 

Ending balance - ACL on off-balance sheet 

The allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures is recorded in the Accrued expenses and taxes line of the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets, see Note 15 Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees. 
 88 

Agriculture 

Total Commercial and industrial 

Specialty lending: 

Asset-based lending 

Total Specialty lending 

Commercial real estate: 

Owner-occupied 

Non-owner-occupied 

Farmland 

5+ Multi-family 

1-4 Family construction 

General construction 

Total Commercial real estate 

Consumer real estate: 

HELOC 

First lien: 1-4 family 

Junior lien: 1-4 family 

Total Consumer real estate 

Consumer: 

Revolving line 

Auto 

Other 

Total Consumer 

Leases and other: 

Leases 

Other 

Total Leases and other 

Total loans 

89 

Agriculture 

Total Commercial and industrial 

Specialty lending: 

Asset-based lending 

Factoring 

Total Specialty lending 

Commercial real estate: 

Owner-occupied 

Non-owner-occupied 

Farmland 

5+ Multi-family 

1-4 Family construction 

General construction 

Total Commercial real estate 

Consumer real estate: 

HELOC 

First lien: 1-4 family 

Junior lien: 1-4 family 

Total Consumer real estate 

Consumer: 

Revolving line 

Auto 

Other 

Total Consumer 

Leases and other: 

Leases 

Other 

Total Leases and other 

Total loans 

Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 A loan modification is considered a TDR when a concession has been granted to a debtor experiencing financial difficulties. The Company s modifications generally include interest rate adjustments, principal reductions, and amortization and maturity date extensions. These modifications allow the debtor short-term cash relief to allow them to improve their financial condition. The Company s restructured loans are considered collateral dependent and evaluated as part of the allowance for credit loss as described above in the Allowance for Credit Losses section of this note. 
 The Company had commitments to lend to borrowers with loan modifications classified as TDRs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company monitors loan payments on an on-going basis to determine if a loan is considered to have a payment default. Determination of payment default involves analyzing the economic conditions that exist for each customer and their ability to generate positive cash flows during the loan term. 
 90 
 
 commercial TDRs with a pre-modification loan balance of million and a post-modification loan balance of million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had new TDRs. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had TDRs for which there was a payment default within the 12 months following the restructure date. 

U.S. Agencies 

Mortgage-backed 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporates 

Collateralized loan obligations 

Total 

Gross 

Gross 

Amortized 

Unrealized 

Unrealized 

Fair 

2021 

Cost 

Gains 

Losses 

Value 

U.S. Treasury 

U.S. Agencies 

Mortgage-backed 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporates 

Collateralized loan obligations 

Total 

Due after 1 year through 5 years 

Due after 5 years through 10 years 

Due after 10 years 

Total 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Total securities available for sale 

Securities may be disposed of before contractual maturities due to sales by the Company or because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 
 There were sales of securities available for sale in 2022. Proceeds from the sales of securities available for sale were million and million for 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were gross realized gains due to securities transactions in 2022. Securities transactions resulted in gross realized gains of million for 2021 and million for 2020. There were gross realized losses in 2022. The gross realized losses were thousand for 2021 and thousand for 2020. 
 91 
 
 billion and billion of securities pledged to secure U.S. Government deposits, other public deposits, certain trust deposits, derivative transactions, and repurchase agreements at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. There were securities pledged at the Federal Reserve Discount Window at December 31, 2022. Of the amount pledged at December 31, 2021, securities with a fair value of million were pledged at the Federal Reserve Discount Window but were unencumbered as of that date. 
 Accrued interest on securities available for sale totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in the Accrued income line on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The total amount of accrued interest is excluded from the amortized cost of available securities presented above. Further, the Company has elected not to measure an ACL for accrued interest receivable. 

U.S. Agencies 

Mortgage-backed 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporates 

Collateralized loan obligations 

Total 

Less than 12 months 

12 months or more 

Total 

2021 

Count 

Fair Value 

Unrealized 
 Losses 

Count 

Fair Value 

Unrealized 
 Losses 

Count 

Fair Value 

Unrealized 
 Losses 

Description of Securities 

U.S. Treasury 

U.S. Agencies 

Mortgage-backed 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporates 

Collateralized loan obligations 

Total 

The unrealized losses in the Company s investments were caused by changes in interest rates, and not from a decline in credit of the underlying issuers. The U.S. Treasury, U.S. Agency, and GSE mortgage-backed securities are all considered to be agency-backed securities with no risk of loss as they are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government. The changes in fair value in the agency-backed portfolios are solely driven by change in interest rates caused by changing economic conditions. The Company has no knowledge of any underlying credit issues and the cash flows underlying the debt securities have not changed and are not expected to be impacted by changes in interest rates. 
 For the State and political subdivision portfolio, the majority of the Company s holdings are in general obligation bonds, which have a very low historical default rate due to issuers generally having unlimited taxing authority to service the debt. For the State and political, Corporates, and Collateralized loan obligations portfolios, the Company has a robust process for monitoring credit risk, including both pre-purchase and ongoing post-purchase 
 92 
 
 ACL related to the Company s available-for-sale securities as the decline in fair value did not result from credit issues . 
 Securities Held to Maturity 

Mortgage-backed 

State and political subdivisions 

Total 

2021 

Amortized Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Allowance for Credit Losses 

Net Carrying Amount 

Mortgage-backed 

State and political subdivisions 

Total 

Due after 1 year through 5 years 

Due after 5 years through 10 years 

Due after 10 years 

Total 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Total securities held to maturity 

Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 
 There were sales of securities held to maturity during 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, securities with an amortized cost of billion and a fair value of billion were transferred from the available-for-sale classification to the held-to-maturity classification as the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold these securities to maturity. The transfers of securities were made at fair value at the time of transfer. The unrealized holding gain or loss at the time of transfer is retained in AOCI and will be amortized over the remaining life of the securities, offsetting the related amortization of discount or premium on the transferred securities. gains or losses were recognized at the time of the transfers. The amortized cost balance of securities held to maturity in the tables above includes a net unamortized unrealized loss of million at December 31, 2022. 
 Accrued interest on securities held to maturity totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in the Accrued income line on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The total amount of accrued interest is excluded from the amortized cost of held-to-maturity securities presented above. Further, the Company has elected not to measure an ACL for accrued interest receivable. 
 93 

Mortgage-backed 

State and political subdivisions 

Total 

Less than 12 months 

12 months or more 

Total 

2021 

Count 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

Count 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

Count 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

Mortgage-backed 

State and political subdivisions 

Total 

The unrealized losses in the Company s held-to-maturity portfolio were caused by changes in the interest rate environment. The U.S. Agency and GSE mortgage-backed securities are considered to be agency-backed securities with no risk of loss as they are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government. Therefore, the Company s expected lifetime loss for these portfolios is zero and there is no ACL recorded for these portfolios. The Company has no knowledge of any underlying credit issues and the cash flows underlying the debt securities have not changed and are not expected to be impacted by changes in interest rates. 
 For the State and political subdivision portfolio, the Company s holdings are in general obligation bonds as well as private placement bonds, which have very low historical default rates due to issuers generally having unlimited taxing authority to service the debt. The Company has a robust process for monitoring credit risk, including both pre-purchase and ongoing post-purchase credit reviews and analysis. The Company monitors credit ratings of all bond issuers in these segments and reviews available financial data, including market and sector trends. The underlying bonds are evaluated for credit losses in conjunction with management s estimate of the ACL based on credit rating. 

Utilities 

Total state and political subdivisions 

94 

Utilities 

Total state and political subdivisions 

Competitive held-to-maturity securities include not-for-profit enterprises that provide public functions such as housing, higher education, or healthcare, but do so in a competitive environment. It also includes project financings that can have relatively high enterprise risk, such as deals backed by revenues from sports or convention facilities or start-up transportation revenues. 
 Utilities are public enterprises providing essential services with a monopoly or near-monopoly over the service area. This includes environmental utilities (water, sewer, solid waste), power utilities (electric distribution and generation, gas), and transportation utilities (airports, parking, toll roads, mass transit, ports). 
 All held-to-maturity securities were current and not past due at December 31, 2022. 

Utilities 

Total state and political subdivisions 

Trading Securities 
 The net unrealized loss on trading securities was thousand as of December 31, 2022. The net unrealized gain on trading securities was thousand and thousand as of December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Net unrealized gains and losses are included in trading and investment banking income on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Securities sold not yet purchased totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are classified within the Other liabilities line of the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Other Securities 

Equity securities with readily determinable fair values 

Equity securities without readily determinable fair values 

Total 

Investment in FRB stock is based on the capital structure of the investing bank, and investment in FHLB stock is mainly tied to the level of borrowings from the FHLB. These holdings are carried at cost. Equity securities with readily determinable fair values are generally traded on an exchange and market prices are readily available. Equity 
 95 

Losses realized on sales 

Equity securities with readily determinable fair values: 

Fair value adjustments, net 

Equity securities without readily determinable fair values: 

Fair value adjustments, net 

Sales 

Total investment securities gains, net 

During 2022, the Company sold the entirety of its Visa Inc. Class B common shares in a cash transaction which resulted in a pre-tax gain of million. Prior to the sale, the Visa Inc. Class B shares had no carrying value on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as the Company had no historical cost basis in the shares. 
 million and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company obtains possession of collateral with a market value equal to or in excess of the principal amount loaned under resell agreements. 

New loans 

Repayments 

Reduction due to change in reportable loans 

Balance end of year 

96 

Healthcare savings account business acquisition 

Branch acquisition 

Balances as of December 31, 2022 

Balances as of January 1, 2021 

Sale of component of business segment 

Balances as of December 31, 2021 

Accumulated amortization 

Net carrying amount 

As of December 31, 2021 

Core Deposit Intangible Assets 

Customer Relationships 

Total 

Gross carrying amount 

Accumulated amortization 

Net carrying amount 

97 
 
 million of deposits. The purchase resulted in recognition of million of goodwill and a million customer relationship intangible asset. 
 
 On March 28, 2022, the Company acquired a bank branch. Included in the branch acquisition were million in loans and million of deposits. The purchase resulted in recognition of million of goodwill and a million core deposit intangible asset. 
 
 On March 31, 2021, the Company sold its membership interests in its PCM and UMB Merchant Banc, LLC subsidiaries, components of its Personal Banking segment. The sale included disposition of million of goodwill and million of net unamortized customer relationship intangibles. 
 Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 

For the year ending December 31, 2024 

For the year ending December 31, 2025 

For the year ending December 31, 2026 

For the year ending December 31, 2027 

Buildings and leasehold improvements 

Equipment 

Software 

Total 

Accumulated depreciation 

Accumulated amortization 

Premises and equipment, net 

Premises and equipment depreciation and amortization expenses were million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 The Company primarily has leases of real estate, including buildings, or portions of buildings, used for bank branches or general office operations. These leases have remaining lease terms that range from less than to years and most to years or more. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the Company s sole discretion. No renewal options were included in the Company s calculation of its lease liabilities or right of use assets since it is not reasonably certain that the Company will exercise these options. leases include options to purchase the leased property. The lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. An insignificant number of leases include variable lease payments that are based on the Consumer Price Index (CPI). For the calculation of the lease liability and right of use asset for these leases, the Company has included lease payments based on CPI as of the effective date of ASC 842. The Company has made the election not to separate lease and non-lease components for existing real estate leases when determining consideration within the lease contract. All of the Company s lease agreements are classified as operating leases under ASC 842. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, right-of-use assets of million and million, respectively, were included as part of Other assets on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, lease liabilities of million and million were included as part of Other liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance 
 98 
 
 million , million, and million, respectively, was recognized as part of Occupancy expense on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. For the year s ended December 31, 202 2, 20 2 1 , and 2020, cash payments of million , million, and million, respectively, were made for leases included in the measurement of lease liabilities and are classified as cash flows from operating activities in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. For the year s ended December 31, 202 2 and 20 2 1 , leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities were million and million, respectively . As of December 31, 202 2 and 20 2 1 , the weighted average remaining lease term s of the Company s leases w ere years and years , respectively, and the weighted average discount rate s were and , respectively . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

due 

Marquette Capital Trust II Subordinated Debentures due 

Marquette Capital Trust III Subordinated Debentures due 

Marquette Capital Trust IV Subordinated Debentures due 

Subordinated notes due , net of issuance costs 

Subordinated notes due , net issuance costs 

Total long-term debt 

The aggregate contractual repayment of long-term debt of million is due after December 31, 2027. 
 
 The Company assumed long-term debt obligations from the acquisition of Marquette consisting of debt obligations payable to four unconsolidated trusts (Marquette Capital Trust I, Marquette Capital Trust II, Marquette Capital Trust III, and Marquette Capital Trust IV) that previously issued trust preferred securities. These long-term debt obligations had an aggregate contractual balance of million and had a carrying value of million as of December 31, 2022. Interest rates on trust preferred securities are tied to the three-month basis points to basis points and reset quarterly. The trust preferred securities have maturity dates ranging from January 2036 to September 2036 . 
 In September 2020 , the Company issued million of fixed-to-fixed rate subordinated notes that mature on . The notes bear interest at the rate of per annum, payable on each March 17 and September 17. , or on any interest payment date thereafter. Unamortized debt issuance costs related to these notes totaled million as of December 31, 2022. Proceeds from the issuance of the notes were used for general corporate purposes, including contributing Tier 1 capital into the Bank. 
 99 
 
 million of fixed-to-fixed rate subordinated notes that mature on . The notes bear interest at the rate of per annum, payable on each March 28 and September 28. Unamortized debt issuance costs related to these notes totaled million as of December 31, 2022. Proceeds from the issuance of the notes were used for general corporate purposes, including contributing Tier 1 capital into the Bank. 
 The Company is a member bank of the FHLB of Des Moines. Through this relationship, the Company purchased million of FHLB stock and has access to additional liquidity and funding sources through FHLB advances. The Company s borrowing capacity is dependent upon the amount of collateral the Company places at the FHLB. The Company s borrowing capacity with the FHLB was billion as of December 31, 2022. The Company had outstanding FHLB advances at FHLB Des Moines as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company has a revolving line of credit with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. which allows the Company to borrow up to million for general working capital purposes. The interest rate applied to borrowed balances will be at the Company s option either or rate on the date of an advance. The Company pays unused commitment fee for unused portions of the line of credit. The Company currently has outstanding balance on this line of credit. 
 The Company enters into sales of securities with simultaneous agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements). The Company utilizes repurchase agreements to facilitate the needs of customers and to facilitate secured short-term funding needs. Repurchase agreements are stated at the amount of cash received in connection with the transaction. The Company monitors collateral levels on a continuous basis and may be required to provide additional collateral based on the fair value of the underlying securities. Securities pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements are maintained with the Company s safekeeping agents. The amounts received under these agreements represent short-term borrowings. The amount outstanding at December 31, 2022, was billion, with accrued interest payable of million. The amount outstanding at December 31, 2021, was billion, with accrued interest payable of thousand. 

30 to 90 Days 

Total 

As of December 31, 2021 

Securities Fair Market Value 

Repurchase 
 Liabilities 

Weighted Average 
 Interest Rate 

Maturity of the Repurchase Liabilities 

2 to 29 days 

30 to 90 Days 

Over 90 Days 

Total 

100 

U.S. Agency 

Total repurchase agreements 

As of December 31, 2021 

Remaining Contractual Maturities of the Agreements 

2-29 days 

30-90 days 

Over 90 Days 

Total 

Repurchase agreements, secured by: 

U.S. Agency 

Total repurchase agreements 

billion, compared to billion in 2021. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company is required to have minimum common equity tier 1, tier 1, and total capital ratios of , and , respectively. The Company s actual ratios at that date were , and , respectively. The Company is required to have a minimum leverage ratio of , and the leverage ratio at December 31, 2022, was . 
 As of December 31, 2022, the most recent notification from the OCC categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well-capitalized the Bank must maintain total risk-based, tier 1 risk-based, common equity tier 1, and tier 1 leverage ratios of , , , and , respectively. There are no conditions or events that have occurred since the receipt of the most recent notification that management believes have changed the Bank s categorization. 
 In addition, under amendments to the BHCA introduced by the Dodd-Frank Act and commonly known as the Volcker Rule, the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to extensive limits on proprietary trading and on owning or sponsoring hedge funds and private-equity funds. The limits on proprietary trading are largely focused on purchases or sales of financial instruments by a banking entity as principal primarily for the purpose of short-term resale, benefitting from actual or expected short-term price movements, or realizing short-term arbitrage profits. The limits on owning or sponsoring hedge funds and private-equity funds are designed to ensure that banking entities generally maintain only small positions in managed or advised funds and are not exposed to significant losses arising directly or indirectly from them. The Volcker Rule also provides for increased capital charges, quantitative limits, rigorous compliance programs, and other restrictions on permitted proprietary trading and fund activities, including a prohibition on transactions with a covered fund that would constitute a covered transaction under Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act. The fund activities of the Company and its subsidiaries are in conformance with the Volcker Rule. 
 101 

N/A 

N/A 

UMB Bank, n. a. 

Tier 1 Capital: 

UMB Financial Corporation 

N/A 

N/A 

UMB Bank, n. a. 

Total Capital: 

UMB Financial Corporation 

N/A 

N/A 

UMB Bank, n. a. 

Tier 1 Leverage: 

UMB Financial Corporation 

N/A 

N/A 

UMB Bank, n. a. 

2021 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital: 

UMB Financial Corporation 

N/A 

N/A 

UMB Bank, n. a. 

Tier 1 Capital: 

UMB Financial Corporation 

N/A 

N/A 

UMB Bank, n. a. 

Total Capital: 

UMB Financial Corporation 

N/A 

N/A 

UMB Bank, n. a. 

Tier 1 Leverage: 

UMB Financial Corporation 

N/A 

N/A 

UMB Bank, n. a. 

million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company has a qualified 401(k) profit sharing plan that permits participants to make contributions by salary deduction, to which the Company makes matching contributions. The Company recognized expense related to matching contributions of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company recognized million, million, and million in expense related to outstanding restricted stock unit grants for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company recognized thousand, million, and million in expense related to outstanding restricted stock grants for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The Company also recognized thousand and thousand in expense related to outstanding stock options for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company did t recognize any expense related to outstanding stock options for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company had million of unrecognized compensation expense related to outstanding restricted stock unit grants at December 31, 2022. 
 102 
 
 million shares to million shares. Additionally, the shareholders approved increasing the maximum benefits any one eligible employee may receive under the plan during any one fiscal year from million to million taking into account the value of all stock options and restricted stock received. 
 At the April 24, 2018 shareholders meeting, the shareholders of the Company approved the UMB Financial Corporation Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan which became effective as of April 24, 2018 and replaced the LTIP plan. service-based restricted stock grants, performance-based restricted stock grants or non-qualified stock options have been issued under the LTIP since 2018. 
 The service-based restricted stock grants issued under the LTIP contain a service requirement with varying vesting schedules. The majority of these grants issued in 2016 through 2018 utilized a vesting schedule in which , and . Certain other grants utilized vesting schedules in which the grants vest ratably over the requisite service period or contain a three-year cliff vesting. 
 The dividends on service-based restricted stock grants are treated as two separate transactions. First, cash dividends are paid on the restricted stock. Those cash dividends are then paid to purchase additional shares of restricted stock. Dividends earned as additional shares of restricted stock have the same terms as the associated grant. The dividends paid on the stock are recorded as a reduction to retained earnings, similar to all dividend transactions. 

Granted 

Canceled 

Vested 

Nonvested - December 31, 2022 

Total fair value of shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 The non-qualified stock options carry a service requirement and grants issued prior to 2016 vested , and , while grants issued in 2016 through 2018 vested , and . 
 103 

Granted 

Canceled 

Expired 

Exercised 

Outstanding - December 31, 2022 

3.0 

Exercisable - December 31, 2022 

3.0 

There were no options granted during 2022, 2021, or 2020. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized compensation cost related to the nonvested options. 
 Cash received from options exercised under all share-based compensation plans was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The tax benefit realized for stock options exercised was million, million, and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company has no specific policy to repurchase common shares to mitigate the dilutive impact of options however, the Company has historically made adequate discretionary repurchases of common shares in an amount that exceeds stock option exercise activity. See a description of the Company s Repurchase Authorizations in Note 14, Common Stock and Earnings Per Share, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements provided in Item 8 of this report. 
 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan 
 At the April 24, 2018 shareholders meeting, the shareholders of the Company approved the UMB Financial Corporation Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (OICP) which became effective as of April 24, 2018. The OICP permits the issuance to key employees of the Company various types of awards, including stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units, performance awards and other stock-based awards. Service-based restricted stock unit awards contain a service requirement and the performance-based restricted stock unit awards contain performance and service requirements. The number of shares of the Company s stock reserved for issuance under the OICP is million shares. 
 The service-based restricted stock unit awards are payable in shares of stock and the majority contain a service requirement with a four-year graded vesting schedule in which , , and . Certain other grants contain a service requirement with either a two-year cliff vesting or a three-year graded vesting schedule in which and the remaining . 
 The performance-based restricted stock unit awards are payable in shares of stock and contain a service and a performance requirement. The performance requirement is based on two predetermined performance requirements over a three-year period. The service requirement portion is a three-year cliff vesting. If the minimum performance requirement is not met, the participants do not receive the shares. 
 The dividends on service-based restricted stock units are treated as two separate transactions. First, cash dividends are paid on the restricted stock units. Those cash dividends are then paid to purchase additional shares of restricted stock units. Dividends earned as additional shares of restricted stock units have the same terms as the associated grant. The dividends paid on the stock are recorded as a reduction to retained earnings, similar to all dividend transactions. Dividends are not paid on performance-based restricted stock units. 
 104 

Granted 

Canceled 

Vested 

Nonvested - December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to the nonvested service-based restricted stock units. The cost is expected to be recognized over a period of years. Total fair value of units vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 

Granted 

Canceled 

Vested 

Performance based adjustment 

Nonvested - December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to the nonvested performance-based restricted stock units. The cost is expected to be recognized over a period of years. The fair value of units vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. There were units vested during 2020. reportable segments: Commercial Banking, Institutional Banking, and Personal Banking (collectively, the Business Segments, and each, a Business Segment). The Company s senior executive officers regularly evaluate Business Segment financial results produced by the Company s internal reporting system in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance for individual Business Segments. The Company s reportable Business Segments include certain corporate overhead, technology and service costs that are allocated based on methodologies that are applied consistently between periods. For comparability purposes, amounts in all periods are based on methodologies in effect at December 31, 2022. Previously reported results have been reclassified in this filing to conform to the current organizational structure. 
 The following summaries provide information about the activities of each segment: 
 Commercial Banking serves the commercial banking and treasury management needs of the Company s small to middle-market businesses through a variety of products and services. Such services include commercial loans, commercial real estate financing, commercial credit cards, letters of credit, loan syndication services, and consultative services. In addition, the Company s specialty lending group offers a variety of business solutions including asset-based lending, mezzanine debt and minority equity investments. Treasury management services include depository services, account reconciliation and cash management tools such as, accounts payable and receivable solutions, electronic fund transfer and automated payments, controlled disbursements, lockbox services, and remote deposit capture services. 
 105 

Provision for credit losses 

Noninterest income 

Noninterest expense 

Income before taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Average assets 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Commercial Banking 

Institutional Banking 

Personal Banking 

Total 

Net interest income 

Provision for credit losses 

Noninterest income 

Noninterest expense 

Income before taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Average assets 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Commercial Banking 

Institutional Banking 

Personal Banking 

Total 

Net interest income 

Provision for credit losses 

Noninterest income 

Noninterest expense 

Income (loss) before taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income (loss) 

Average assets 

106 

107 
 
 million, million, and million of expense, respectively, recorded within the Bankcard fees line on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income related to rebates and rewards programs that are outside of the scope of ASC 606. All material performance obligations are satisfied as of the end of each accounting period. 
 
 Investment securities gains, net In the regular course of business, the Company recognizes gains on the sale of available-for-sale securities. Additionally, the Company recognizes gains and losses on equity securities with readily determinable fair values and equity securities without readily determinable fair values. These gains and losses are recognized in accordance with ASC 320, Debt and Equity Securities , and are outside of the scope of ASC 606. 
 
 Other income The Company recognizes other miscellaneous income through a variety of other revenue streams, the most material of which include letter of credit fees, certain loan origination fees, gains on the sale of assets, derivative income, and bank-owned and company-owned life insurance income. These revenue streams are outside of the scope of ASC 606 and are recognized in accordance with the applicable U.S. GAAP. The remainder of Other income is primarily earned through transactions with personal banking customers, including wire transfer service charges, stop payment charges, and fees for items like money orders and cashier s checks. The performance obligations of these types of fees are satisfied as transactions are completed and revenue is recognized upon transaction execution according to established fee schedules with the customers. 
 
 The Company had no material contract assets, contract liabilities, or remaining performance obligations as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. Total receivables from revenue recognized under the scope of ASC 606 were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. These receivables are included as part of the Other assets line on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Trading and investment banking 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

Insurance fees and commissions 

Brokerage fees 

Bankcard fees 

Investment securities gains, net 

Other 

Total noninterest income 

108 

Trading and investment banking 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

Insurance fees and commissions 

Brokerage fees 

Bankcard fees 

Investment securities gains, net 

Other 

Total noninterest income 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

NONINTEREST INCOME 

Commercial Banking 

Institutional Banking 

Personal Banking 

Revenue (Expense) out of Scope of ASC 606 

Total 

Trust and securities processing 

Trading and investment banking 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

Insurance fees and commissions 

Brokerage fees 

Bankcard fees 

Investment securities gains, net 

Other 

Total noninterest income 

Accelerated Share Repurchase Program 

Purchase of Treasury Stock 

Sale of Treasury Stock 

Issued for stock options and restricted stock 

Balance December 31, 2020 

Purchase of Treasury Stock 

Sale of Treasury Stock 

Issued for stock options and restricted stock 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Purchase of Treasury Stock 

Sale of Treasury Stock 

Issued for stock options and restricted stock 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The Board authorized the repurchase of up to million shares of common stock annually at its 2020, 2021 and 2022 meetings. During 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with BAML to repurchase an aggregate of 
 109 
 
 million of the Company s common stock through an accelerated share repurchase agreement ASR . Under the ASR, the Company repurchased a total of shares. The final settlement of the transactions under the ASR occurred in the second quarter of 2020. Other than purchases pursuant to the ASR, all share purchases pursuant to the Repurchase Authorization s are intended to be within the scope of Rule 10b-18 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 provides a safe harbor for purchases in a given day if the Company satisfies the manner, timing and volume conditions of the rule when purchasing its own common shares. The Company has not made any repurchase of its securities other than pursuant to the Repurchase Authorizations . 
 Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings per share gives effect to all potential common shares that were outstanding during the year. 

Dilutive effect of stock options and restricted stock 

Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding 

to . The Company generally requires the customer to pledge collateral to support the letter of credit. The maximum liability to the Company under standby letters of credit at December 31, 
 110 
 
 million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 20 2 2 and 20 2 1 , standby letters of credit totaling million and million, respectively, were with related parties to the Company. 
 The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities. The Company holds collateral supporting those commitments when deemed necessary. Collateral varies but may include such items as those described for commitments to extend credit. 
 Futures contracts are contracts for delayed delivery of securities or money market instruments in which the seller agrees to make delivery at a specified future date, of a specified instrument, at a specified yield. Risks arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts and from movement in securities values and interest rates. Instruments used in trading activities are carried at fair value and gains and losses on futures contracts are settled in cash daily. Any changes in the fair value are recognized in trading and investment banking income. 
 The Company uses contracts to offset interest rate risk on specific securities held in the trading portfolio. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were notional amounts outstanding for these contracts. There were open futures contract positions during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. There was net futures activity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. The Company controls the credit risk of its futures contracts through credit approvals, limits and monitoring procedures. 
 The Company also enters into foreign exchange contracts on a limited basis. For operating purposes, the Company maintains certain balances in foreign banks. Foreign exchange contracts are purchased on a monthly basis to avoid foreign exchange risk on these foreign balances. The Company will also enter into foreign exchange contracts to facilitate foreign exchange needs of customers. The Company will enter into a contract to buy or sell a foreign currency at a future date only as part of a contract to sell or buy the foreign currency at the same future date to a customer. During 2022, contracts to purchase and to sell foreign currency averaged approximately million compared to million during 2021. The net gains on these foreign exchange contracts for 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 With respect to group concentrations of credit risk, most of the Company s business activity is with customers in the states of Missouri, Kansas, Colorado, Oklahoma, Nebraska, Arizona, Illinois, and Texas. At December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any significant credit concentrations in any particular industry. 

Commitments to extend credit under credit card loans 

Commercial letters of credit 

Standby letters of credit 

Forward contracts 

Spot foreign exchange contracts 

Allowance for Credit Losses on Off-Balance Sheet Credit Exposure 
 The Company estimates expected credit losses over the contractual period in which the Company is exposed to credit risk via a contractual obligation to extend credit, unless that obligation is unconditionally cancelable by the Company. The estimate includes consideration of the likelihood that funding will occur and an estimate of expected credit losses on commitments expected to be funded over its estimated life. The estimate is based on expected utilization rates by portfolio segment. Utilization rates are influenced by historical trends and current conditions. The expected utilization rates are applied to the total commitment to determine the expected amount to be funded. The allowance for off-balance sheet credit exposure is calculated by applying portfolio segment expected credit loss rates to the expected amount to be funded. 
 111 
 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was recorded in the Accrued expenses and taxes line of the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Provision of thousand was recorded for off-balance sheet credit exposures for the year ended December 31, 2022. A reduction of million of provision for off-balance sheet credit exposures was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. Provision for off-balance sheet credit exposures is recorded in the Provision for credit losses line of the Company s Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 in 2022, in 2021, and in 2020. These percentages are computed by dividing Income tax expense by Income before income taxes. 

State 

Total current tax expense 

Deferred tax 

Federal 

State 

Total deferred tax benefit 

Total tax expense 

112 
 
 for income before income taxes is as follows (in thousands): 

Tax-exempt interest income 

Tax-exempt life insurance related income 

Meals, entertainment and related expenses 

State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefits 

Equity-based compensation 

Federal tax credits, net of amortization of LIHTC investments 

Other 

Total tax expense 

In preparing its tax returns, the Company is required to interpret tax laws and regulations to determine its taxable income. Periodically, the Company is subject to examinations by various taxing authorities that may give rise to differing interpretations of these laws. Upon examination, agreement of tax liabilities between the Company and the multiple tax jurisdictions in which the Company files tax returns may ultimately be different. During 2022, the Internal Revenue Service closed the examination of tax years 2014 and 2015 with no changes to the tax returns as filed. The Company is in the examination process with two state tax authorities for tax years 2018, 2019, and 2020. The Company believes the aggregate amount of any additional liabilities that may result from these examinations, if any, will not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows of the Company. 
 Deferred income taxes result from differences between the carrying value of assets and liabilities measured for financial reporting and the tax basis of assets and liabilities for income tax return purposes. 

Loans, principally due to allowance for credit losses 

Equity-based compensation 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred compensation 

Miscellaneous 

Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Net unrealized gain on securities available for sale 

Net unrealized gain on fair value hedges 

Securities 

Land, buildings and equipment 

Original issue discount 

Prepaid expenses 

Partnership investments 

Trust preferred securities 

Intangibles 

Miscellaneous 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

113 
 
 thousand are included in the miscellaneous deferred tax assets line item above. These deferred tax assets include approximately million related to net operating losses that can be used to offset taxable income in future periods and reduce our income taxes payable in those future periods. Most of these net operating losses expire at various times between and and some have an indefinite carryforward. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company released a portion of the state valuation allowance of million, due to positive evidence outweighing negative evidence, specifically no longer being in a cumulative loss position in certain jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a valuation allowance of thousand and thousand, respectively, for certain state net operating losses as they are not expected to be realized. In addition, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a valuation allowance of thousand and thousand, respectively, to reduce certain other state deferred tax assets to the amount of tax benefit management believes will be more likely than not realized. 
 The net deferred tax asset at December 31, 2022 is included in the Other assets line of the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets while the net deferred tax liability at December 31, 2021 is included in the Accrued expenses and taxes line of the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various states. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for tax years prior to 2017 in the jurisdictions in which it files. 
 Liabilities Associated With Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 The gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits, net of associated deferred tax benefit, that would impact the effective tax rate, if recognized, would be million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The unrecognized tax benefits relate to state tax positions that have a corresponding federal tax benefit. While it is expected that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change in the next twelve months, the Company does not expect this change to have a material impact on the financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows of the Company. 

Gross increases - tax positions in prior period 

Gross decreases - tax positions in prior period 

Gross increases - current-period tax positions 

Lapse of statute of limitations 

Unrecognized tax benefits - ending balance 

114 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

Total 

Fair Value Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company is exposed to changes in the fair value of certain of its fixed-rate assets and liabilities due to changes in the benchmark interest rate, LIBOR. Interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges involve making fixed rate payments to a counterparty in exchange for the Company receiving variable rate payments over the life of the agreements without the exchange of the underlying notional amount. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had interest rate swaps that were designated as fair value hedges of interest rate risk associated with the Company s municipal bond securities. These swaps had a notional amount of million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had interest rate swaps that were designated as fair value hedges of interest rate risk associated with the Company s municipal bond securities. These swaps had a notional amount of billion as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company terminated seven fair value hedges. In connection with these terminated hedges, million of hedging adjustments will be amortized through the contractual maturity date of each respective hedged item. 
 For derivatives designated and that qualify as fair value hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative as well as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in Interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company s objective in using interest rate derivatives is to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps and floors as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had interest rate swaps that were designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk associated with the Company s variable-rate subordinated debentures issued by Marquette Capital Trusts III and IV. These swaps had an aggregate notional amount of million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. Interest rate floors designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty if interest rates fall below the 
 115 
 
 , the Company terminated an interest rate floor with a notional amount of million . At the date of termination, the interest rate floor had a net asset fair value of million. T he gross unrealized gain on the terminated interest rate floor remaining in AOCI was million, or million net of tax, and million, or million net of tax , as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 , respectively . The unrealized gain will be reclassified into Interest income as the underlying forecasted transactions impact earnings through the original maturity of the hedged forecasted transactions. The total remaining term over which the unrealized gain will be reclassified into earnings is years . 
 For derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk, the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in AOCI and is subsequently reclassified into interest expense and interest income in the period during which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. Amounts reported in AOCI related to interest rate swap derivatives will be reclassified to Interest expense as interest payments are received or paid on the Company s hedged items. Amounts reported in AOCI related to interest rate floor derivatives will be reclassified to Interest income as interest payments are received or paid on the Company s hedged items. The Company expects to reclassify million from AOCI as a reduction to Interest expense and million from AOCI to Interest income during the next 12 months. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for forecasted transactions over a maximum period of years. 
 Non-designated Hedges 
 The remainder of the Company s derivatives are not designated in qualifying hedging relationships. Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and result from a service the Company provides to certain customers. The Company executes interest rate swaps with commercial banking customers to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. Those interest rate swaps are simultaneously offset by interest rate swaps that the Company executes with a third party, such that the Company minimizes its net risk exposure resulting from such transactions. As the interest rate swaps associated with this program do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements, changes in the fair value of both the customer swaps and the offsetting swaps are recognized directly in earnings. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of billion related to this program. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of billion. 
 Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

Total 

Interest Rate Products 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 

Fair value adjustments on derivatives 

Fair value adjustments on hedged items 

Total 

116 

Interest rate swaps 

Total 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 

Gain Recognized in OCI on Derivative 

Gain Recognized in OCI Included Component 

Gain Recognized in OCI Excluded Component 

Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Earnings 

Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Earnings Included Component 

Loss Reclassified from AOCI into Earnings Excluded Component 

Interest rate floor 

Interest rate swaps 

Total 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 

Gain (Loss) Recognized in OCI on Derivative 

Gain (Loss) Recognized in OCI Included Component 

Loss Recognized in OCI Excluded Component 

Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Earnings 

Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Earnings Included Component 

Loss Reclassified from AOCI into Earnings Excluded Component 

Interest rate floor 

Interest rate swaps 

Total 

Credit-risk-related Contingent Features 
 The Company has agreements with certain of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision that if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Company could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations. 
 The Company has minimum collateral posting thresholds with certain of its derivative counterparties. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had t posted any collateral as there were derivatives in a net liability position. If the Company had breached any of these provisions at December 31, 2022, it could have been required to settle its obligations under the agreements at the termination value. 
 117 

U.S. Agencies 

Mortgage-backed 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporates 

Trading other 

Trading securities 

U.S. Treasury 

U.S. Agencies 

Mortgage-backed 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporates 

Collateralized loan obligations 

Securities available for sale 

Equity securities with readily determinable fair values 

Company-owned life insurance 

Bank-owned life insurance 

Derivatives 

Total 

Liabilities 

Derivatives 

Securities sold not yet purchased 

Total 

118 

U.S. Agencies 

Mortgage-backed 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporates 

Trading other 

Trading securities 

U.S. Treasury 

U.S. Agencies 

Mortgage-backed 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporates 

Collateralized loan obligations 

Securities available for sale 

Equity securities with readily determinable fair values 

Company-owned life insurance 

Bank-owned life insurance 

Derivatives 

Total 

Liabilities 

Derivatives 

Securities sold not yet purchased 

Total 

Valuation methods for instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments measured on a recurring basis: 
 Trading Securities Fair values for trading securities (including financial futures), are based on quoted market prices where available. If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on quoted market prices for similar securities. 
 Securities Available for Sale Fair values are based on quoted market prices or dealer quotes, if available. If a quoted market price is not available, fair value is estimated using quoted market prices for similar securities. Prices are provided by third-party pricing services and are based on observable market inputs. On an annual basis, the Company compares a sample of these prices to other independent sources for the same securities. Additionally, throughout the year, if securities are sold, comparisons are made between the pricing services prices and the market prices at which the securities were sold. Variances are analyzed, and, if appropriate, additional research is conducted with the third-party pricing services. Based on this research, the pricing services may affirm or revise their quoted price. No significant adjustments have been made to the prices provided by the pricing services. The pricing services also provide documentation on an ongoing basis that includes reference data, inputs and methodology by asset class, which is reviewed to ensure that security placement within the fair value hierarchy is appropriate. 
 Equity securities with readily determinable fair values Fair values are based on quoted market prices. 
 Company-owned Life Insurance Fair value is equal to the cash surrender value of the life insurance policies. 
 Bank-owned Life Insurance Fair value is equal to the cash surrender value of the life insurance policies. 
 119 

Other real estate owned 

Total 

Fair Value Measurement at December 31, 2021 Using 

Description 

December 31, 
 2021 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Total Gains Recognized During the Twelve Months Ended December 31 

Collateral dependent assets 

Other real estate owned 

Total 

Valuation methods for instruments measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis 
 The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments measured on a non-recurring basis: 
 Collateral Dependent Assets C ollateral dependent assets are assets evaluated as part of the ACL on an individual basis. Those assets for which there is an associated allowance are considered financial assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. Adjustments are recorded on certain assets to reflect write-downs that are based on the external appraised value of the underlying collateral. The external appraisals are generally based on recent sales of comparable properties which are then adjusted for the unique characteristics of the property being valued. In the case of non-real estate collateral, reliance is placed on a variety of sources, including external estimates of value and judgments based on the experience and expertise of internal specialists within the Company s property management group and the Company s credit department. The valuation of collateral dependent assets and impaired loans are reviewed on a quarterly basis. Because many of these inputs are not observable, the measurements are classified as Level 3. 
 Other real estate owned Other real estate owned consists of loan collateral which has been repossessed through foreclosure. This collateral is comprised of commercial and residential real estate and other non-real estate property, including auto, recreational and marine vehicles. Other real estate owned is recorded as held for sale initially at the fair value of the collateral less estimated selling costs. The initial valuation of the foreclosed property 
 120 

Securities available for sale 

Securities held to maturity (exclusive of allowance for credit losses) 

Trading securities 

Other securities 

Loans (exclusive of allowance for credit losses) 

Derivatives 

FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 

Demand and savings deposits 

Time deposits 

Other borrowings 

Long-term debt 

Derivatives 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

Commitments to extend credit for loans 

Commercial letters of credit 

Standby letters of credit 

121 

Securities available for sale 

Securities held to maturity (exclusive of allowance for credit losses) 

Trading securities 

Other securities 

Loans (exclusive of allowance for credit losses) 

Derivatives 

FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 

Demand and savings deposits 

Time deposits 

Other borrowings 

Long-term debt 

Derivatives 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

Commitments to extend credit for loans 

Commercial letters of credit 

Standby letters of credit 

Cash and short-term investments The carrying amounts of cash and due from banks, federal funds sold and resell agreements are reasonable estimates of their fair values. 
 Securities held to maturity For U.S. Agency and mortgage-backed securities, as well as general obligation bonds in the State and political subdivision portfolio, fair values are based on quoted market prices or dealer quotes, if available. If a quoted market price is not available, fair value is estimated using quoted market prices for similar securities. Prices are provided by third-party pricing services and are based on observable market inputs. On an annual basis, the Company compares a sample of these prices to other independent sources for the same securities. Variances are analyzed, and, if appropriate, additional research is conducted with the third-party pricing services. Based on this research, the pricing services may affirm or revise their quoted price. No significant adjustments have been made to the prices provided by the pricing services. The pricing services also provide documentation on an ongoing basis that includes reference data, inputs and methodology by asset class, which is reviewed to ensure that security placement within the fair value hierarchy is appropriate. For private placement bonds in the State and political subdivision portfolio, fair values are estimated by discounting the future cash flows using current market rates. 
 Other securities Amount consists of FRB and FHLB stock held by the Company, equity securities with readily determinable fair values, and equity securities without readily determinable fair values, including equity-method investments and other miscellaneous investments. The carrying amount of the FRB and FHLB stock equals its fair value because the shares can only be redeemed by the FRB and FHLB at their carrying amount. Equity securities with readily determinable fair values are measured at fair value using quoted market prices. Equity securities without readily determinable fair values are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. 
 Loans Fair values are estimated for portfolios with similar financial characteristics. Loans are segregated by type, such as commercial, real estate, consumer, and credit card. Each loan category is further segmented into fixed and variable interest rate categories. The fair value of loans is estimated by discounting the future cash flows. The discount rates used are estimated using comparable market rates for similar types of instruments adjusted to be commensurate with the credit risk, overhead costs, and optionality of such instruments. 
 122 

Non-banks 

Total investment in subsidiaries 

Goodwill on purchased affiliates 

Cash 

Investment securities and other 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Long-term debt 

Accrued expenses and other 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

123 

Service fees from subsidiaries 

Other 

Total income 

EXPENSE 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Other 

Total expense 

Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Income before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 

Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries: 

Banks 

Non-Banks 

Net income 

Other comprehensive (loss) income 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

124 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: 

Equity in earnings of subsidiaries 

Dividends received from subsidiaries 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Equity based compensation 

Changes in other assets and liabilities, net 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Net capital investment in subsidiaries 

Net decrease (increase) in investment securities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Cash dividends paid 

Proceeds from short-term debt 

Repayment of short-term debt 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options and sales of treasury stock 

Purchases of treasury stock 

Net cash provided by (used in) in financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

125 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures At the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have each evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s Disclosure Controls and Procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) and have concluded that the Company s Disclosure Controls and Procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and effected by the Board, management and other personnel, a n evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting was conducted based on the criteria established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 's Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) . 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In addition, given the Company s size, operations and footprint, lapses or deficiencies in internal controls may occur from time to time. 
 Based on the evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013), management (with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) under the oversight of the Board of Directors, has concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective at the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. KPMG LLP , Kansas City, Missouri , (U.S. PCAOB Auditor Firm ID: ), the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the financial statements included within this report, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting at the end of the period covered by this report . KPMG LLP's attestation report is set forth below . 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting No change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the last quarter of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 126 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors UMB Financial Corporation: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited UMB Financial Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 127 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this item relating to executive officers is included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant." 
 The information required by this item regarding Directors is incorporated herein by reference to information to be included under the caption "Proposal #1: Election of Directors" of the Company's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on April 25, 2023 (the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders), which will be provided to shareholders within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 The information required by this item regarding the Audit Committee and the Audit Committee financial experts is incorporated herein by reference to information to be included under the caption "Corporate Governance Committees of the Board of Directors Audit Committee" of the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be provided to shareholders within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 The information required by this item concerning Section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance is incorporated herein by reference to information to be included under the caption "Stock Ownership Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" of the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be provided to shareholders within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 The Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to all directors, officers and employees, including its chief executive officer, chief financial officer and chief accounting officer. You can find the Company's code of ethics on its website by going to the following address: http://investorrelations.umb.com . Information on the Company s website is not incorporated by reference into this report and should not be considered part of this document. The Company will post on its website any amendments or waivers to its code of ethics that are required to be disclosed under the rules of either the SEC or NASDAQ. A copy of the code of ethics will be provided, at no charge, to any person requesting the same, by written notice sent to the Company's Corporate Secretary, 6 th floor, 1010 Grand Blvd., Kansas City, Missouri 64106. 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to information to be included under the Executive Compensation sections of the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be provided to shareholders within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to information to be included under the caption "Stock Ownership - Principal Shareholders," which will be provided to shareholders within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 Security Ownership of Management 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be provided to shareholders within 120 days after 
 128 

December 31, 20 2 2 , under the caption " Stock Ownership Stock Owned by Directors , Nominees , and Executive Officers." 
 The following table summarizes shares authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 (a) 

Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 (b) 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

2005 Long Term Incentive Plan 

137,858 

62.08 

None 

2018 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan 

None 

None 

2,379,522 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

None 

None 

None 

Total 

137,858 

62.08 

2,379,522 

For additional information concerning the Company s equity compensation plans, see Note 11, Employee Benefits, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements provided in Item 8 of this report. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information to be provided under the captions Corporate Governance Transactions with Related Persons , Corporate Governance The Board of Directors Independent Directors and Corporate Governance Committees of the Board of Directors of the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be provided to shareholders within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information to be provided under the caption "Proposal #3: Ratification of the Corporate Audit Committee s Engagement of KPMG LLP as UMB s Independent Public Accounting Firm for 2023 of the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be provided to shareholders within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 129 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company are included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Years Ended December 31, 2022 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the parent company only may be found in Item 8 above. All other schedules have been omitted because the required information is presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements or in the notes thereto, the amounts involved are not significant or the required subject matter is not applicable. 
 Exhibits 
 The following Exhibit Index lists the Exhibits to Form 10-K: 

3.1 
 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006 and filed with the Commission on May 9, 2006). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws, amended as of January 24, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 24, 2023 and filed with the Commission on January 26, 2023). 

4.1 
 
 Description of the capital stock included in the Registration Statement on Form 8-A (incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form 8-A dated May 1, 2018 and filed with the Commission on May 1, 2018). 

4.2 
 
 Description of the capital stock included in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 ASR dated August 17, 2022 and filed with the Commission on August 17, 2022). 

4.3 
 
 Description of UMB Financial Corporation s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form 10-K for December 31, 2019 and filed with the Commission on February 27, 2020). 

4.4 
 
 Indenture, dated as of September 17, 2020, by and between UMB Financial Corporation and Wells Fargo, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 17, 2020 and filed with the Commission on September 22, 2020). 

4.5 
 
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 17, 2020, by and between UMB Financial Corporation and Wells Fargo, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to the 3.700 Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 17, 2020 and filed with the Commission on September 22, 2020). 

4.6 
 
 Form of 3.700 Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 17, 2020 and filed with the Commission on September 22, 2020). 

4.7 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 28, 2022, by and between UMB Financial Corporation and Wells Fargo, National Association, as Trustee, with respect to the 6.250 Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes due 2032 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 28, 2022 and filed with the Commission on September 28, 2022). 

130 

4.8 
 
 Form of 6.250 Fixed-to-Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes due 2032 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 28, 2022 and filed with the Commission on September 28, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 UMB Financial Corporation Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan amended and restated as of April 23, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company s Proxy Statement for the Company s April 23, 2013 Annual Meeting filed with the Commission on March 13, 2013). 

10.2 
 
 Deferred Compensation Plan, dated as of December 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 10-K for December 31, 2017 and filed with the Commission on February 22, 2018). 

10.3 
 
 UMBF 2005 Short-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form 10-K for December 31, 2004 and filed with the Commission on March 14, 2005). 

10.4 
 
 Performance Share Unit Award Agreement for the UMB Financial Corporation Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 8, 2018 and filed with the Commission on June 14, 2018). 

10.5 
 
 Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement for the UMB Financial Corporation Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan filed herewith. 

10.6 
 
 Form of 2016 Stock Option Award Agreement for the UMB Financial Corporation Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10Q filed with the Commission on August 2, 2016). 

10.7 
 
 UMBF Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company s Proxy Statement for the Company s April 24, 2018 Annual Meeting filed with the Commission on March 13, 2018). 

10.8 
 
 Performance Share Unit Award Agreement with Shannon A. Johnson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 25, 2022 and filed with the Commission on July 29, 2022). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant filed herewith. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm KPMG LLP filed herewith. 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney filed herewith. 

31.1 
 
 CEO Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act filed herewith. 

31.2 
 
 CFO Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act filed herewith. 

32.1 
 
 CEO Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act filed herewith. 

32.2 
 
 CFO Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act filed herewith. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document filed herewith. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document filed herewith. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document filed herewith. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document filed herewith. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document filed herewith. 

104 
 
 The cover page of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in iXBRL. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 131 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, as of February 23, 2023. 

UMB FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

/s/ J. Mariner Kemper 

J. Mariner Kemper 

Chairman of the Board, 

Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Ram Shankar 

Ram Shankar 

Chief Financial Officer 

/s/ David C. Odgers 

David C. Odgers 

Chief Accounting Officer 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities on the date indicated. 

Robin C. Beery 
 
 Director 
 
 Leroy J. Williams 
 
 Director 

Robin C. Beery 
 
 Leroy J. Williams 

Janine A. Davidson 
 
 Director 
 
 Kevin C. Gallagher 
 
 Director 

Janine A. Davidson 

Kevin C. Gallagher 

Greg M. Graves 
 
 Director 
 
 Alexander C. Kemper 
 
 Director 

Greg M. Graves 
 
 Alexander C. Kemper 

Gordon E. Lansford III 
 
 Director 
 
 Timothy R. Murphy 
 
 Director 

Gordon E. Lansford III 
 
 Timothy R. Murphy 

Tamara M. Peterman 
 
 Director 
 
 Kris A. Robbins 
 
 Director 

Tamara M. Peterman 
 
 Kris A. Robbins 

L. Joshua Sosland 
 
 Director 
 
 /s/ J. Mariner Kemper 
 
 Director, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer 

L. Joshua Sosland 
 
 J. Mariner Kemper 

Attorney-in-Fact for each director 

132 

<EX-10.5>
 2
 umbf-ex105_168.htm
 EX-10.5

umbf-ex105_168.htm

Exhibit 10.5 
 UMB Financial Corporation Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan 
 RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 Pursuant to this Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (this Award Agreement ), and subject to the terms and conditions herein and in the UMB Financial Corporation Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ), UMB Financial Corporation (the Company, as defined in the Plan) grants an award (the Award of restricted share units under the Plan to the following identified Grantee with the following specified terms: 
 Summary of Award Terms : 
 
 Name of grantee : (the Grantee 
 Date of grant : __________________ (the Grant Date 
 Number of restricted share units : (the RSUs 
 Vesting Schedule : 

Settlement Date 
 
 Number of RSUs that Vest 

[one year anniversary of Grant Date] 
 
 33 of RSUs 

[two year anniversary of Grant Date] 
 
 33 of RSUs 

[three year anniversary of Grant Date] 
 
 The remaining 34 of RSUs (100 cumulative) 

Capitalized terms used in this Award Agreement, unless otherwise defined, shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. 
 Please note that the Award is conditioned on your acknowledgment of receipt and acceptance within one year after receiving this Award Agreement. See Section 15 below. If you do not accept the Award before the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date, your Award will be forfeited . 
 
 1 

1. 
 
 Grant of Restricted Share Units . The Company hereby grants this Award of RSUs, pursuant to which, subject to the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan, the Company will pay to the Grantee on the Settlement Date both (i) one share of Common Stock as of the Settlement Date multiplied by the number of vested RSUs, and (ii) one share of Common Stock as of the Settlement Date for each Dividend Equivalent Unit (as defined in Section 2(d) hereof) relating to such vested RSUs, subject to applicable withholding for taxes. For the avoidance of doubt, the right to receive any Dividend Equivalent Units is subject to the same vesting terms as the related RSUs which give rise to the Dividend Equivalent Units, and no Dividend Equivalent Unit is payable with respect to any RSUs that are forfeited (whether or not vested) or that do not vest for any reason. 

2. 
 
 Certain Definitions : For purposes of this Award Agreement: 

a. 
 
 The term Cause is to be construed the same as such similar term is defined in any employment agreement, offer letter, or service provider agreement between the Grantee and the Company as may be in force from time to time, and in the absence of such agreement or letter, shall mean: (i) the Grantee s refusal to perform, or repeated failure to undertake good faith efforts to perform, the duties or responsibilities reasonably assigned to Grantee; (ii) Grantee s engagement in gross misconduct or gross negligence in the course of carrying out his or her duties; or (iii) Grantee s conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to any felony or any misdemeanor involving fraud, intentionally false statements or intentionally misleading omissions, wrongful taking, embezzlement, bribery, forgery, counterfeiting or extortion; or (iv) Grantee s violation of law or Company policies or procedures. 

b. 
 
 References to the Committee refer to the committee administering the Plan (or its authorized delegate, as applicable). 

c. 
 
 Disability or Disabled means: the Grantee (1) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve months, or (2) is, by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company. 

d. 
 
 Dividend Equivalent Units mean the aggregate number of units determined by dividing (1) the value of the dividends declared on the Common Stock, if any, whose dividend record date occurs during the period from the Grant Date until the day before the Settlement Date, that would be payable with respect to the number of shares of Common Stock relating to the RSUs and any prior Dividend Equivalent Units, by (2) the mean of the high and low stock price of Common Stock on the dividend s payable date (rounded down to the nearest whole share). 

 2 

Dividend value for this purpose is determined as of the relevant dividend payment date(s). 

e. 
 
 Grantee shall be considered to have a Termination of Employment on the first day following the Grant Date that the Grantee has a termination of employment as provided in Section 11.2.1 of the Plan, and the term Termination Date means the day on which the Grantee s Termination of Employment occurs. Specifically, Grantee will have a Termination of Employment: (i) on the date that Grantee experiences a separation from service within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A, (ii) at such time as the Committee determines that the Grantee s authorized leave of absence or absence in military or government service constitutes a Termination of Employment; (iii) on the effective date that a subsidiary of the Company ceases to be a subsidiary, if the Grantee is employed by or provides services to such subsidiary, unless the Committee determines otherwise; and (iv) on the date that the Grantee ceases to be an employee of the Company even if the Grantee continues or simultaneously commences service as a director of the Company. 

3. 
 
 Vesting . 

a. 
 
 The Award is subject to the vesting terms set forth in the Summary of Award Terms above, except as may otherwise be provided in this Award Agreement or in the Plan. Any portion of the Award that does not vest for any reason shall automatically be cancelled and terminated and be of no further force and effect. 

b. 
 
 If the Grantee has a Termination of Employment prior to the Settlement Date due to the Grantee s death or Disability, then all unvested RSUs granted hereunder will vest as of such Termination Date. The Settlement Date for the Award that vests pursuant to this Section shall be within 90 days following the Termination Date. 

c. 
 
 If the Grantee has a Qualified Retirement, then the remaining unvested RSUs granted hereunder will vest and be paid on the remaining Settlement Dates. 

 For purposes of this paragraph, Qualified Retirement means that: (1) the Grantee has a Termination of Employment prior to the Settlement Date but at least one year following the Grant Date; and (2) such Termination is due either to an involuntary termination as a result of the elimination of the Grantee s position or to the Grantee s voluntary termination on or after reaching the later of (i) age 65 plus 5 years of service or (ii) a combination of age and years of service of 75 or more. 

4. 
 
 Forfeiture . 

a. 
 
 If the Grantee has a Termination of Employment prior to the Settlement Date for any reason, the Grantee shall forfeit, and shall have no further rights or interest with respect to, any of the RSUs granted hereby that remain unvested, with 

 3 

automatic and immediate effect (after giving effect to any applicable vesting acceleration provision in Section 3) as of the Termination Date. 

b. 
 
 The Grantee shall forfeit and cease to have any right or interest in any of the RSUs granted hereby, whether or not vested: (i) immediately as of the time the Grantee receives notice of a termination of Grantee s employment or service for Cause, (ii) upon the Grantee s breach, as determined by the Committee, of any non-disclosure, non-competition, or non-solicitation restrictive covenant obligation owed to the Company, or (iii) upon the Committee s determination that any conduct of the Grantee constitutes grounds for forfeiture under the Plan. 

c. 
 
 The Award, or payment thereunder, shall be subject to reduction, in the discretion of the Company, to the extent the Company determines it is required to avoid the imposition of any excise tax on excess parachute payments under Internal Revenue Code Section 4999. 

5. 
 
 Change in Control . In the event of a Change in Control, the Award shall be subject to the provisions of Section 11.1 of the Plan. The Settlement Date for any portion of the Award that vests pursuant to this Section shall be within 90 days following the Termination Date. 

6. 
 
 Settlement of Award. Within 90 days following the Settlement Date, the Company will, in full satisfaction of the RSUs and any associated Dividend Equivalent Units granted hereby, pay to the Grantee the amount owed in whole shares of Common Stock. 

a. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no transfer of shares of Common Stock shall become effective until the Company determines that such transfer, issuance, and delivery is in compliance with all applicable, laws, regulations of governmental authority, and the requirements of any securities exchange on which shares of Common Stock may be traded. 

b. 
 
 The Committee may, as a condition to the issuance of Shares, require the Grantee to make covenants and representations and/or enter into agreements with the Company to reflect the Grantee s rights and obligations as a stockholder of the Company and any limitations and restrictions on such Shares. 

c. 
 
 The transfer of Shares pursuant to this Award shall be effectuated by an appropriate entry on the books of the Company, the issuance of certificates representing such shares (bearing such legends as the Committee deems necessary or desirable), the transfer of shares to a brokerage account in the name of the Grantee, and/or other appropriate means as determined by the Committee. 

d. 
 
 Unless and until any shares of Common Stock are issued in settlement of the Award, the Award shall not confer to the Grantee any rights or status as a stockholder of the Company. 

7. 
 
 Withholding . Grantee shall surrender to the Company, for no consideration, the portion of any shares of Common Stock that become vested under this Award whose aggregate 

 4 

Fair Market Value is sufficient to satisfy federal, state, and local withholding tax requirements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that withholding tax is due prior to the date that the Award is subject to income tax recognition and withholding, the Grantee shall be responsible for the payment of such amount, and shall satisfy such responsibility by paying the amount to the Company prior to the date that the Company is obligated to pay such withholding to the appropriate taxing authority, or by authorizing the Company to deduct such amount from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Grantee from the Company. 

8. 
 
 No Assignment or Transfer . The Award granted hereunder may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution. No transfer by will or the laws of descent and distribution shall be effective to bind the Company unless the Committee shall have been furnished with (i) written notice thereof along with such evidence as the Committee may deem necessary to establish the validity of the transfer and (ii) an agreement by the transferee to comply with all the terms and conditions of the Award that are or would have been applicable to the Grantee and to be bound by the acknowledgements made by the Grantee in connection with the grant. 

9. 
 
 Grantee Representations . By accepting the Award, the Grantee represents and acknowledges the following: 

a. 
 
 The Grantee has received a copy of the Plan, has reviewed the Plan and this Award Agreement in their entirety, and has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of independent counsel prior to accepting the Award. 

b. 
 
 The Grantee has had the opportunity to consult with a tax advisor concerning the tax consequences of accepting the Award, and understands that the Company makes no representation regarding the tax treatment as to any aspect of the Award, including the grant, vesting, settlement, or conversion of the Award. 

c. 
 
 The Grantee understands that neither the grant of this discretionary Award nor the Grantee s participation in the Plan confers any right to continue in the service of the Company or to receive any other award or amount of compensation, whether under the Plan or otherwise, and no payment of any award under the Plan will be taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, retirement, profit sharing, group insurance, or other benefit plan of the Company except as otherwise specifically provided in such other plan. 

d. 
 
 The Grantee consents to the collection, use, and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Grantee s personal data by the Company, the Committee, and any third party retained to administer the Plan for the exclusive purpose of administering the Award and Grantee s participation in the Plan. The Grantee agrees to promptly notify the Committee of any changes in the Grantee s name, address, or contact information during the entire period of Plan participation. 

 5 

10. 
 
 Adjustments . If there is a change in the outstanding shares of Common Stock due to a stock dividend, split, or consolidation, or a recapitalization , corporate change, corporate transaction, or other similar event relating to the Company, the Committee may adjust the type or number of shares of Common Stock subject to any outstanding portion of the Award in accordance with Article X of the Plan. 

11. 
 
 Administration; Interpretation . In accordance with the Plan and this Award Agreement, the Committee shall have full discretionary authority to administer the Award, including discretionary authority to interpret and construe any and all provisions relating to the Award. Decisions of the Committee shall be final, binding, and conclusive on all parties. In the event of a conflict between this Award Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall prevail. 

12. 
 
 Section 409A . To the extent applicable, it is intended that this Award Agreement comply with Internal Revenue Code Section 409A and the interpretive guidance thereunder Section 409A ), and this Award Agreement shall be administered accordingly, and interpreted and construed on a basis consistent with such intent. To the extent that any provision of this Award Agreement would fail to comply with applicable requirements of Section 409A, the Company may, in its sole and absolute discretion and without requiring the Grantee s consent, make such modifications to this Award Agreement and/or payments to be made thereunder to the extent it determines necessary or advisable to comply with the requirements of Section 409A. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a guarantee of any particular tax effect for the Award, and the Company does not guarantee that any compensation or benefits provided under this Award Agreement will satisfy the provisions of Section 409A. If (i) the Grantee s right to payment is subject to Section 409A, and (ii) the Grantee is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A) as of the Termination Date, then, to the extent necessary to comply with Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-3(i)(2), settlement of the Award shall be delayed until the earlier of (A) the date which is six months after the Grantee s separation from service, or (B) the date of the Grantee s death. 

13. 
 
 Successors . The terms of this Award Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs of the Grantee or distributes of the Grantee s estate and any successor to the Company. 

14. 
 
 Governing Law; Severability . 

a. 
 
 Governing Law . This Award Agreement shall be construed and administered in accordance with the laws of Missouri without regard to its conflict of law principles. 

b. 
 
 Severability . Any determination by a court of competent jurisdiction or relevant governmental authority that any provision or part of a provision in this Award Agreement is unlawful or invalid shall not serve to invalidate any portion of this Award Agreement not found to be unlawful or invalid, and any provision or part of a provision found to be unlawful or invalid shall be construed in a manner that 

 6 

will give effect to the terms of such provision or part of a provision to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 

15. 
 
 Acknowledgment of Receipt and Acceptance . By signing below (or execution by other means approved by the Committee, including by electronic signature), the undersigned acknowledges receipt and acceptance of the Award, agrees to the representations made in the Award, and indicates his or her intention to be bound by this Award Agreement and the terms of the Plan. 

7 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 umbf-ex211_6.htm
 EX-21.1

umbf-ex211_6.htm

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF UMB FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 December 31, 2022 

Name of Entity Organization 

Incorporation or Jurisdiction of 

Parent Ownership Percentage 

UMB Financial Corporation (Registrant and Parent Company) 

Missouri 

UMB Bank, n.a. 

United States 

100 

UMB Bank Trust, n.a. 

Missouri 

100 

UMB Capital Corporation 

Missouri 

100 

UMB Banc Leasing Corporation 

Missouri 

100 

UMB Trust Company of South Dakota 

South Dakota 

100 

UMB Insurance, Inc. 

Missouri 

100 

Kansas City Realty Company 

Kansas 

100 

UMB Realty Company, LLC 

Delaware 

100 

Kansas City Financial Corporation 

Kansas 

100 

UMB Colorado Property, LLC 

Colorado 

100 

Conifer Properties, LLC 

Missouri 

100 

Meridian AZ Properties, LLC 

Delaware 

100 

9700, LLC 

Virginia 

100 

SB T Assets, LLC 

Texas 

100 

UMB Foreign LLC 

Delaware 

100 

UMBF Trust And Agency Services (Ireland) Limited 

Dublin, Ireland 

100 

UMB Delaware, Inc. 

Delaware 

100 

UMBCDC, Inc. 

Missouri 

100 

UMB Fund Services, Inc. 

Wisconsin 

100 

UMB Distribution Services, LLC 

Wisconsin 

100 

UMB Financial Services, Inc. 

Missouri 

100 

UMB Family Wealth, LLC 

Delaware 

100 

UMB Management Equity Holdings, Inc. 

Delaware 

100 

UMB Merchant LLC 

Delaware 

100 

UMB Family Wealth - KS Halite LLC 

Delaware 

100 

UMB Family Wealth - FW Tessera Horizon LLC 

Delaware 

100 

FW Tessera Horizon LLC 

Delaware 

UMB Family Wealth - FW Tessera Horizon LLC is the managing member 

UMB Family Wealth - FW Tessera LLC 

Delaware 

100 

FW Tessera LLC 

Delaware 

UMB Family Wealth - FW Tessera LLC is the managing member 

UMB Family Wealth - FW Tessera Royale LLC 

Delaware 

100 

FW Tessera Royale LLC 

Delaware 

UMB Family Wealth - FW Tessera Royale LLC is the managing member 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 umbf-ex231_12.htm
 EX-23.1

umbf-ex231_12.htm

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-230787 and 333-266941) on Form S-3 and (Nos. 333-65807, 333-125067, 333-161398, 333-181111, 333-188100, and 333-224585) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 23, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of UMB Financial Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Kansas City, Missouri February 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 5
 umbf-ex241_8.htm
 EX-24.1

umbf-ex241_8.htm

Exhibit 24.1 
 
 SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

UMB FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

By /s/ J. Mariner Kemper 

Date February 23, 2023 

J. Mariner Kemper 
 Chairman of the Board 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints J. Mariner Kemper and Ram Shankar his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to file this report the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto such attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing required and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature and Name 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/ Robin C. Beery 
 
 Director 
 
 1/24/2023 

Robin C. Beery 

/s/ Janine A. Davidson 
 
 Director 
 
 1/24/2023 

Janine A. Davidson 

/s/ Kevin C. Gallagher 
 
 Director 
 
 1/24/2023 

Kevin C. Gallagher 

Signature and Name 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/ Greg M. Graves 
 
 Director 
 
 1/24/2023 

Greg M. Graves 

/s/ Alexander C. Kemper 
 
 Director 
 
 1/24/2023 

Alexander C. Kemper 

/s/ J. Mariner Kemper 
 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 1/24/2023 

J. Mariner Kemper 
 
 Chairman of the Board 

/s/ Gordon E. Lansford III 
 
 Director 
 
 1/24/2023 

Gordon E. Lansford III 

/s/ Timothy R. Murphy 
 
 Director 
 
 1/24/2023 

Timothy R. Murphy 

/s/ Tamara M. Peterman 
 
 Director 
 
 1/24/2023 

Tamara M. Peterman 

/s/ Kris A. Robbins 
 
 Director 
 
 1/24/2023 

Kris A. Robbins 

/s/ Ram Shankar 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 1/24/2023 

Ram Shankar 

/s/ L. Joshua Sosland 
 
 Director 
 
 1/24/2023 

L. Joshua Sosland 

/s/ Leroy J. Williams 
 
 Director 
 
 1/24/2023 

Leroy J. Williams 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 umbf-ex311_9.htm
 EX-31.1

umbf-ex311_9.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 I, J. Mariner Kemper, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of UMB Financial Corporation; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2023 

/s/ J. Mariner Kemper 

J. Mariner Kemper 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 umbf-ex312_11.htm
 EX-31.2

umbf-ex312_11.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT 
 I, Ram Shankar, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of UMB Financial Corporation; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2023 

/s/ Ram Shankar 

Ram Shankar 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 umbf-ex321_7.htm
 EX-32.1

umbf-ex321_7.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of UMB Financial Corporation (the Company) for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, J. Mariner Kemper, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 23, 2023 

/s/ J. Mariner Kemper 

J. Mariner Kemper 

Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to UMB Financial Corporation and will be retained by UMB Financial Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 umbf-ex322_10.htm
 EX-32.2

umbf-ex322_10.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of UMB Financial Corporation (the Company) for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Ram Shankar, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 23, 2023 

/s/ Ram Shankar 

Ram Shankar 

Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to UMB Financial Corporation and will be retained by UMB Financial Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 umbf-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 umbf-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 umbf-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 umbf-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 umbf-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

