<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1865701_0001213900-23-024782.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3848918</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>253409</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>715767</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>978399</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>925398</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>876274</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024782.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330175524
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024782
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Keyarch Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001865701
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				981600074
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41243
		FILM NUMBER:		23782071

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		275 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		39TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		914-434-2030

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		275 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		39TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024782.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_keyarchacq.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from 
 to 

Commission
file number: 

KEYARCH
ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Cayman
 Islands 
 
 98-16000074 
 
 (State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification No.) 

275
 Madison Avenue, 39th Floor 
 New York, New York 
 
 10016 
 
 (Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 code) 

98-16000074 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, New York, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, one-half of one redeemable warrant and one right KYCHU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Warrants,
each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share KYCHW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Rights to receive one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share included as part of the units KYCHR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange
Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit such files). No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes No 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to
 240.10D-1(b) 

The aggregate market value of the outstanding shares of the registrant s
Class A ordinary shares, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the
closing price for the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market was . 

As of March 30, 2023, there were Class
A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant
issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART
 I 

1 
 
 Item 1. 
 
 Business. 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk
 Factors. 
 
 19 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 
 
 21 
 
 Item
 2. 
 
 Properties. 
 
 21 
 
 Item
 3. 
 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 
 
 21 
 
 Item
 4. 
 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures. 
 
 21 

PART
 II 

22 
 
 Item
 5. 
 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 7. 
 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 23 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 8. 
 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 9. 
 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 
 Controls
 and Procedures. 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 
 Other
 Information. 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 28 

PART
 III 

29 
 
 Item
 10. 
 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 29 
 
 Item
 11. 
 
 Executive
 Compensation. 
 
 34 
 
 Item
 12. 
 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 35 
 
 Item
 13. 
 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 36 
 
 Item
 14. 
 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 37 

PART
 IV 

38 
 
 Item
 15. 
 
 Exhibit
 and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 38 
 
 Item
 16. 
 
 Form
 10-K Summary. 
 
 38 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Report (as defined below), including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act (as defined below) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can
be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, 
 expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, 
 predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable
terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but
are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other
statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations,
but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our
ability to complete our initial business combination (as defined below); 

our
success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our
officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in
approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the
ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
pool of prospective target businesses; 

our
public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
lack of a market for our securities; 

the
use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance;
or 

our
financial performance. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or
more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material
respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are to the Company s (as defined below) amended and restated memorandum and articles of association adopted on January 12, 2022; 

ASC 
are to the FASB (as defined below) Accounting Standards Codification; 

board of directors, board or directors 
are to the board of directors of the Company; 

business
combination are to a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses; 

Business Combination Marketing Fee are to the cash fee
of approximately 4.0 million payable by the Company to EarlyBirdCapital (as defined below) in connection with its provision of business
combination marketing services; 

ii 

Class
A ordinary shares are to the Class A ordinary shares of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class
B ordinary shares are to the Class B ordinary shares of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Combination
Period are to the eighteen-month period, from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (as defined below) to July 27, 2023,
that the Company has to consummate an initial business combination; 

Company, 
 our Company, we, us, or our are to Keyarch Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman
Islands exempted company; 

Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company, trustee of our Trust Account and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined below); 

DWAC
System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

EarlyBirdCapital are to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., the representative
of the underwriters (as defined below) of the Initial Public Offering; 

EBC Founder Shares are to the 200,000 Class A ordinary
shares issued by the Company to EarlyBirdCapital and its designees (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not
be public shares (as defined below)); 

Exchange
Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

FASB 
are to the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 

FINRA 
are to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority; 

Founder
Shares are to the Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor (as defined below) in the private placement (as defined
below) and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of
our business combination as described herein (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary
shares will not be public shares ; 

GAAP 
are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

IFRS 
are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board; 

Initial
Public Offering are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on January 27, 2022; 

initial
shareholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our Initial Public Offering; 

Investment
Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

IPO
Closing Date are to the closing date of the Initial Public Offering, January 27, 2022; 

IPO Note are to the promissory note we issued to the sponsor of up to 150,000 on June 16, 2021 in connection with the expenses related to the Initial Public Offering; 

JOBS
Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

Keywise are to Keywise Capital Management (HK) Limited, an affiliate of our Company; 

Management 
or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

Nasdaq 
are to the Nasdaq Global Market; 

ordinary
shares are to the Class A ordinary shares and the Class B ordinary shares; 

Over-Allotment Option are to the additional 1,500,000 units we issued on February 8, 2022 in connection with the closing of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option; 

PCAOB 
are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ; 

private
placement are to the private placement of units (as defined below) that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our Initial
Public Offering; 

iii 

private
placement units are to the units issued to our sponsor in the private placement; 

private placement rights are to the right, sold as part
of the units in our private placement, to receive one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share upon the completion of a business combination; 

private placement warrants are to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our private placement (whether they were subscribed for in our Initial Public Offering or purchased in the open market); 

public
shares are to the Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our Initial Public Offering (whether they were purchased
in our Initial Public Offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public
right are to the right, sold as part of the units in our Initial Public Offering, to receive one-tenth of one Class A ordinary
share upon the completion of a business combination; 

public
shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial shareholders and management team to the extent our
initial shareholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial shareholder s and
member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

public
warrants are to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our Initial Public Offering (whether they were subscribed
for in our Initial Public Offering or purchased in the open market); 

Registration
Statement are to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC (as defined below) on December 3, 2021, as
amended, and declared effective on January 24, 2022 (File No. 333-261500); 

Report 
are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC 
are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities
Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

SPACs 
are to special purpose acquisition companies; 

sponsor 
are Keyarch Global Sponsor Limited, a Cayman Islands limited liability company; 

Trust
Account are to the U.S.-based trust account in which an amount of 116.2 million from the net proceeds of the sale of the units
in the Initial Public Offering and the private placement was placed following the closing of the Initial Public Offering; 

UHY 
are to UHY LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm; 

underwriters 
are to EarlyBirdCapital, Haitong International Securities (USA) Inc. and Revere Securities LLC; 

units 
are to the units sold in our Initial Public Offering, which consist of one public share, one half of one public warrant and one public
right; 

warrants 
are to the public warrants and the private placement warrants; and 

Working
Capital Loans are to funds that, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction
costs in connection with a business combination, the initial shareholders or an affiliate of the initial shareholders or certain of the
Company s directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company. 

iv 

PART
I 

Item 1.
Business . 

Introduction 

We are a blank check company
incorporated on April 23, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a business combination with
one or more businesses or entities. 

In July 2021, our sponsor
paid 25,000, or approximately 0.009 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 2,875,000 Class B ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001. The per share price of the Founder Shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to us by the number
of Founder Shares issued. We have also issued to EarlyBirdCapital and its designees an aggregate of 200,000 Class A ordinary shares, par
value 0.0001 = for nominal consideration. 

On the IPO Closing Date, we
consummated our Initial Public Offering of 10,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one public share, one half of one public warrant and
one public right. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one of our Class A ordinary shares at a price of 11.50 per
share, subject to adjustment, and only whole warrants are exercisable. Each public right entitles its holder to receive one-tenth of one
Class A ordinary share upon the completion of a business combination. On February 8, 2022, we issued an additional 1,500,000 units in
connection with the closing of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option. The units were sold at a price of
 10.00 per unit, generating aggregate gross proceeds to us from the Initial Public Offering and the Over-Allotment Option of approximately
 115.0 million. 

On the IPO Closing Date, we
completed the private sale of 500,000 private placement units (at a price of 10.00 per unit. Each private placement unit consists of
one Class A ordinary share, one-half of one private placement warrant and one private placement right. Each whole private placement warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase one of our Class A ordinary shares at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, and
only whole warrants are exercisable. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof)
may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our
business combination. Each private placement right entitles its holder to receive one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share upon the completion
of a business combination. Of the 500,000 private placement units sold, 450,000 were purchased by our sponsor and 50,000 were purchased
by EarlyBirdCapital. On February 8, 2022, we completed the private sale of an additional 45,000 private placement units in connection
with the closing of the Over-Allotment Option. Of these additional 45,000 private placement units, 40,500 were purchased by our sponsor
and 4,500 were purchased by EarlyBirdCapital. In total, the sales of private placement units in connection with our Initial Public Offering
and the Over-Allotment Option generated aggregate gross proceeds to us of 5.5 million. 

The warrants will become exercisable
30 days after the completion of our business combination; provided that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them
is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state
of residence of the holder (or we permit holders to exercise their public warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified
in the warrant agreements), and will expire five years after the completion of our business combination or earlier upon redemption or
liquidation. 

Approximately 116.2 million
of the net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering, the Over-Allotment Option and the private placement has been deposited in the Trust
Account established for the benefit of our public shareholders. The amount to be distributed to public shareholders who redeem their public
shares will not be reduced by the cash fee of approximately 4.0 million payable to EarlyBirdCapital (for services which include assisting
us in holding meetings with our shareholders to discuss the potential business combination and the target business attributes,
introducing us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing our securities in connection with our business combination and
assisting us with our press releases and public filings in connection with the business combination. We have also agreed to pay EarlyBirdCapital
a cash fee in an amount equal to 1.0 of the total consideration payable in the business combination if it introduces us to the target
business with whom we complete our business combination. Of the gross proceeds from our Initial Public Offering, the Over-Allotment Option
and the private placement that were not deposited in the Trust Account, approximately 2.3 million was used to pay underwriting discounts
and commissions in connection with our Initial Public Offering and the balance was reserved to pay accrued offering and formation costs,
business, legal and accounting due diligence expenses on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. 

1 

The
Founder Shares that we issued prior to the IPO Closing Date will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our
business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-division, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess
of the amounts sold in our Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of the business combination, the ratio at which the Founder
Shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding Founder Shares
agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon conversion of all issued and outstanding Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of
the total number of all ordinary shares outstanding upon the completion of our Initial Public Offering plus all Class A ordinary shares
and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked
securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination). 

On
March 1, 2022, we announced that, commencing on March 3, 2022, holders of the units sold in our Initial Public Offering and the Over-Allotment
Option may elect to separately trade the public shares, public warrants and public rights included in the units. The public shares, public
warrants and public rights that are separated trade on Nasdaq under the symbols KYCH, KYCHW and KYCHR 
respectively. Those units not separated will continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol KYCHU. 

Our
Company 

Keyarch Acquisition Corporation
is a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on April 23, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a business combination
with one or more businesses or entities. We have not selected any specific business combination target, and we have not, nor has anyone
on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to a
business combination with us. 

While we may pursue a business
combination target in any business or industry, we have targeted and expect to continue to target global disruptive technology and innovative
services companies. Innovation has been a major driving force in the global economy. In areas such as artificial intelligence, autonomous
driving and advanced manufacturing, innovative technology and services companies are changing the competitive space of existing industries
and creating new industries at a record pace. For example, Level 4 autonomous driving is expected to become a reality in the next few
years as a result of innovations such as remote sensing methods like Lidar (light detection and radar) and other AI technologies; and
3D printing technologies are transforming traditional manufacturing from mass production to mass customization. Innovative companies such
as Tesla and Luminar have been growing significantly faster than companies in traditional industries, rewarding investors who have recognized
the vision and conviction of such companies. Looking ahead, we expect disruptive technology and innovative services businesses to play
even bigger roles in driving the global economy. Investors who have the expertise to find and evaluate such opportunities will continue
to benefit from the trend. 

While we may target disruptive
technology and innovative services companies anywhere in the world, we are focused on companies in developed economies such as the U.S.
and Israel, and Southeast Asia. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we shall not undertake
our business combination with any entity that is based in, located in or with its principal business operations in China (including Hong
Kong and Macau). Developed economies such as the U.S. have been dominating in disruptive technology and services business innovations.
Major breakthroughs in last several decades such as the internet, semiconductors, e-commerce, autonomous driving, electric cars, artificial
intelligence and 3D printing all originated in the U.S. In addition to access to mature capital markets to fund innovations, developed
countries such as the U.S. enjoy a vast talent pool and a long-established culture of entrepreneurships. They also have one of the largest
markets to reward innovations once such innovations achieve commercial production. Going forward, we believe that countries such as the
U.S. will continue to lead innovations and provide great opportunities for investors to take advantage of the trend. 

2 

Southeast
Asia is another region we intend to target for acquisition opportunities. Driven by factors such as a stable political environment, attractive
demographics and solid talent pool, Southeast Asian countries have seen accelerating growth in innovative technology and services. For
example, companies such as Sea Limited, which is based in Singapore, and engages in the digital entertainment, e-commerce, and digital
financial service businesses in Southeast Asia, Latin America, and internationally, have established themselves as regional and potentially
global leaders in their specific industries. They have shown strong innovative capabilities on the same level as companies based in the
U.S. and China. 

We
are confident that the expertise and capabilities of our management team will enable us to identify companies that can best capture such
opportunities and create long-term value for our shareholders. Our team has successfully invested in disruptive technologies and innovative
services companies in developed economies such as the U.S. and Israel. We believe our sourcing and industry expertise will continue to
enable us to find significant business combination opportunities that will deliver substantial value to shareholders in the public markets. 

Our
Team 

Several
members of our management team are affiliated with Keywise, including our chairman, who is the Founder, Managing Partner, and the Chief
Investment Officer of Keywise, and our CEO, who is a Managing Partner and has been with Keywise for more than 10 years. We intend to
utilize Keywise s experience and expertise to help us identify quality target opportunities. 

Keywise
is a leading alternative investment management firm with offices in Hong Kong, Beijing, and Shanghai. Keywise has been managing investments
for global prominent financial institutions such as sovereign wealth funds, pensions, endowments and family offices for over 15 years.
Keywise is fully licensed in Hong Kong and mainland China for investment management and is also a registered investment adviser with
the SEC. Keywise employs a bottom-up fundamental approach to investments, generating investment ideas through top-down sector screening,
extensive industry contacts and proprietary in-house research. This investment process includes on-site visits of targeted companies,
channel check with suppliers and clients, verification with competitors and industry experts, extensive due diligence on management teams,
and valuation using our internal proprietary models. Since inception, Keywise has established a strong track record in both public and
private market investments. Leveraging its reputation and an experienced investment team, Keywise has invested in a number of private
companies with disruptive technology and innovative services both in China and globally including Luminar a leading
LiDAR company in Silicon Valley; Carbon 3D a leading 3D printing technology company in Silicon Valley; Zoox a
pioneer autonomous driving company in Silicon Valley; and Xjet a leading 3D printing company in Israel. 

Our
management team is led by Mr. Fang Zheng, who is based in Hong Kong, Dr. Kai Xiong, who is based in Hong Kong and the U.S. and Dr. Jing
Lu, who is based in the U.S. They have decades of experience in investing in and building companies. Our independent directors, Mr. Mark
Taborsky and Mr. Doug Rothschild, who are based in the U.S. and Dr. Mei Han, who is based in Singapore, will also provide additional
insights into our target sectors and extensive experience in investing in the U.S., Southeast Asia and globally. 

We
believe that our management team s significant investment and transaction experience, combined with their strong relationships,
give us key competitive strengths in the following areas: 

Deep
industry insights: investment expertise to understand technology trends and evaluate market potential of disruptive innovations in sectors
we intend to focus on. 

Strong
sourcing capabilities: broad network and relationships providing access to acquisition opportunities globally. 

Established
research process: research methodology developed across multiple cycles and to generate returns consistently. 

Long-term
value creation: strong track record in collaborating with target management teams, forming strategic partnerships to enhance value for
shareholders. 

Execution
and structuring capabilities: experience in both public and private markets in structuring and executing complicated deals with key stakeholders
and service providers. 

We
believe that our team will add significant value to target companies. They have a strong track record in helping companies grow, and
we believe this will give us a competitive edge when negotiating and structuring fair terms in a transaction with a target business.
We intend to add value to target companies through engagement in multiple areas: 

Strategic
 advice: leverage our deep industry insights, broad industry and transaction expertise and extensive network to provide strategic
 advice for the target s organic growth and acquisitions. 

Talent
 enhancement: identify and recruit management talent to support the target s long-term success. 

Geographic
 expansion: leverage our global network and relationships to help the target to expand beyond their initial and home markets. 

Partnership
 expansion: leverage our industry know-how and broad reach to help create new strategic partnerships and collaborations. 

Enabling
 capital market access: help optimize capital structure and secure funding from reputable investors and lenders for the target. 

3 

Permission
Required from the Chinese Authorities to Operate and for a Business Combination 

As
a Cayman Islands company with no operations or subsidiaries in China and expected to conduct a target search outside of China, we are
not required to obtain permission from any Chinese authorities to operate nor have we been contacted by any Chinese authorities in connection
with our operations, and we do not expect that permission will be required from the Chinese authorities in the future in connection our
business combination since our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association forbids us from undertaking our business combination
with any entity that is based in, located in or with its principal business operations in China. 

Initial
Business Combination 

We have until 18 months from
the IPO Closing Date, or such later time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with our articles of association, to consummate
our business combination. If we are unable to consummate our business combination within the Combination Period, we will, as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than five business days thereafter, redeem the public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held
in the Trust Account and as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such event, the warrants will be worthless. 

Nasdaq
rules provide that our business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to
at least 80 of the balance in the Trust Account (less any taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of our signing a definitive
agreement in connection with our business combination. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the
target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that
commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets
of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses
that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 fair market value test. If the business combination involves
more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. If
our securities are not listed on Nasdaq, we would not be required to satisfy the 80 requirement. However, we intend to satisfy the 80 
requirement even if our securities are not listed on Nasdaq at the time of our business combination. 

We
anticipate structuring our business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will
own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our business combination
such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to
meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior
to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed
to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities of a target. In this case,
we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. 

However,
as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our business combination could
own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our business combination. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing a business combination with a company that is affiliated with our initial shareholders, officers or
directors. In the event we seek to complete our business combination with a company that is affiliated with our initial shareholders,
officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions that our business combination is fair to our company (or shareholders)
from a financial point of view. 

4 

Members
of our management team and our independent directors and their affiliates directly or indirectly own ordinary shares and private placement
units, and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business
with which to effectuate our business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect
to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a
target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our business combination. Additionally, each of our officers and directors
presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity, including other
blank check companies similar to our company, pursuant to which such officer or director may be required to present a business combination
opportunity to such entity. Specifically, certain of our executive officers are affiliated with our sponsor and other entities that make,
or are looking to make, investments in companies. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination
opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or
her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if
such entity rejects the opportunity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our executive
officers will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. For additional information regarding our executive
officers and directors business affiliations and potential conflicts of interest, see Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, subject to fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law,
we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered
to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually
permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

The
past performance of our management team or of their affiliates is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable
candidate for our business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not
rely on the historical record of our management team s or their affiliates performance as indicative of our future performance. 

Some
of our executive officers and directors may be located in or have significant ties to China. As a result, it may be difficult for investors
to effect service of process within the United States on our company, executive officers and directors, or enforce judgments obtained
in the United States courts against our company, executive officers and directors. 

Status
as a Public Company 

We
believe that our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company,
we offer a target business an alternative to a traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In
this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business
for our ordinary shares or for a combination of our ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration used in the transaction
to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe that target businesses might find this avenue a more certain and cost-effective method
to becoming a public company than a typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses
incurred in marketing, roadshow and public reporting efforts that will likely not be present to the same extent in connection with a
business combination with us. Furthermore, once the business combination is consummated, the target business will have effectively become
a public company, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as
well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then
have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests
than it would have as a privately-held company. Public company status can offer further benefits by enhancing a company s profile
among potential new customers and vendors and attracting talented employees. While we believe that our status as a public company will
make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view the inherent limitations in our status as a blank check
company as a deterrent and may prefer to effect a business combination with a more established entity or with a private company. These
limitations include constraints on our available financial resources, which may be inferior to those of other entities pursuing the acquisition
of similar target businesses; the requirement that we seek shareholder approval of a business combination or conduct a tender offer in
relation thereto, which may delay the consummation of a transaction; and the existence of our outstanding warrants, which may represent
a source of future dilution. 

5 

Effecting
a Business Combination 

General 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any substantive commercial business for an indefinite period of time. We intend
to utilize cash derived from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the private placement of private placement units, our equity,
debt or a combination of these in effecting a business combination which has not yet been identified. Accordingly, our shareholders are
investing without first having an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any one or more business combinations. A business
combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital but which desires
to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding what it may deem to be adverse consequences of undertaking a public
offering itself. These include time delays, significant expense, loss of voting control and compliance with various federal and state
securities laws. In the alternative, we may seek to consummate a business combination with a company that may be financially unstable
or in its early stages of development or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations with more than one target
business, we will probably have the ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single business combination. 

We
Have Not Identified a Target Business 

To
date, we have not selected any target business on which to concentrate our search for a business combination. Our management has
evaluated several prospective targets and has been conducting substantive discussions with a prospective target regarding the
possibility of a potential business combination with us. However, no definitive agreement has been reached with any prospective
target as of the date of this Report. Additionally, we have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or
locate such companies. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be able to locate a target business or that we will be able to
engage in a business combination with a target business on favorable terms or at all. 

Subject
to our management team s pre-existing fiduciary obligations and the fair market value requirement described below, we have virtually
unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective acquisition candidate. We have not established any specific attributes
or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses other than that we may target disruptive technology and innovative
services companies anywhere in the world and that we intend to focus on companies in developed economies such as the U.S. and Israel,
and Southeast Asia. Accordingly, there is no basis for our investors to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business
with which we may ultimately complete a business combination. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in
a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

Sources
of Target Business 

While
we have not yet selected a target business with which to consummate our business combination, we believe based on our management s
business knowledge and past experience that there are numerous potential candidates. We expect that our principal means of identifying
potential target businesses will be through the extensive contacts and relationships of our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers and
directors. While our officers and directors are not required to commit any specific amount of time in identifying or performing due diligence
on potential target businesses, our officers and directors believe that the relationships they have developed over their careers and
their access to our sponsor s contacts and resources will generate a number of potential business combination opportunities that
will warrant further investigation. We also anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various
unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout
funds and other members of the financial community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as
a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses they think we may
be interested in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this Annual Report and know what types of businesses
we are targeting. 

6 

Our officers and directors
must present to us all target business opportunities that have a fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account
(excluding taxes payable on the income accrued in the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the business combination,
subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional
firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis (other than EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. as described
elsewhere in this Report), we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee,
consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. In no
event, however, will our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or their respective affiliates be paid any finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business
combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) other than the up to 10,000 monthly administrative services fee paid by
us to the sponsor, the 5,000 per month paid by the sponsor to Jing Lu, our Chief Financial Officer, for administrative services she performs
for us and for the sponsor, the payment of consulting, success or finder fees to our sponsor, officers, directors, initial shareholders
or their affiliates in connection with the consummation of our business combination, the repayment of the IPO Note and reimbursement of
any out-of-pocket expenses. Our audit committee reviews and approves all reimbursements and payments made to our sponsor, officers, directors
or our or their respective affiliates, with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. We have no present intention
to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or sponsor. However,
we are not restricted from entering into any such transactions and may do so if (i) such transaction is approved by a majority of our
disinterested independent directors and (ii) we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated shareholders from a financial
point of view. 

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business Combination 

Subject
to our management team s pre-existing fiduciary obligations and the limitations that a target business have a fair market value
of at least 80 of the balance in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of
the execution of a definitive agreement for our business combination, as described below in more detail, and that we must acquire a controlling
interest in the target business, our management has virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target
business. We have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses other
than that we may target disruptive technology and innovative services companies anywhere in the world and we intend to focus on companies
in developed economies such as the U.S. and Israel, and Southeast Asia. In evaluating a prospective target business, our management may
consider a variety of factors, including one or more of the following: 

financial
condition and results of operation; 

growth
potential; 

brand
recognition and potential; 

experience
and skill of management and availability of additional personnel; 

capital
requirements; 

competitive
position; 

barriers
to entry; 

stage
of development of the products, processes or services; 

existing
distribution and potential for expansion; 

degree
of current or potential market acceptance of the products, processes or services; 

proprietary
aspects of products and the extent of intellectual property or other protection for products or formulas; 

impact
of regulation on the business; 

regulatory
environment of the industry; 

the
target business s compliance with U.S. federal law; 

7 

costs
associated with effecting the business combination; 

industry
leadership, sustainability of market share and attractiveness of market industries in which a target business participates; and 

macro
competitive dynamics in the industry within which the company competes. 

These criteria are not intended
to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination will be based, to the extent relevant, on
the above factors as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business combination consistent with
our business objective. In evaluating a prospective target business, we conduct an extensive due diligence review which encompasses, among
other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other information that
are made available to us. This due diligence review is conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage,
although we have no current intention to engage any such third parties. 

The
time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently
be ascertained with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available
to otherwise complete a business combination. 

Fair
Market Value of Target Business 

Nasdaq
listing rules require that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least
80 of the balance of the funds in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time
of the execution of a definitive agreement for our business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed on
Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 fair market value test. 

We
currently anticipate structuring a business combination to acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses.
We may, however, structure our business combination where we merge directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100 
of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders
or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to
be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority
interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding
capital stock, shares, or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target;
however, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our business combination
could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our business combination. If less than 100 of the
equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such
business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of Trust Account balance test. 

The
fair market value of the target will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the
financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). The proxy solicitation materials or
tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public shareholders with our analysis of the
fair market value of the target business, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board is not able to independently determine
that the target business has a sufficient fair market value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking
firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. 

8 

We
will not be required to obtain an opinion from an investment banking firm as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently
determines that the target business complies with the 80 threshold. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any business combination
must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

We
may seek to effect a business combination with more than one target business, although we expect to complete our business combination
with just one business. Therefore, at least initially, the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance
of a single business operation. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities
operating in multiple industries or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify
our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business combination with only
a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject
us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the
particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination; and 

result
in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited
number of products, processes or services. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of
such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may
make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also
face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations
(if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or
products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target Business Management 

Although
we intend to scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business combination,
we cannot assure you that our assessment of the target business management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure
you that the future management will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the
future role of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business following a business combination cannot presently be stated
with any certainty. While it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions
with us following a business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a
business combination. Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination if
they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take
place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form
of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination.
While the personal and financial interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target
business, their ability to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination will not be the determining factor
in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, we cannot assure you that
our officers and directors will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

Following
a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We
cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will
have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

9 

Shareholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or
stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. 

Under
the Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our business combination if, for example: 

We
 issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding (other than
 in a public offering); 

Any
 of our directors, officers or 5 or greater shareholder has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or
 greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target company or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential
 issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more;
 or 

The
 issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

The
decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval
is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety
of factors, including, but not limited to: 

the
 timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either
 not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in
 other additional burdens on the company; 

the
 expected cost of holding a shareholder vote; 

the
 risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; 

other
 time and budget constraints of the company; and 

additional
 legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. 

Permitted
Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination
pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants
in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our business combination. Additionally,
at any time at or prior to our business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic
information), our sponsor, directors, executive officers, or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to
provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our business combination or not redeem their
public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated
any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants
in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession
of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange
Act. 

In
the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public
shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our business combination,
such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our
business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender
offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however,
if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required
to comply with such rules. 

10 

The
purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining
shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any
matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition
in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business
combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the
completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced
and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation,
listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers,
directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our
receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer
or proxy materials in connection with our business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, or their affiliates
enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed
their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against our business combination, whether or
not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our business combination but only if such shares have not already
been voted at the general meeting related to our business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, or their affiliates
will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that
they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange
Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate
Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section
13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption
Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our
public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our
business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the business combination, including interest and other income earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of
then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022
was 10.25 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be
reduced by the cash fee payable to EarlyBirdCapital for services performed in connection with the business combination. The
redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares.
There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our business combination with respect to our warrants. Our sponsor and
each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their
redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our
business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association (A) that would affect our public shareholders ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a
business combination as described herein or that would modify our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
complete our business combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of
holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-business combination activity. 

11 

Limitations
on Redemptions 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However,
the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred
to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance
with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all
Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the
terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination
or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means
of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender
offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and
whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement
or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval
under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our
company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek
to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend
to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons.
So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with the Nasdaq rules. 

If
we held a shareholder vote to approve our business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association: 

conduct
the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation
of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file
proxy materials with the SEC. 

In
the event that we seek shareholder approval of our business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith,
provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the business combination. 

If we seek shareholder approval,
we will complete our business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires
the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor
and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and public shares in favor of our business combination.
As a result, in addition to our initial purchaser s Founder Shares, we would need 3,940,001, or approximately 34.3 (assuming all
issued and outstanding shares are voted) of the 11,500,000 public shares to be voted in favor of a business combination in order to have
our business combination approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for
or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into
an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and public
shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect our public shareholders ability to convert
or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or that would modify our obligation to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our business combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other
provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-business combination activity. 

12 

If
we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association: 

conduct
the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file
tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other
information about the business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates
the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon
the public announcement of our business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our
sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open
market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our business combination until
the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more
than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase,
we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such business combination. 

Limitation
on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval 

If we seek shareholder approval
of our business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate
of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the public
shares( Excess Shares ), without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating
large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed
business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market
price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the public shares
could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management
at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no
more than 15 of the public shares without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to
unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination
with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. 

However,
we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our
business combination. 

Tendering
Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

Public
shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, 
will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation
or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using
DWAC System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the
business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public
shares in connection with our business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement
that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from
the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially
scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares
if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it
is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

13 

There is a nominal cost associated
with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer
agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass
this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise
redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the
timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with
their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on a business
combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such
holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such
shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an
 option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s
shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before
actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were
aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the
business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior
to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote
on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us or as otherwise provided in the proxy statement.
Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently
decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return
the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing
to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our business combination. 

If
our business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption
rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case, we will promptly
return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed business
combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until the end of the Combination
Period. 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association provides that we have only until the end of the Combination Period to consummate a business combination. If
we have not consummated a business combination within the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a
per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest and other income
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of
interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors,
liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire
worthless if we fail to consummate a business combination within the Combination Period. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our business combination, we will follow
the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the Trust Account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten
business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

14 

Our sponsor and each member
of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if we fail to consummate a business combination within
the Combination Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public
shares they hold if we fail to complete our business combination within the prescribed time frame). 

Our sponsor, executive officers
and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class
A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our business combination or to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our business combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating
to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may
not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then
become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an
excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment
or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such
amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer, director or any other person. 

We expect that all costs and
expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining
out of the 115,171 held outside the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022, plus up to 100,000 of funds from the Trust Account available
to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. 

If we were to expend all of
the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the private placement, other than the proceeds deposited in the Trust Account, and
without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the Trust Account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon
our dissolution would be 10.25. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors
which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption
amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.25. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we
will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

15 

Although we will seek to have
all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other
entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies
held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or
even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account including, but not limited,
to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the
Trust Account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management
will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed
a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.
An example of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver includes the engagement of a third-party
consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants
that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In
addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. In order
to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims
by a third-party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective
target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the
lesser of (i) 10.25 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation
of the Trust Account if less than 10.25 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the
interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party
or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any
claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be
responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification
obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe
that our sponsor s only assets are securities of the company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to
satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation,
claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds
in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.25 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the
Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.25 per public share due to reductions in the value
of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts
that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim,
our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations.
While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any
particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price
will not be less than 10.25 per public share. 

16 

We will seek to reduce the
possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service
providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we
do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account.
Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to up to 115,171 as of December 31, 2022with which to pay
any such potential claims. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities
is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our Trust Account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability
will not be greater than the amount of funds from our Trust Account received by any such shareholder. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with
priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the Trust Account, we cannot assure
you we will be able to return 10.25 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an
involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and
our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our public shareholders will
be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete
our business combination within the Combination Period, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares
the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
complete our business combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders
of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-business combination activity., or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the
completion of the business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder
vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion
of a business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated a business combination within the Combination Period, with respect
to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. However, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net
tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules).
In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. In the event we seek shareholder
approval in connection with our business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will
not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. Such shareholder
must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder
vote. 

17 

Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association contain certain requirements and restrictions that apply to us until the completion of our business combination.
Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains a provision which provides that, if we seek to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would affect our public shareholders ability to convert or sell their
shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our business combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other
provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares in connection with any such amendment. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association provides, among other things, that: 

prior to the completion of our business combination, we shall either (1) seek shareholder approval of our business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public shareholders may elect to redeem their public shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our business combination by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote), in each in cash, for an amount payable in cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the completion of our business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein and provided that we shall not repurchase public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of such business combination. Such obligation to repurchase public shares is subject to the completion of the proposed business combination to which it relates; 

we will consummate our business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon completion of our business combination and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company; 

if our business combination is not consummated within the Combination Period, then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the Trust Account; and 

prior to our business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive funds from the Trust Account or (2) vote as a class with our public shares on any business combination. 

These provisions cannot be
amended without the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection
with our business combination, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we may consummate our business
combination only if approved by a majority of the ordinary shares voted by our shareholders at a duly held general meeting. 

Additionally, our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, prior to our business combination, only holders of our Founder Shares
will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and that holders of a majority of our Founder Shares may remove a member of
the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be
amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. With respect to any other matter
submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our business combination, except as required by law, holders
of our Founder Shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one
vote. 

Website 

We do not have a website.
Our public filings, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K, our
proxy statements and reports filed by our executive officers and directors under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, and any
amendments to those filings, are available free of charge on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . 

18 

Item 1A. Risk Factors . 

As
a smaller reporting company under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However,
below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we
are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we
may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed
time frame; 

our
expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; 

we
may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our
officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have
conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we
may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of shareholders requesting
redemption; 

we
 may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing
 market price of our shares at that time; 

you
may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

Trust
Account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

an
active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the
availability to us of funds from interest income on the Trust Account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to the
business combination; 

19 

our
financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record
of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

there
may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated with
completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target; 

changes
in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and
complete an initial business combination; 

we
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability; 

we
may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the Initial
Public Offering, which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent
in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will
be released from the Trust Account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them
to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the Initial Public Offering, including,
for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

we
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may
result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

our warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities and are recorded
at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market
price of our ordinary shares or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

since
our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with
respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after the Initial Public Offering), and because our sponsor, officers and directors
may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public shareholders would experience losses in connection with their investment,
a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business
combination; 

changes
in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations,
may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations; 

the value of the founder shares following completion of our initial
business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our ordinary
shares at such time is substantially less than 10.25 per share; 

resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not
completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have
not completed our initial business combination within the Combination Period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.25
per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless; 

in
 March 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential
 business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the
 time needed to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete an initial
 business combination. The need for compliance with such proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the Trust Account or liquidate
 the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose; 

20 

if
 we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome
 compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to
 modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business
 combination and instead liquidate the Company; 

to
mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company
for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we expect that we will, on or prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of our
Registration Statement, instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the
funds in the Trust Account in an interest bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business
combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the Trust Account, we would likely
receive less interest on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would likely reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would
receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company; 

we
may not be able to complete an initial business combination with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the
target company may be subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations,
including the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. Fang Zhang, our Chairman and a member of our sponsor, and Kai Xiong,
our Chief Executive Officer and director and a member of our sponsor, each holds a Hong Kong special administrative region passport and
resides in Hong Kong; 

recent
 increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an
 initial business combination; 

military
 conflict in Ukraine or elsewhere may lead to increased price volatility for publicly traded securities, which could make it more
 difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination; and 

there
 is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Adverse developments affecting the financial
services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions, could adversely
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or our prospects. 

The funds in our operating
account and our trust account are held in banks or other financial institutions. Our cash held in non-interest bearing and interest-bearing
accounts would exceed any applicable Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. Should events, including
limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments occur with respect to the banks or other financial institutions
that hold our funds, or that affect financial institutions or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any
events of these kinds or other similar risks, our liquidity may be adversely affected. For example, on March 10, 2023, the FDIC announced
that Silicon Valley Bank had been closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation. Although we did not have
any funds in Silicon Valley Bank or other institutions that have been closed, we cannot guarantee that the banks or other financial institutions
that hold our funds will not experience similar issues. 

In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international
financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial
and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to
acquire financing on terms favorable to us in connection with a potential business combination, or at all, and could have material adverse
impacts on our liquidity, our business, financial condition or results of operations, and our prospects. Our business may be adversely
impacted by these developments in ways that we cannot predict at this time, there may be additional risks that we have not yet identified,
and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to avoid negative consequences directly or indirectly from any failure of one or more banks
or other financial institutions. 

For
the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our Registration
Statement, (ii) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on March
30, 2022, and (iii) Quarterly Report on form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on August 11, 2022 .
Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional
risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial business combination. We may disclose changes
to such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments . 

Not
applicable. 

Item 2.
Properties . 

Our executive offices are located
at 275 Madison Avenue, 39th floor New York, New York 10016. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee
we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current
operations. 

Item 3.
Legal Proceedings . 

To the knowledge of our management
team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such
or against any of our property. 

Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures . 

Not
applicable. 

21 

PART
II 

Item 5.
Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 

(a) Market Information 

Our
units began trading on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol KYCHU on January 25, 2022. Commencing on March 3, 2022,
holders of the units could elect to separately trade the public shares, public warrants and public rights comprising the units. The public
shares, public warrants and public rights that are separated trade on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols KYCH, 
 KYCHW and KYCHR respectively. Those units not separated continue to trade on The Nasdaq Global Market under
the symbol KYCHU. 

(b) Holders 

At March 23, 2022, there were
four holders of record of our units, two holders of record of our Class A ordinary shares, four holders of record of our Class B ordinary
shares, one holder of record of our public warrants and two holders of record of our private placement units. 

(c) Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our
initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends
subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our
board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further,
if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by
restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

(f) Use of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

For a description of the use
of proceeds generated in our Initial Public Offering and private placement, see Part II, Item 5 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on March 30, 2022. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds
from our Initial Public Offering and private placement as described in the Registration Statement. Our specific investments in our Trust
Account may change from time to time. 

(g)
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] . 

22 

Item 7.
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All statements other than
statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements under this section regarding our
financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking statements.
When used in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, 
 intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management.
Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed
in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf
are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes
thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting a business combination with one or more businesses.
Our efforts to identify a prospective target business are not be limited to a particular industry or geographic location. However, our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of incorporation provides that we shall not undertake our initial business combination with
any entity that is based in, located in or with its principal business operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). We intend
to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private
units, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

Our sponsor is Keyarch Global
Sponsor Limited, a Cayman Islands limited liability company. We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of
the risks associated with emerging growth companies. 

If we are unable to complete
a business combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including income earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and
not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from April 23, 2021 (date of inception) to December 31, 2022 were
organizational activities and those necessary to consummate the Initial Public Offering, described below. Following our Initial Public
Offering , we do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business combination. We expect to generate
non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and marketable securities held after the Initial Public Offering. We expect
to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance),
as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had a net profit of 843,672, which consists of loss of 860,419 derived from general and administrative expenses offset
by income earned on investment held in Trust Account of 1,701,869 and bank interest income of 2,222. 

For the period from April
23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 11,632, which consists of loss of 11,632 derived from general and
administrative expenses. 

23 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On January 27, 2022, we consummated
our Initial Public Offering of 10,000,000 units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 100,000,000. Simultaneously with the
closing of our Initial Public Offering , we consummated the sale of 500,000 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per private placement
unit in the private placement to the sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, generating total gross proceeds of 5,000,000. 

On February 8, 2022, the underwriters
in our Initial Public Offering purchased an additional 1,500,000 units to exercise its over-allotment option in full at a purchase price
of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 15,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Over-Allotment Option, we completed
the private sale of an aggregate of 45,000 private placement units to the sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, at a purchase price of 10.00
per private placement unit, generating gross proceeds of 450,000. Offering costs amounted to 3,471,734 consisting of 2,300,000 of underwriting
discount and 1,171,734 of other offering costs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we received discounts amounting to 131,420
on outstanding offering costs included within accounts payable and accrued expenses. This has been treated as a reversal of offering costs
adjusted through additional paid-in capital considering the related offering costs charged against additional paid-in capital at the time
of Initial Public Offering. 

Following the closing of our
Initial Public Offering and the sale of over-allotment units, an aggregate of 116,150,000 10.00 per unit) from the net proceeds and
the private placement was held in the Trust Account. 

In order to fund working capital
deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of
our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us Working Capital Loans as may be required.
Any such Working Capital Loans would be on an interest-free basis and would be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust Account or
from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible
into units at a price of 10.00 per unit, at the option of the lender. These units would be identical to the private units issued to our
sponsor. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third
parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 117,851,869 consisting of securities held in a treasury trust fund that invests
in United States government treasury bills, bonds or notes with a maturity of 180 days or less. Income earned on the balance in the Trust
Account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2022, we did not withdraw any income earned on the Trust Account to pay our
taxes. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, to acquire a target business and to pay our expenses
relating thereto. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect a business combination,
the remaining funds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working
capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business operations, for strategic
acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating
expenses or finders fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our business combination if the funds available to us
outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. 

As of December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021, the Company had cash of 115,171 and 9,168, respectively and working capital/(deficit) of 116,657 and 918,810),
respectively. The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering had been satisfied through
proceeds from notes payable and advances from related party and from the issuance of our ordinary shares. Subsequent to the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering, we expect that we will need additional capital to satisfy our liquidity needs beyond the net proceeds
from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the proceeds held outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable,
identifying and evaluating prospective business combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying
for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the initial
business combination. Although certain of the our initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates have committed to loan
the us funds from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, there is no guarantee
that we will receive such funds. 

24 

Accordingly, the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report have been prepared in conformity with GAAP, which contemplates continuation
of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
The financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing
and acquisition plans. Management plans to address this uncertainty during period leading up to the initial business combination. We cannot
provide any assurance that its plans to raise capital or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. Based on the
foregoing, management believes that we will not have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through the earlier
of the consummation of the initial business combination or one year from this filing. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which
would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any
non-financial assets. 

Related
Party Transactions 

Founder Shares 

On June 27, 2021, our
sponsor paid 25,000, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for 2,875,000 of the Company s Class B ordinary shares,
par value 0.0001. Up to 375,000 Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture by the sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters 
over-allotment option was exercised. On February 8, 2022, the underwriter exercised its over-allotment option in full, hence, the
375,000 Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture since then. On March 18, 2022, the sponsor transferred 25,000 Founder Shares
to each of our three independent directors. 

Private Placement Units 

On January 27, 2022, our sponsor
and EarlyBirdCapital purchased an aggregate of 500,000 private units (including 450,000 private units purchased by our sponsor and 50,000
private units purchased by EarlyBirdCapital) at a price of 10.00 per unit, for a purchase price of 5,000,000 in the aggregate. 

On February 8, 2022, our sponsor
and EarlyBirdCapital purchased an aggregate of 45,000 private units (including 40,500 private units purchased by our sponsor and 4,500
private units purchased by EarlyBirdCapital) at a price of 10.00 per unit, for a purchase price of 450,000 in the aggregate. Each unit
consists of one Class A ordinary share, one-half of one redeemable warrant and one right. Each whole private warrant entitles the holder
to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. Ten rights will entitle the holder to one Class A ordinary share
at the closing of the business combination. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

We entered into an agreement
that provides, commencing on the effective date of the registration statement for the Initial Public Offering and through the earlier
of consummation of the initial business combination or our liquidation, we agree to pay the sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for administrative
and support services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred 110,000 for administrative and support services. 

Other Contractual Obligations 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the Founder
Shares and any underlying Class A ordinary shares, EBC Founder Shares, private placement units (and their component parts and securities
underlying those component parts) and any units that may be issued on conversion of Working Capital Loans (and their component parts and
securities underlying those component parts) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed upon
the consummation of our Initial Public Offering requiring us to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities will
be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, EarlyBirdCapital may only make a demand on one occasion and only during the 5-year period beginning on the effective
date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and
rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act; provided, however, that EarlyBirdCapital
may participate in a piggy-back registration only during the 7-year period beginning on the effective date of the Registration
Statement. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

25 

Underwriting
Agreement 

We granted the underwriters
a 45-day option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 1,500,000 additional units to cover over-allotments, if any,
at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters exercised the over-allotment option
in full on February 8, 2022. 

EarlyBirdCapital were entitled
to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per unit, or 2 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Additionally,
we have engaged EarlyBirdCapital as an advisor in connection with our business combination to assist us in holding meetings with our shareholders
to discuss the potential business combination and the target business attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are
interested in purchasing our securities in connection with our initial business combination and assist us with our press releases and
public filings in connection with the business combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital the Business Combination Marketing Fee, a cash
fee for such services upon the consummation of our initial business combination in an amount equal to 3.5 of the gross proceeds of our
Initial Public Offering. In addition, we may engage EarlyBirdCapital as an advisor in connection with introducing a target business to
us. If we engage EarlyBirdCapital and it introduces us to the target business with whom we complete our initial business combination,
EarlyBirdCapital will receive a cash fee equal to 1 of the total consideration payable in the initial business combination. 

Deferred Legal Fee 

On April 1, 2022, we entered
into letter agreement with Ellenoff Grossman Schole LLP EGS as legal counsel in connection with our efforts to identify,
evaluate, negotiate, finance and consummate an initial business combination with an operating company or business to be determined by
the Company. According to the engagement, we are billed on a monthly basis, with fifty percent (50 of all fees being due on a rolling
basis, up to a total of 350,000, and the balance of all fees being due upon consummation of a business combination. As of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, we had 10,092 and 0, respectively as deferred legal fee. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of the financial
statements contained elsewhere in this Report related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, and income and expenses during the period reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified
the following critical accounting policies: 

Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 
Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable
ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to
redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) is classified as temporary equity. At
all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our ordinary shares features certain redemption rights
that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption is presented at redemption of 10.25 per share (plus any income earned on investment held in Trust Account) as
temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of our balance sheet. We recognize changes in redemption value immediately
as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting
period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid in
capital or accumulated deficit if additional paid in capital equals to zero. 

26 

Net
Income (Loss) per Share 

We comply with accounting
and disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. The statements of operations in the financial statements
contained elsewhere in this Report include a presentation of income (loss) per redeemable share and income (loss) per non-redeemable share
following the two-class method of income (loss) per share. In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the redeemable
shares and non-redeemable shares, we first considered the undistributed income (loss) allocable to both the redeemable shares and non-redeemable
shares and the undistributed income (loss) is calculated using the total net loss less any dividends paid. We then allocated the undistributed
income (loss) ratably based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding between the redeemable and non-redeemable shares. Any
remeasurement of the accretion to redemption value of the ordinary shares subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends
paid to the public shareholders. 

Offering Costs 

Offering costs consist of
underwriting, legal, accounting, registration and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to
the IPO. The Company complies with the requirements of ASC Topic 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A, Expenses
of Offering. Offering costs are allocated between the public shares, public warrants and public rights based on the estimated fair
values of public shares, public warrants and public rights at the date of issuance. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial
statements. 

Factors That May Adversely Affect our Results
of Operations 

Our results of operations
and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty
and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things,
downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply
chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and
the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully predict
the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business
and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this Item. 

Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 

Reference
is made to pages F-1 through F-18 comprising a portion of this Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure . 

None. 

27 

Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures . 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act.
Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of
the period covered by this Report. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and
those criteria, management determined that we did maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

This
Report does not include an attestation report of our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our
status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other
than as discussed above, there have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B.
Other Information . 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

28 

PART
III 

Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As
of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Fang
 Zhang 
 
 58 
 
 Director
 (Chairman) 
 
 Kai
 Xiong 
 
 55 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Jing
 Lu 
 
 58 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Mark
 Taborsky 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Doug
 Rothschild 
 
 46 
 
 Director 
 
 Mei
 Han 
 
 54 
 
 Director 

The
experience of our directors and executive officers is as follows: 

Fang Zheng has
served as the Founder and Chairman since inception. He is the Founder, Managing Director CIO of Keywise, where he has served since
July 2006. In his career, Mr. Zheng has been applying an institutional approach to investment, with a focus on information technology
and services industries. He has developed deep insights and built strong industry connections in the global markets. Before Keywise, Mr.
Zheng was a co-founder and portfolio manager at Neon Liberty Capital Management, an asset management firm based in New York City, investing
in the Greater China markets on behalf of institutional investors in the U.S. Prior to co-founding Neon Liberty in 2002, Mr. Zheng was
a Vice President and portfolio manager at the JP Morgan Emerging Market Equity Group. Mr. Zheng was responsible for the team s investment
strategy in the Asian small cap markets. An employee of JP Morgan for more than six years, Mr. Zheng began his career as an equity research
analyst in Singapore, covering the financial and property sectors. Prior to joining JP Morgan, Mr. Zheng worked at the Ministry of Machinery
and Electronics Industries and CITIC in China, and Rockefeller Co., Inc. in New York as an equity analyst. Mr. Zheng holds a BA
degree from the University of International Business Economics in Beijing and an MBA from Harvard Business School and is a CFA charter
holder. Mr. Zheng holds a Hong Kong special administrative region passport and resides in Hong Kong. 

We
believe Mr. Zheng is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his substantial investment and experience and background. 

Dr.
Kai Xiong has served as our Chief Executive Officer and director since inception. He has more than two decades of experience
in investments, risk management, marketing and operations in the financial services industry. Dr. Xiong joined Keywise in 2010 and
is currently a Managing Partner, responsible for multiple management functions, including capital market deal sourcing, management
due diligence, new business development, regulatory policy assessment, investor relations, and personnel and culture development
within the firm, splitting his time among Hong Kong, Beijing and the U.S. Dr. Xiong works closely with Mr. Zheng in the daily
management of the firm and building a strong culture for the firm s long-term success. Prior to joining Keywise, Dr. Xiong
worked in New York City as a Senior Vice President at Citigroup, a Senior Director at E Trade, and a Vice President at JPMorgan
Chase for more than over 10 years combined, responsible for developing risk management, marketing and sales strategies for various
financial products using advanced quantitative methodology and statistical modeling. Before moving to the United States, Dr. Xiong
worked at National Development and Reform Commission of China (NDRC) in Beijing for five years. Since June 2022, Dr. Xiong has
served as a member of the compensation committee of the board of directors of UBS Securities Co. Ltd (China). Dr. Xiong holds a B.A.
in Economics from Peking University, an MBA from Columbia University, and a Ph.D. in Economics from State University of New York at
Buffalo. Dr. Xiong is a U.S. permanent resident with a Hong Kong special administrative region passport residing in the United
States and in Hong Kong. 

We
believe Dr. Xiong is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his significant investment, risk management, marketing and
operations experience. 

Dr. Jing Lu 
has served as our Chief Financial Officer since inception. She has more than 20 years of experience in the financial service industry.
Dr. Lu has served as a Managing Director and then Chief Operating Officer of China Bridge Capital USA, a PE/VC investment advisory company
specialized in innovative technologies from January 2017 to July 2019 and then from March 2021 to January 2022. She also served as Chief
Investment Officer for the New Hope Fertility Center (NHFC) from August 2019 to February 2021, sourcing and managing PE investments, bank
loans and government PPP loans. Prior to China Bridge Capital, Dr. Lu was President of ACE AV Consulting Inc. from 2005 to 2017. 

29 

Dr.
Lu was an Executive Director at CIBC World Markets in 2001 working on corporate securities. Between 1998 and 2001, Dr. Lu worked at the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York as a bank regulator and supervisor, working on Basel Capital Accords as well as examining banks 
implementation of the Basel Accords. Before moving to New York, Dr. Lu was a professor of economics at York University in Canada for
four years, specializing her teaching and research in Macroeconomics, Institutional Economics, and Econometrics. Dr. Lu holds Ph.D. and
M.A. in economics from Western University in Canada, B.A in World Economy from Fudan University in China. Dr. Lu is a U.S. citizen and
resident of the State of New York. 

Mr. Mark Taborsky 
has served as one of our independent directors since inception. He is the founder and managing partner of MarkerTree Capital, LLC, an
investment firm he started in August 2016 specializing in creating and managing custom and thematic investment portfolios for institutional
investors. Mr. Taborsky has over 25 years of investment experience as a senior investment professional, most recently at Stanford Management
Company, Harvard Management Company, PIMCO, and BlackRock, Inc. At BlackRock, Inc., from August 2011 to July 2016, he was a Managing Director
and the CIO for global asset allocation clients in the US and Asia. At PIMCO, from 2008 to 2011, he led the successful buildout of its
liquid asset allocation strategy. At Harvard Management Company, from 2006 to 2008, he was a Managing Director and head of external investments.
At Stanford Management Company, from 2001 to 2006, he was a Managing Director and oversaw the absolute return and fixed income portfolios
and internal trading. He was also their first CFO. Mr. Taborsky is a CFA charter holder. Mr. Taborsky holds an MBA in Finance and Policy
with honors from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business and a B.Comm. in Joint Honors Economics and Finance with first-class
honors from McGill University. Mr. Taborsky is a U.S. citizen and is a resident of Massachusetts. 

We
believe that Mr. Taborsky is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his significant investment experience and leadership
skills 

Mr. Doug Rothschild 
has served as one of our independent directors since inception. He is a portfolio manager at Scoggin Management LP, a privately owned
hedge fund sponsor, assisting in the management of its investment portfolio. Since joining Scoggin Management in February 2002, he has
focused on analyzing and investing in both public and private securities across all asset sectors. Mr. Rothschild was a senior advisor
for MTech Acquisition Corp. from January 2018 to June 2019. Prior to joining Scoggin Management, Mr. Rothschild was an associate in the
asset management group of Goldman Sachs from 1997 to 2002, where he focused on the real estate, lodging and gaming sectors. He served
on the board of Akerna Corp. (Nasdaq: KERN), a technology company. Mr. Rothschild is an active supporter of various charities specifically
Sinai Schools for children with special needs, where he previously served as a Board Member and on the Executive Committee. Mr. Rothschild
received a B.A. in Finance from the Sy Syms School of Business at Yeshiva University and is a CFA charter holder. Mr. Rothschild is a
U.S. citizen and is a resident of the State of New Jersey. 

We
believe Mr. Rothchild is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his substantial investment and securities analysis experience. 

Dr. Mei Han 
has served as one of our independent directors since inception. She is an experienced business professional, with a successful 27 years
career in global investment and wealth management. For 20 years, Dr. Han held various senior management roles with Capital Group, one
of the world s largest investment management firms with assets under management of USD2 trillion as of December 31, 2020, including
Managing Director for Strategic Solutions. She was responsible for business development and strategic partnerships in major Asian markets,
helping clients design strategic solutions and asset allocation recommendations. The key clients were sovereign wealth funds, central
banks, pension funds, insurance companies, large commercial banks and securities companies. Dr. Han was a founding member of Capital Group s
China Committee and was one of the key members who planned and organized the opening of Capital Group s representative office in
Beijing in 2009. She was also the leader of Capital Group s Asian Women Leadership Program. Since leaving Capital Group in 2017,
Dr. Han has been advising and assisting several industry leading firms from China and Singapore, including Ucommune International Ltd.
(co-working) and MCP Payment (digital payment), mainly on strategy, business network building and fund raising. From November 2020 to
February 2022, Dr. Han served as an independent director of Ucommune International Ltd. (Nasdaq: UK), the largest co-working company in
China. Dr. Han holds a Bachelor Degree of Law from Peking University, an MBA degree from European University (now the EU Business School),
and a Ph.D. in Business Administration from University of South Australia. Dr. Han is a citizen and resident of Singapore. 

We
believe Dr. Han is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to her extensive global investment and wealth management experience. 

30 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our
board of directors consists of five members. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being
elected in each year and each (except for those directors appointed prior to our first general meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year
term. The term of office of the first class of directors will expire at our first general meeting of shareholders, the term of office
of the second class of directors will expire at our second general meeting of shareholders, and the term of office of the third class
of directors will expire at our third general meeting of shareholders. We may not hold a general meeting of shareholders until after
we consummate our business combination (unless required by Nasdaq). The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of
Doug Rothschild, will expire at our first general meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting
of Mark Taborsky and Mei Han, will expire at our second general meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors,
consisting of Fang Zhang and Kai Xiong, will expire at our third general meeting of shareholders. Subject to any other special rights
applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors
present and voting at the meeting of our board or by a majority of the holders of our ordinary shares (or, prior to our business combination,
holders of our Founder Shares). 

Our officers are elected by
the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors
is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems
appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers may consist of a Chairman, a Chief
Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Operating Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, Chief Investment Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary,
Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

31 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Pursuant to Nasdaq listing rules we have established two standing committees,
an audit committee in compliance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, and a compensation committee, each comprised of independent
directors. 

Subject
to phase in-rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed
company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be
comprised of solely independent directors. 

Audit
Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors. Mr. Taborsky, Mr. Rothschild and Dr. Han serve as members of our audit committee. Mr. Taborsky chairs
the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the
audit committee, all of whom must be independent. We believe that each of Mr. Taborsky, Mr. Rothschild and Dr. Han meet the independent
director standards under Nasdaq listing standards and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Taborsky qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

assisting
board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our
independent auditor s qualifications and independence and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; 

the
appointment, compensation, retention, replacement and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered
public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving
all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by
us and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing
and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting
clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting
clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the independent auditor s internal quality-control
procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm,
or by any inquiry or 

investigation
by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by
the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements
and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; 

reviewing
and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior
to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal
advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies
and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies
and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the FASB, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

32 

Compensation
Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors. Mr. Taborsky, Mr. Rothschild and Dr. Han serve as members of our compensation committee. Dr. Han
chairs the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members
of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. We believe that each of Mr. Taborsky, Mr. Rothschild and Dr. Han meet
the independent director standards under Nasdaq listing standards and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. We have adopted a compensation committee
charter, which details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation,
evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation and any incentive-compensation and equity-based
plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing
a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work
of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other
adviser, the compensation committee considers the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the
SEC. 

Director
Nominations 

We do not have a standing
nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or
Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee
for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the
responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors
who participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Mr. Taborsky, Mr. Rothschild and Dr. Han. In accordance
with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a
nominating committee charter in place. 

The board of directors will
also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees
to stand for a at the next annual general meeting (or, if applicable, an extraordinary general meeting). Our shareholders that wish to
nominate a director for appointment to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our shareholders. 

Code
of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of
ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. Our code of ethics is a code of ethics, as defined in Item 406(b)
of Regulation S-K. We have filed a copy of our code of ethics and our audit and compensation committee charters as exhibits to the Registration
Statement. You will be able to review these documents accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. Any
amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our code of ethics will be disclosed in a current report on Form 8-K. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities
to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities.
These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of
all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations
from certain reporting persons, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022, all reports applicable to our executive officers,
directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner in accordance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, except
that each of Messrs. Taborsky and Rothschild and Dr. Han did not timely file a report relating to their acquisition of Founder Shares
in March 2022. 

33 

Item 11.
Executive Compensation . 

Except as set forth herein,
none of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities
were first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our business combination and our liquidation, we pay our sponsor up
to 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. The sponsor pays Jing Lu, our Chief
Financial Officer, 5,000 per month, from the time of our IPO through the earlier of consummation of our business combination and our
liquidation, for administrative services she performs for us and for the sponsor. Additionally, certain of our directors have received
Founder Shares from our sponsor. For more information, please see Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
Director Independence. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and
performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made
to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to a business combination are made using funds
held outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional
controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating a business combination. Other than the payments and
reimbursements described above, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, are paid by us to our sponsor,
officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our business combination. 

After
the completion of our business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or
management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the
proxy solicitation or tender offer materials (as applicable) furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of
management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the
directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to
be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting
arrangements to remain with us after our business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements
to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we
do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our business combination will be a determining
factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors
that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

34 

Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . 

The following table
sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 30, 2023 based on information obtained from
the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of ordinary shares, by: 

each
person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each
of our named executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary shares; and 

all
our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 15,120,000 shares
of our ordinary shares, consisting of (i) 12,245,000 shares of our Class A ordinary shares and (ii) 2,875,000 shares of our Class B ordinary
shares, issued and outstanding as of March 30, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon, except for the election of directors of the board,
holders of the shares of Class A ordinary shares and shares of Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class, unless otherwise
required by applicable law. Currently, all of the shares of Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a
one-for-one basis. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary
shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the public warrants or the
private placement warrants. 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Approximate 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares 
 
 Keyarch Global Sponsor Limited 
 490,500 (3) 
 4.00 
 2,800,000 (2)(3) 
 97.39 
 21.76 
 
 Fang Zheng 
 490,500 (3) 
 4.00 
 2,800,000 (2)(3) 
 97.39 
 21.76 
 
 Kai Xiong 
 - (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Jing Lu 
 - (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mark Taborsky 
 - 
 - 
 25,000 (4) 

Doug Rothschild 
 - 
 - 
 25,000 (4) 

Mei Han 
 - 
 - 
 25,000 

All officers and directors as a group (6 individuals) 
 490,500 
 4.00 
 2,875,000 
 100 
 22.26 
 
 Highbridge Capital Management, LLC (5) 
 -1,033,538 
 -8.44 
 - 
 
 6.84 
 
 AQR Parties (6) 
 711,971 
 5.81 
 - 
 
 4.70 

less
than 1 

(1) Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is
 275 Madison Avenue, 39 th floor, New York, New York 10016. 

(2) Interests
shown consist solely of Founder Shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first business day
following our business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

(3) Represents
the shares directly held by Keyarch Global Sponsor Limited, our sponsor and the record holder of such shares. Mr. Fang Zheng is the majority
shareholder of our sponsor. As such, he may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the Founder Shares held directly by our sponsor.
Mr. Zheng disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest he may have therein,
directly or indirectly. 

(4) Does
not include any shares indirectly owned by this individual as a result of his or her partnership interest in our sponsor or its affiliates. 

(5) According
 to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 2, 2023, Highbridge Capital Management,
 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Highbridge ), holds 1,033,538 Class
 A ordinary shares. The principal business offices of Highbridge are at 275 Madison Avenue,
 39 th Floor, New York, New York 10016.(6) 

(6) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023,
AQR Capital Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, AQR Capital Management Holdings, LLC , a Delaware limited liability
company, and AQR Arbitrage, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively, the AQR Parties hold 711,971 Class
A ordinary shares. The principal business office address of the AQR Parties is One Greenwich Plaza, Greenwich, CT 06830. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes
in Control 

None. 

35 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence . 

Founder
Shares 

In July 2021, our sponsor
paid 25,000, or 0.009 per share, to cover certain of our offering and formation costs in exchange for 2,875,000 Founder Shares. On
March 18, 2022, the Sponsor transferred 25,000 Founder Shares to each of our three independent directors Our initial shareholders collectively
own approximately 22.26 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. The initial shareholders have agreed, subject to limited exceptions,
not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earliest to occur of: (A) 180 days after the completion
of the initial Business Combination or (B) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange
or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares
for cash, securities or other property. 

On August 12, 2021, we issued to EarlyBirdCapital and/or its designees 200,000 Class A
ordinary shares at a price of 0.0001 per share. We estimated the fair value of the EBC Founder Shares to be 1,800 based upon the price
of the Founder Shares issued to the sponsor. The holders of the EBC Founder Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such
shares until the completion of a business combination. In addition, the holders have agreed (i) to waive their conversion rights
(or right to participate in any tender offer) with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of a business combination
and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if we fail to complete
a business combination within the Combination Period. 

Private Placement Units 

In connection with our initial
public offering and the Over-Allotment Option, our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital and their designees purchased an aggregate of 545,000
private placement units (including 490,500 private placement units purchased by our sponsor and 54,500 private placement units purchased
by EarlyBirdCapital) at 10.00 per unit in the private placement, generating gross proceeds to us of approximately 5.5 million in the
aggregate. 

Conflicts of Interest 

If any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she
has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations
that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

We currently maintain our
executive offices at 275 Madison Avenue, 39th floor New York, New York 10016. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed
on Nasdaq and through the earlier of the consummation of our business combination and our liquidation, we pay our sponsor for office space,
secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. 

Related Party Loans and Advances 

Prior to the IPO Closing Date,
our sponsor agreed to loan us the IPO Note, a promissory note up to 150,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our Initial Public
Offering. We borrowed approximately 150,000 under the IPO Note. The IPO Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and was due at the earlier
of March 31, 2022 and the IPO Closing Date. The IPO Note was repaid at the IPO Closing Date out of the offering proceeds not held in the
Trust Account. 

In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us Working Capital Loans as may be required. If we complete a business combination,
we may repay such Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that the business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such Working Capital Loans but no
proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a
price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The units would be identical to the private placement units. The terms of such Working
Capital Loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or our management team as we do not believe third parties
will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. 

After our business combination,
members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any
and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials,
as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution
of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our business combination, as applicable, as it will
be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 

36 

Registration Rights 

We have entered into a registration
rights agreement with our sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital with respect to any Class A ordinary shares underlying the Founder Shares, any
private placement units (and their component parts and securities underlying those component parts), any EBC Founder Shares and any units
issued upon conversion of working capital loans (their component parts and securities underlying those component parts). 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require
that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our Initial Public Offering. An independent director 
is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a
relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Taborsky, Mr. Rothschild
and Dr. Han is an independent director as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent
directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services . 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to UHY, for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees 

Audit fees consist of fees
for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by UHY in
connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of UHY for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial
statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with
the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled approximately
 148,730 and 92,250, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee
meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees 

Audit-related fees consist
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements
and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation
and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from
April 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021we did not pay UHY any audit-related fees. 

Tax Fees 

We did not pay UHY for tax
services, planning or advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021. 

All Other Fees 

We did not pay UHY for any
other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services,
although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation
of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

37 

PART
IV 

Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules . 

(a) The
following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1)
Financial Statements: 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from April 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from April 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from April 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 - F-18 

(2) Financial
Statements Schedules 

All
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required
information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Report. 

(3) Exhibits: 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits that are incorporated herein by reference
can be inspected on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not
applicable. 

38 

Index
to Financial Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from April 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from April 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from April 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Shareholder of Keyarch Acquisition Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Keyarch Acquisition
Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders (deficit)
equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, as of December
31, 2022, the Company does not have sufficient cash and working capital to sustain its operations which raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to this matter are also described in Note
1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an
audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. , New York March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

KEYARCH ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

BALANCE SHEET 

December 31,
2022 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 -

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 
 
 -

Deferred offering costs 
 -

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to affiliates 
 -

Note payable related party 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, and no shares at redemption value of per share as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively

Shareholders Equity: 

Preferred shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding (excluding 11,500,000 and no shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

KEYARCH ACQUISITION
CORPORATION 

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended
December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
2022 
 From 
 April 23, 
2021 
 (inception) 
 through 
 December 31, 
2021 
 
 General and administrative expenses 

Total Expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other Income: 

Interest income 
 
 -

Income earned on investment held in Trust Account 
 
 -

Net Profit/(Loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of redeemable ordinary shares 
 
 -

Basic and diluted net income per share, redeemable ordinary shares

- 

Weighted average shares outstanding of non-redeemable ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, non-redeemable ordinary shares

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

KEYARCH ACQUISITION
CORPORATION 

STATEMENT OF CHANGES
IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

For the year ended
December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance as of April 23, 2021 (inception) 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 

Issuance of Class A ordinary shares to underwriter 

Net Loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Proceeds from sale of public units 

Proceeds from sale of private placement units 

Underwriters commission on sale of public units 

Other offering costs 

Allocation of offering costs to ordinary shares subject to redemption, adjusted for reversal allocation 

Initial measurement of Ordinary Shares Subject to Redemption under ASC 480-10-S99 against additional paid-in capital 

Deduction for increases of carrying value of redeemable shares, adjusted for reversal of offering costs 

Reversal of offering costs 

Subsequent measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (income earned on investment held in Trust Account) 

Net profit 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 5 

KEYARCH ACQUISITION
CORPORATION 

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended
December 31, 2022, and for the period from April 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 From April 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net profit/(loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net profit/(loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Income earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Prepaid expenses 

Due to affiliates 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of investment held in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of public units through public offering 

Proceeds from sale of private placement units 

Proceeds from issuance of Class A ordinary shares to underwriter 

Proceeds from issuance of Class B ordinary shares to sponsor 

Payment of underwriters commissions 

Payment of offering costs 

Repayment on promissory note to related party 

Proceeds from note payable to related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash beginning of the period 

Cash end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Allocation of offering costs to ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Reclassification of ordinary shares subject to redemption 

Remeasurement adjustment on redeemable ordinary shares 

Subsequent measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (income earned on investment held in Trust Account) 

Reversal of offering cost adjusted from additional paid in capital 

Deferred offering costs included in due to affiliate 

Deferred offering costs included in accrued expenses 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

KEYARCH ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being
offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. 

private placement units Private Placement Units ( Private Placement Units
purchased by the Sponsor and Private Placement Units purchased by EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., the representative of the underwriters
of the IPO EarlyBirdCapital )) at a price of per Private Placement Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of ,
in a private placement. 

consisting of of underwriting
discount and of other offering costs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company negotiated for a discount
amounting to on outstanding offering costs included within accounts payable and accrued expenses. This has been treated as an
adjustment to offering costs. 

was
held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for the payment of offering costs and for working capital purposes. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds and the sale of the Private Placement Units was held in a Trust Account Trust Account ), and has been invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act, having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to
income earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay income tax obligations, the proceeds from
the IPO will not be released from the Trust Account until the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination or the Company s
liquidation. 

F- 7 

of the
assets held in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the definitive agreement
for the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns
or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of a target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in a target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ). 

Class A ordinary shares ), sold in the IPO (the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in
connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision
as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company,
solely in its discretion, subject to applicable law. The public shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro
rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share). The per-share amount to be
distributed to public shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the cash fee payable to EarlyBirdCapital for
services performed in connection with the initial Business Combination (as discussed in Note 6). In such case, the Company will proceed
with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination
and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the
Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Incorporation ), conduct
the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender
offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transactions is required
by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in
conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each
public shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.
If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) have
agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of
a Business Combination. 

or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the IPO, without the prior consent of the Company. 

of its Public Shares if the Company
does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A
ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

F- 8 

per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be
liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective
target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account.
This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of
the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ).
Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have
to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses
or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

and , respectively and working capital/(deficit) of and ), respectively. The
Company s liquidity needs, prior to the consummation of the IPO, had been satisfied through proceeds from notes payable and advances
from related party and from the issuance of ordinary shares. Subsequent to the consummation of the IPO, the Company expects that it will
need additional capital to satisfy its liquidity needs beyond the net proceeds from the consummation of the IPO and the proceeds held
outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective business combination candidates,
performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with
or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Initial Business Combination. Although certain of the Company s initial
shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates have committed to loan the Company funds from time to time or at any time, in
whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, there is no guarantee that the Company will receive such funds. 

F- 9 

F- 10 

and , respectively, comprised of U.S. Treasury securities
with a maturity of 180 days or less. The interests earned from trust account were for the year ended December 31, 2022, which
were fully reinvested into the trust account as earned and therefore presented as an adjustment to the operating activities in the Statements
of Cash Flows. 

consisting principally
of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are related to the IPO and are charged
to shareholders equity upon the completion of the IPO. The Company complies with the requirements of the ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC
Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB Topic 5A Expenses of Offering . The Company allocates offering
costs between the Public Shares, Public Warrants (as defined below in Note 3) and Public Rights (as defined below in Note 3)
based on the relative fair values of the Public Shares, Public Warrants and Public Rights. Accordingly, was allocated to the
Public Shares and charged to temporary equity, and was allocated to Public Warrants and Public Rights and charged to shareholders 
equity. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received discounts amounting to on outstanding offering cost included
within accounts payable and accrued expenses. This has been treated as reversal of offering cost adjusted through additional paid-in capital
considering the related offering cost charged against additional paid-in capital at the time of IPO. 

ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
are presented at redemption value of per share (plus any income earned on investment held in Trust Account) as temporary equity,
outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value
immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each
reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional
paid in capital and accumulated deficit. The Company allocates gross proceeds between the Public Shares, Public Warrants and Public Rights
based on the relative fair values of the Public Shares, Public Warrants and Public Rights. 

F- 11 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Allocation of offering costs related to redeemable shares (net of allocation of offering cost amounting to related to redeemable shares reversed 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value (net of decrease of in carrying value of redeemable shares due to reversal of offering costs 

Subsequent measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption (income earned on investment held in Trust Account) 

Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

on outstanding offering cost included within accounts payable and accrued expenses. This has been treated as reversal of offering cost adjusted through additional paid-in capital considering the related offering cost charged against additional paid-in capital at the time of IPO. This reversal of offering cost has been proportionately allocated to redeemable shares based on the fair value of Public Shares leading to a corresponding decrease in carrying value by to arrive at the redemption value of Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption. 

. At December 31, 2022, the Company had not experienced losses on this account and management
believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

Income earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Decrease in carrying value of redeemable shares due to reversal of offering costs 

Net loss including accretion of equity into redemption value 

F- 12 

Income earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Decrease in carrying value of redeemable shares
 due to reversal of offering costs 

Allocation of net profit/(loss) 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net profit/(loss) per share 

F- 13 

Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, one-half of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant and one right Public Right ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one
Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. Ten Public Rights will entitle the holder to one Class A
ordinary share at the closing of the Business Combination. 

Units to exercise its over-allotment option in full at a purchase price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of . 

Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit Private Placement Units purchased by the Sponsor and Private Placement Units purchased by EarlyBirdCapital), for an aggregate
purchase price of , in a private placement. On February 8, 2022,
the underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option and the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of Private
Placement Units Private Placement Units purchased by the Sponsor and Private Placement Units purchased by EarlyBirdCapital)
at a price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Certain of the proceeds from the Private Placement
Units were added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account. 

,
to cover certain offering costs in consideration for of the Company s Class B ordinary shares, par value 
(the Founder Shares ). Up to Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to
which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. On February 8, 2022, the underwriter exercised its over-allotment
option in full, hence, the Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture since then. On March 18, 2022, the Sponsor transferred
 Founder Shares to each of the Company s independent directors. 

Class A ordinary shares (the EBC Founder Shares at a price of 
per share. The Company estimated the fair value of the EBC Founder Shares to be based upon the price of the founder shares issued
to the Sponsor. The holders of the EBC Founder Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion
of a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have agreed (i) to waive their conversion rights (or right to participate in
any tender offer) with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. 

F- 14 

to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ).
This loan is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of March 31, 2022, or the completion of the IPO. During the month of
September 2021, the Sponsor transferred the outstanding sponsor line of credit of to Keywise Capital Management (HK) Limited
(the Affiliate ). Prior to July 6, 2021, the Sponsor had an arrangement with the Affiliate regarding payment to be made
by the Affiliate for certain costs of the Company on behalf of the Sponsor which will be adjusted with the Note. However, once the bank
account of the Sponsor and the Company was open, the Affiliate agreed with the Sponsor and the Company that such amount will be paid directly
to them. 

to the Company pursuant to the promissory note executed by the Company on June 16, 2021. The note was paid in full on January 27,
2022. 

. The Company settled the amount
due to affiliates with the IPO proceeds. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no outstanding balance due to Affiliate. 

million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per unit.
The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of December 31, 2022, no Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

per month, beginning from the date of the consummation of the IPO until the earlier of the consummation of the Business Combination
or liquidation for office and administrative support services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred for
administrative and support services. No such expenses were incurred during the period April 23, 2021 (inception) through December 31,
2021. 

F- 15 

units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the IPO price less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On February 8, 2022, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full and purchased an additional
 units at per unit. 

and on February 8, 2022, it paid an additional of underwriting fees arising from the
sale of the over-allotment units. 

of the gross proceeds of IPO (exclusive of any applicable finders fees which might become payable). In addition, the Company may
engage EarlyBirdCapital as an advisor in connection with introducing a target business to us. If we engage EarlyBirdCapital and it introduces
us to the target business with whom we complete our initial Business Combination, EarlyBirdCapital will receive a cash fee equal to 
of the total consideration payable in the initial Business Combination. 

preferred shares with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined
from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no preferred
shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, there were and 200,000 Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding, excluding and
no shares subject to possible redemption, respectively. 

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Of the Class B ordinary
shares, an aggregate of up to shares were subject to forfeiture to the Company for no consideration to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the initial shareholders would collectively own approximately 
of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the IPO. On February 8, 2022, the underwriter exercised its over-allotment
option in full, hence, the Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture since then. 

F- 16 

per warrant upon 30 days notice, only in the event that the last sale price of the ordinary shares is at least 
per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third day prior to the date on which notice of redemption
is given, provided there is an effective registration statement and current prospectus in effect with respect to the ordinary shares underlying
such warrants during the 30 day redemption period. If a registration statement is not effective within 60 days following the consummation
of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period
when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance
with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register
or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

F- 17 

F- 18 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement between
the Company and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
(File No. 001-41243) filed with the SEC on January 27, 2022). 

1.2 
 
 Business Combination Marketing Agreement between the Company and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41243) filed with the SEC on January 27, 2022). 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of Keyarch Acquisition Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41243) filed with the SEC on January 27, 2022). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-261500) filed with the SEC on January 12, 2022). 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-261500) filed with the SEC on January 12, 2022). 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Private Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-261500) filed with the SEC on January 12, 2022). 

4.4 
 
 Specimen Public Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-261500) filed with the SEC on January 12, 2022). 

4.5 
 
 Specimen Rights Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-261500) filed with the SEC on January 12, 2022). 

4.6 
 
 Public Warrant Agreement, dated January 24, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41243) filed with the SEC on January 27, 2022). 

4.7 
 
 Private Warrant Agreement, dated January 24, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41243) filed with the SEC on January 27, 2022). 

4.8 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated January 24, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as rights agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41243) filed with the SEC on January 27, 2022). 

4.9 
 
 Description of Registered Securities. 

10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated January 24, 2022, among the Company, its officers and directors, EarlyBirdCapital and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41243) filed with the SEC on January 27, 2022). 

10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated January 24, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41243) filed with the SEC on January 27, 2022). 

41 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 24, 2022, among the Company, its officers and directors, and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41243) filed with the SEC on January 27, 2022). 

10.4 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated January 24, 2022, between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41243) filed with the SEC on January 27, 2022). 

10.5 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated January 24, 2022, between the Company, the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41243) filed with the SEC on January 27, 2022). 

10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-261500) filed with the SEC on January 12, 2022). 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-261500) filed with the SEC on January 3, 2022). 

99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-261500) filed with the SEC on January 3, 2022). 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

Furnished
herewith. 

42 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 KEYARCH
 ACQUISITION CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/
 Kai Xiong 

Kai
 Xiong 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Kai Xiong 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 30,
 2023 
 
 Kai
 Xiong 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Jing Lu 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March 30,
 2023 
 
 Jing
 Lu 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
Fang Zheng 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 March 30,
 2023 
 
 Fang
 Zheng 

/s/
 Mei Han 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30,
 2023 
 
 Mei
 Han 

/s/
Doug Rothschild 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30,
 2023 
 
 Doug
 Rothschild 

/s/
Mark Taborsky 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30,
 2023 
 
 Mark
 Taborsky 

43 

<EX-4.9>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-9_keyarchacq.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES

Exhibit
4.9 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

As
of December 31, 2022, Keyarch Acquisition Corp. we, our, us or the Company had the following four classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ): (i) its units (the units ), consisting of (x) one Class A ordinary share (as defined below), (y) one-half of
one redeemable warrant (as defined below), with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share,
and (z) one right (as defined below) to receive one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share, (ii) its Class A ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share (the Class A ordinary shares ), (iii) its public warrants, with each whole warrant exercisable for one
Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share (the warrants and (iv) its rights to receive one-tenth of one Class A ordinary
share (the rights ). 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 200,000,000 ordinary shares,
including 180,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001
per share, and 1,000,000 preferred shares. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock and does not
purport to be complete. It is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of incorporation, our bylaws, our warrant agreement and our rights agreement, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit
to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of which this Exhibit 4.9 is a part. 

Defined
terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Report. 

Units 

Each
unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, one right and one-half of one warrant. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive
one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of our initial business combination. Each whole warrant entitles the holder
to purchase one Class A ordinary share. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a
whole number of Class A ordinary shares. 

Ordinary
Shares 

Class A
ordinary shareholders and Class B ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to
be voted on by shareholders, except as required by law; provided that, prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our
Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, and holders of a majority of our Class B
ordinary shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of
our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of Class A
ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class. Approval of certain actions will require
a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions
include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with
another company. Directors are elected for a term of three years. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment
of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the founder shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint
all of the directors prior to our initial business combination. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and
if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our
initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall be net
of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. At
the completion of our initial business combination, we will be required to purchase any Class A ordinary shares properly delivered
for redemption and not withdrawn. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem its public shares without voting and, if
they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination. Our initial shareholders have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares
and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Our directors and officers
have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect to ordinary shares held or acquired by
them, if any. Permitted transferees of our initial shareholders, officers or directors will be subject to the same obligations. 

If
we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that a public
shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from
redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the ordinary shares sold in the initial public offering, which
we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders 
inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and
such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally,
such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the business combination.
As a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be
required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders at such time will
be entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision
is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription
rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our shareholders with the
opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), upon the completion of our initial business combination,
subject to the limitations described in the Report. 

Rights 

Each
holder of a right will receive one-tenth of a Class A ordinary share upon completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable
to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders
of rights will not receive any of such funds for their rights and the rights will expire worthless. No fractional shares will be issued
upon conversion of any rights. Any fractional shares will be rounded down to the nearest whole share, and any rounding down and extinguishment
may be done with or without any in lieu cash payment or other compensation being made to the holder of the relevant rights. 

Warrants 

Each
whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment
as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of an initial business combination. Pursuant to the warrant
agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. The warrants will expire
on the fifth anniversary of our completion of an initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon
redemption or liquidation. 

2 

However,
no warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking
to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws
of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration
statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within 60 business
days following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If
that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In such
event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied
by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined
below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale
price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 5 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. 

We
may call the warrants for redemption (excluding the private warrants included in the private units and any warrants issued to our
sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us), in whole and
not in part, at a price of 0.01 per warrant: 

at
 any time after the warrants become exercisable; 

upon
 not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; 

if,
 and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds
 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, reorganizations and
 recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing after
 the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice
 of redemption to warrant holders; and 

if,
 and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the Class A
 ordinary shares underlying such warrants. 

The
right to exercise will be forfeited unless the warrants are exercised prior to the date specified in the notice of redemption. On and
after the redemption date, a record holder of a warrant will have no further rights except to receive the redemption price for such holder s
warrant upon surrender of such warrant. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise
warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants
for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A
ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair
market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value 
shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 5 trading days ending on the third trading
day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

The
warrants will be issued in registered form under warrant agreement between Continental, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement
provide that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective
provision, but requires the approval, by written consent or vote, of the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants
in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

The
exercise price and number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances
including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation.
However, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Class A ordinary shares at a price below their respective exercise prices. 

3 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share, (y) the
aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for
the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions),
and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
to be equal to 115 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the Newly Issued Price and the 18.00 per share redemption
trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the
Newly Issued Price. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price, by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant
holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their
warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants,
each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

Under
the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to have declared effective a prospectus relating to the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and keep such prospectus current until the expiration or redemption of the warrants.
However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so and, if we do not maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will be unable to exercise their warrants for cash and we will not be
required to net cash settle or cash settle the warrant exercise. 

Warrant
holders may elect to be subject to a restriction on the exercise of their warrants such that an electing warrant holder would not be
able to exercise their warrants to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such holder would beneficially own in excess
of 9.8 of the Class A ordinary shares outstanding. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares
to be issued to the warrant holder. 

4 

</EX-4.9>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_keyarchacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 RULE
13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER
THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Kai Xiong, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Keyarch Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Kai Xiong 

Kai
 Xiong 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_keyarchacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 RULE
13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER
THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Jing Lu, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Keyarch Acquisition Corporation; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jing Lu 

Jing
 Lu 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_keyarchacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Keyarch Acquisition Corporation (the Company for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kai Xiong,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Kai Xiong 

Kai
 Xiong 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_keyarchacq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE 
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Keyarch Acquisition Corporation (the Company for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jing Lu, Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jing Lu 

Jing
 Lu 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Principal
 Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 kych-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 kych-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 kych-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 kych-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 kych-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

