<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_1794942_0001640334-23-000427.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2036886</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>62928</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>422350</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>502841</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>423136</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>584143</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-23-000427.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323132632
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-23-000427
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Stark Focus Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001794942
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-APPAREL, PIECE GOODS & NOTIONS [5130]
		IRS NUMBER:				320610316
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-237100
		FILM NUMBER:		23755489

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 3001, 505 6TH STREET SW
		CITY:			CALGARY
		STATE:			A0
		ZIP:			T2P 1X5
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(403) 237-8330

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 3001, 505 6TH STREET SW
		CITY:			CALGARY
		STATE:			A0
		ZIP:			T2P 1X5

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-23-000427.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 stark_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

stark_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ______________ to ______________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) , , (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code.) ) (Telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: None N/A Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: (Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company and emerging grown company, in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately on December 31, 2021, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed fiscal year. Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date: of Common Stock as of March 20, 2023 Document Incorporated by Reference: None TABLE OF CONTENTS Part I Item 1. Business 2 Item 1A. Risk Factors 3 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 3 Item 2. Properties 3 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 3 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 3 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 4 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 4 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 4 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 6 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 6 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 9 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 9 Item 9B. Other Information 10 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 11 Item 11. Executive Compensation 13 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 15 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 16 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 17 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 18 1 Table of Contents PART I Forward Looking Statements. This annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled Risk Factors , which may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. Our financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. In this annual report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars. All references to common shares refer to the common shares in our capital stock. As used in this annual report, the terms we , us , our and the Company , mean Stark Focus Group Inc. and our wholly owned subsidiary, Common Design Limited. Item 1. Description of Business General Information We were incorporated on July 3, 2018 in the state of Nevada, USA. We acquired 100 interest of Common Design, a Hong Kong corporation as our wholly owned subsidiary pursuant to a share exchange agreement dated September 20, 2019. Common Design is a start-up wholesale clothing supplier, established on April 10, 2019, specializing in the supply and trading of niche apparel for distribution to markets worldwide. With operating headquarters located in Hong Kong, Common Design is in the apparel trading business. Common Design is primarily focused on sourcing and marketing a diverse portfolio of dress up, casual and athletic apparel products to its global clients. On August 9, 2021, we entered into a share purchase agreement with a third party wherein we would sell our 10,000 shares of our former wholly owned subsidiary, Common Design Limited of Hong Kong, for a consideration of Ten Thousand Hong Kong Dollars (HK 10,000.00). The 10,000 shares represent all of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Design Limited. The transaction was consummated on September 9, 2021. Also on September 9, 2021, Compass North Holdings Limited purchased 8,280,000 shares of the Company s common stock, at a price of US 0.0524 per share, from Mr. Mario Todd, our previous majority shareholder. As a result of the acquisition of 8,280,000 shares of common stock, Compass North Holdings Limited holds approximately 81 of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company, and as such it is able to unilaterally control the election of our board of directors, all matters upon which shareholder approval is required and, ultimately, the direction of our Company. 2 Table of Contents On September 10, 2021, the Board of Directors accepted the resignation of Mr. Adam Kuen Hin Lui as a Director and Secretary of the Company. At the same time the Board elected Cao Zhi Fen as a Director and Secretary of the Company. On October 25, 2021, the Board of Directors accepted the resignation of Mr. Mario Todd as director, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company. At the same time, the Board elected Ms. Cao Zhi Fen, who is a Director of the Company, as Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company. On July 18, 2022, we announced that we were entering into the Drone / Unmanned Aerial Vehicles market with the launch of a new brand, RevoluDrones. On July 20, 2022, the Company purchased 10-month licenses for 4 patents to assist in its drone business. Other than the Common Design Transaction, we haven t undergone any material reclassification, merger, consolidation, purchase or sale of a significant amount of assets in the ordinary course of business, neither we have ever been a party to any bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceeding. We will not be profitable until we are successful in acquiring or doing a business and derive sufficient revenues and cash flows from the business. Item 1A. Risk Factors As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 2. Properties We do not own any real property. We are currently sharing an office space with other parties. Item 3. Legal Proceedings We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our Company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which our director, officer or any affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable. 3 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Markets (Pink). OTC Markets securities are not listed and traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, OTC Market securities transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers. OTC Market issuers are traditionally smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a national or regional stock exchange. Our transfer agent is Globex Transfer, LLC, located at 780 Deltona Blvd., Suite 202, Deltona, FL 32725. Holders As of December 31, 2022, there were 4 holders of record of our common stock and, 9,948,330 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding. Dividends We have not declared or paid any cash dividends since inception. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, for use in the operation and expansion of our business and do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. There are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities We did not sell any equity securities which were not registered under the Securities Act during the year ended December 31, 2022 that were not otherwise disclosed on our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or our current reports on Form 8-K filed during the year ended December 31, 2022. Equity Compensation Plans We do not have in effect any compensation plans under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance, and we do not have any outstanding stock options. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Company We repurchased 272,500 of our shares of common stock during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Item 6. Selected Financial Data As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the related notes for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 that appear elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include but are not limited to those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report. 4 Table of Contents Results of Operations Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 Net Revenues : We generated Nil in revenues and incurred Nil in cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the quarter ended September 30, 2021, we sold our 100 interest of our wholly subsidiary, Common Design Limited, and the operations of Common Design have been shown on the March 31, 2021 operations statement as loss on discontinued operations. Total Assets: The Company s total assets were 5,967 as of December 31, 2022 compared to Nil total assets as of December 31, 2021. Total Liabilities: The Company s total liabilities were 67,370 as of December 31, 2022 compared to total liabilities of 12,130 as of December 31, 2021. Stockholders Equity: The Company s shareholders equity was negative 61,403 as of December 31, 2022 compared to shareholder s equity of negative 12,130 as of December 31, 2021. Selling, General and Administrative Expense : During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred expenses of 2,691 in advertising and promotion, 9,500 in research and development and 36,377 in general and administration compared to Nil in advertising and promotion, Nil in research and development and 54,296 in general and administration for the year ended December 31, 2021. General and administrative expenses primarily consist of legal, accounting, consulting and other professional service fees. There were no selling expenses during the year. Loss from Operations : Loss from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 49,273, compared to income from operations of 60,027 for the year ended December 31, 2021. During 2021, we had a gain on debt forgiveness of 112,511. Net Loss : Net loss was 49,273 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to net income of 59,545 for the year ended December 31, 2021 . Liquidity and Capital Resources The Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 Cash and cash equivalents were Nil as of December 31, 2021. Our total current assets were 5,967 as of December 31, 2022 and our total current liabilities were 53,665. At the end of the year ended December 31, 2021, cash and cash equivalents were Nil, total current assets were Nil and total current liabilities were 12,130. We had a working capital deficiency of 47,698 as of December 31, 2022 compared to working capital deficiency of 12,130 as of December 31, 2021. We received advance of 13,000 from a related party and loan of 41,598 from an independent third party during the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we received loan of 6,067 from a third party and advance of 69,429 from a related party. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 5 Table of Contents Contractual Obligations and Commitments On July 18, 2022, the Company announced that it is entering the Drone / Unmanned Aerial Vehicles market with the launch of its new brand, RevoluDrones. On July 20, 2022, the Company purchased 10-month licenses for 4 patents to assist in its drone business. As of December 31, 2022, we do not have any other contractual obligations and commitments. Plan of Operation for the next 12 months Our expenses for the twelve-month period beginning from January 1, 2023 are estimated to be approximately 60,000. With our working capital deficit of 55,403 as of December 31, 2022, we will need to raise additional capital to cover our expenses for this twelve-month period beginning from January 1, 2023. Estimated Expenses for the Twelve-Month Period Beginning January 1, 2023 Professional Fees 20,000 Marketing and Business Development 25,000 General Administrative 15,000 Total 60,000 We will continue to rely on equity sales of our common shares and funding from directors and shareholders in order to continue to fund our business operations. Issuances of additional shares will result in dilution to existing stockholders. There is no assurance that we will achieve any additional sales of the equity securities or arrange for debt or other financing to fund our operations and other activities. Going Concern We incurred a cumulative net loss of 104,277 during the period from inception to December 31, 2022. We have limited operations, raising substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We will seek additional sources of capital through the issuance of debt or equity financing, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in accomplishing our objectives. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on additional sources of capital and the growth of our business. Critical Accounting Policies Our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, and are included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk N/A. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data For the audit report of K. R. Margetson Ltd.., Chartered Professional Accountants, and our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, follow on pages F-1 through F-10. 6 Table of Contents STARK FOCUS GROUP, INC. Financial Statements For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Stated in US Dollars) 7 Table of Contents STARK FOCUS GROUP, INC. FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER, 2022 AND 2021 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PAGE Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-1 Balance Sheet F-2 Statement of Operations F-3 Statement of Change in Stockholders Deficit F-4 Statement of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to the Audited Financial Statements F-6 to F-10 8 Table of Contents K. R. MARGETSON LTD. Chartered Professional Accountant 331 East 5 th Street Tel: 604.220.7704 North Vancouver BC V7L 1M1 Fax: 1.855.603.3228 Canada REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID 1212) To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Stark Focus Group, Inc.: Opinion on the Financial Statements I have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Stark Focus Group, Inc. the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In my opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has limited operations and has sustained operating losses resulting in a deficit. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. My responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on my audits. I am a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and am required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. I conducted my audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that I plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor was I engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of my audit, I am required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, I express no such opinion. My audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. My audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. I believe that my audit provides a reasonable basis for my opinion. Critical audit matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way my opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and I am not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. I have determined that there are no critical audit matters to communicate in my auditor's report. I have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. /s/ March 22, 2023 PCAOB ID 1212 F-1 Table of Contents STARK FOCUS GROUP INC. Balance Sheet ASSETS December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Current Assets Prepaid Expenses TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Demand loan payable note 9 Current Liabilities Long term Liabilities Promissory note note 7 Total Liabilities Stockholders' Deficit Common stock, par value, shares authorized as of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Additional paid in capital Deficit Total Stockholders' Deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT The annexed notes form an integral part of these financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents STARK FOCUS GROUP INC. Statement of Operations For the For the year ended year ended December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Expenses Advertising and promotion Research and development General and Administrative Other Items Finance costs Gain on debt forgiveness Note 5 Gain on disposal of subsidiary Income / (loss) from operations Loss from discontinued operations Net Income/ (Loss) Basic and diluted earnings per share Weighted average number of common shares outstanding The annexed notes form an integral part of these financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents STARK FOCUS GROUP INC. Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit For the years ended December 31, 2022 Additional Common Stock Paid-in Retained Shares (#) Amount ) Capital ) Earnings ) Total ) Balance, December 31, 2020 Share cancellation Net profit - Balance, December 31, 2021 Net loss - Balance, December 31, 2022 The annexed notes form an integral part of these financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents STARK FOCUS GROUP INC. Statements of Cash Flows For the For the year ended year ended December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Finance cost Gain on debt forgiveness Gain on disposal of subsidiary Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses Accounts payable and accrued expenses Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from sale of subsidiary Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Advance from related party Promissory note from related party Loan from third party Share repurchase and cancelled Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash Cash at beginning of year Cash at end of year SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash paid during year for : Interest Income Taxes The annexed notes form an integral part of these financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents STARK FOCUS GROUP, INC. NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 interest of Common Design Limited of Hong Kong Common Design as its wholly owned subsidiary. Common Design is a start-up wholesale clothing supplier, established on April 10, 2019 in Hong Kong, specializing in the supply and trading of niche apparel for distribution to markets worldwide. With operating headquarter located in Hong Kong, Common Design designs, sources, and markets a diverse portfolio of dress up, casual and athletic apparel products to its global clients, while maintaining close relationships with its suppliers and manufacturers to ensure competitive pricing and quality management. On August 9, 2021, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement with to sell its shares of its wholly owned subsidiary, Common Design Limited of Hong Kong, for a consideration of Ten Thousand Hong Kong Dollars (HK .00). The shares represent all of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Design Limited. The transaction was consummated on September 9, 2021 (See Note 6). On July 18, 2022, the Company announced that it is entering the Drone / Unmanned Aerial Vehicles market with the launch of its new brand, RevoluDrones. On July 20, 2022, the Company purchased 10-month licenses for 4 patents to assist in its drone business. . Management does not believe that the company s current financial position is sufficient to cover the expenses they will incur during the next twelve months. This condition raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management anticipates that the Company will be dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses The Company intends to position itself so that it will be able to raise additional funds through the capital markets. In light of management s efforts, there are no assurances that the Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors or become financially viable and continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recovery or classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the company be unable to continue as going concern. F-6 Table of Contents b. Fair Value of Financial Instruments c. Earnings per Share d. Deconsolidation e. Revenue Recognition F-7 Table of Contents g. Income taxes h. Cancellation of common stock i. Foreign Currency Translation and Balances j. Recently Issued Accounting Guidance F-8 Table of Contents shares of its wholly owned subsidiary, Common Design Limited of Hong Kong, for a consideration of Ten Thousand Hong Kong Dollars (HK or (CAD ). The shares represent all of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Design Limited. The transaction was consummated on September 9, 2021. The Company recorded a gain of for the disposal of the subsidiary. A breakdown is as follows: Carrying value of investment - Carrying value of accounts of subsidiary at time of disposal Asset Liabilities Net gain on elimination of net liabilities Gain on disposal and deconsolidation As a result of the sale, operating results of Common Design Limited has been reclassified as discontinued operations. to assist in the development of its drone business. The Licenses were for a 10-month period and as at December 31, 2022, of the license costs were expensed. These licenses were financed through a promissory note from a related party (See Note 7). with a related party to finance the acquisition of patent licenses used in its drone business. The promissory note bears interest of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, interest expense of was recorded as finance cost. due to related parties was cancelled and recorded as gain on debt forgiveness. On July 20, 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note agreement with a related party company to finance patent license acquisitions (See Note 7.) . The loan is non-interest bearing and due upon demand. F-9 Table of Contents (CAD for common stock. On December 28, 2018, the Company closed a private placement and issued common stock for gross proceeds of (CAD ). On August 8, 2019, of these common stocks were cancelled due to the withdrawal of subscription, resulting in a reduction of (CAD in share equity. On February 28, 2019, the Company closed a private placement and issued common stock for gross proceeds of (CAD ). On September 27, 2019, the Company issued common stock to acquire interest of Common Design as its wholly owned subsidiary (See Note 6). On December 3, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a plan with certain shareholders of the Company to repurchase an aggregate of common shares for (CAD ). These shares were subsequently cancelled effective December 8, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, the company did not have any warrants or options outstanding. Statutory and effective tax rate Income tax expense (recovery) at the effective rate Permanent adjustment Tax benefit (liability) deferred Income tax expense (recovery) - - December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Tax losses carried forward Statutory and effective tax rate Deferred tax asset Valuation allowance Net deferred asset - - F-10 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure There were no disagreements related to accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, internal controls or auditing scope or procedure during the two fiscal years and interim periods. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our management evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Our management, with the participation of our president (our principal executive officer, principal accounting officer and principal financial officer), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our president (our principal executive officer, principal accounting officer and principal financial officer) has concluded that, as of the end of such period, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information that is required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our president (our principal executive officer and our principal accounting officer and principal financial officer), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our president (our principal executive officer and our principal accounting officer and principal financial officer), to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of our company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of our company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. Further, the evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting was made as of a specific date, and continued effectiveness in future periods is subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 9 Table of Contents Management has conducted, with the participation of our president (our principal executive officer and our principal accounting officer and principal financial officer), an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 in accordance with the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on present company activity. In the course of making our assessment, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This material weakness consisted of inadequate staffing and supervision within the bookkeeping and accounting operations of our company. The relatively small number of staffs who have bookkeeping and accounting functions prevents us from segregating duties within our internal control system. The inadequate segregation of duties is a weakness which could lead to the untimely identification and resolution of accounting and disclosure matters or could lead to a failure to perform timely and effective reviews. Our company is in the process of adopting specific internal control mechanisms with our board and officers collaboration to ensure effectiveness as we grow. We are presently engaging an outside consultant to assist in adopting new measures to improve upon our internal controls. Future controls, among other things, will include more checks and balances and communication strategies between the management and the board to ensure efficient and effective oversight over company activities as well as more stringent accounting policies to track and update our financial reporting. This annual report does not include an attestation report from our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only the management s report in this annual report. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. 10 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance All directors of our Company hold office until the next annual meeting of the security holders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The officers of our Company are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. Our directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration as such, are as follows: Name Position Held with the Company Age Date First Elected or Appointed Cao Zhi Fen President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 40 September 10, 2021 Business Experience The following is a brief account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of our directors and executive officers, indicating their principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization in which such occupation and employment were carried out. 11 Table of Contents Cao Zhi Fen President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director Ms. Cao attended the Guangdong University of Finance Economics and graduated in 2005 with a Bachelor Degree in Business. Since her graduation, Ms. Cao has had experience working both as an Accountant and Auditor in China Wuyige Certified Public Accountants LLP. Subsequently in 2012, Ms. Cao moved on to a managerial role in China HHT Huhuatong E-Marketing Agency. Ms. Cao has extensive experience with Internet Marketing channels and Sales. Significant Employees There are no individuals other than our executive officers who make a significant contribution to our business. Family Relationships There are no family relationships among directors and officers of the Company. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years, been involved in any civil or criminal proceedings. Other Directorships Our directors do not hold any other directorships in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act or subject to the requirements of section 15(d) of such Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Board of Directors and Director Nominees The Board will consider candidates for directors proposed by security holders, although no formal procedures for submitting candidates have been adopted. Unless otherwise determined, at any time not less than 90 days prior to the next annual Board meeting at which a slate of director nominees is adopted, the Board will accept written submissions from proposed nominees that include the name, address and telephone number of the proposed nominee; a brief statement of the nominee s qualifications to serve as a director; and a statement as to why the security holder submitting the proposed nominee believes that the nomination would be in the best interests of our security holders. If the proposed nominee is not the same person as the security holder submitting the name of the nominee, a letter from the nominee agreeing to the submission of his or her name for consideration should be provided at the time of submission. The letter should be accompanied by a r sum supporting the nominee s qualifications to serve on the Board, as well as a list of references. The Board identifies director nominees through a combination of referrals from different people, including management, existing Board members and security holders. Once a candidate has been identified, the Board reviews the individual s experience and background and may discuss the proposed nominee with the source of the recommendation. If the Board believes it to be appropriate, Board members may meet with the proposed nominee before making a final determination whether to include the proposed nominee as a member of the slate of director nominees submitted to security holders for election to the Board. Some of the factors which the Board considers when evaluating proposed nominees include their knowledge of and experience in business matters, finance, capital markets and mergers and acquisitions. The Board may request additional information from each candidate prior to reaching a determination, and it is under no obligation to formally respond to all recommendations, although as a matter of practice, it will endeavor to do so. 12 Table of Contents Board and Committee Meetings Our board of directors held no in person meetings during the year ended December 31, 2022. All proceedings of the board of directors were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by all the directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the directors. Such resolutions consented to in writing by the directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the directors are, according to the Nevada General Corporate Law and our Bylaws, as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was no standing nominating committee or committee performing similar functions for our company. Ms. Cao participates in the consideration of director nominees. Conflicts of Interest Our directors are not obligated to commit their full time and attention to our business and, accordingly, they may encounter a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and those of other businesses. In the course of their other business activities, they may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as other entities to which they owe a fiduciary duty. As a result, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. They may also in the future become affiliated with entities, engaged in business activities similar to those we intend to conduct. In general, officers and directors of a corporation are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and it would be unfair to the corporation and its stockholders not to bring the opportunity to the attention of the corporation. We plan to adopt a code of ethics that obligates our directors, officers and employees to disclose potential conflicts of interest and prohibits those persons from engaging in such transactions without our consent. Code of Ethics We have not adopted a code of ethics that applies to our officers, directors and employees. When we do adopt a code of ethics, we will disclose it in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Audit Committee We do not currently have an audit committee or a committee performing similar functions. The board of directors as a whole participates in the review of financial statements and disclosure. Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 our Directors and Officers have complied with all applicable Section 16(a) filing requirements. Item 11. Executive Compensation The following table shows for the fiscal years ending December 31, 2021, and 2020, the compensation awarded or paid by the Company to its executive officers. No executive officers of the Company had total salary and bonus exceeding 100,000 during such year. 13 Table of Contents SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensa- tion ) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensa- tion ) Total ) Cao Zhi Fen (1) 2022 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director 2021 Nil Nil Nil NIL Nil Nil NIL NIL (1) Cao Zhi Fen was appointed President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer and Director of our company on October 25, 2021. Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table There are no employment contracts, compensatory plans or arrangements, including payments to be received from our company with respect to any executive officer, that would result in payments to such person because of his or her resignation, retirement or other termination of employment with our company, or its subsidiaries, any change in control, or a change in the person s responsibilities following a change in control of our company. Options Grants During the Last Fiscal Year / Stock Option Plans We do not currently have a stock option plan in favor of any director, officer, consultant or employee of our company. No individual grants of stock options, whether or not in tandem with stock appreciation rights known as SARs or freestanding SARs have been made to any executive officer or director during the last fiscal year; accordingly, no stock options have been granted or exercised by any of the officers or directors during our last fiscal year. Aggregated Options Exercises in Last Fiscal Year No individual grants of stock options, whether or not in tandem with stock appreciation rights known as SARs or freestanding SARs have been made to any executive officer or any director during our last fiscal year; accordingly, no stock options have been granted or exercised by any of the officers or directors since during our last fiscal year. Long-Term Incentive Plans and Awards We do not have any long-term incentive plans that provide compensation intended to serve as incentive for performance. No individual grants or agreements regarding future payouts under non-stock price-based plans have been made to any executive officer or any director or any employee or consultant since our inception; accordingly, no future payouts under non-stock price-based plans or agreements have been granted or entered into or exercised by any of the officers or directors or employees or consultants since we were founded. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End No equity awards were outstanding as of the year ended December 31, 2022. 14 Table of Contents Compensation of Directors The members of our board of directors are not compensated by our Company for acting as such. Directors are reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred. There are no arrangements pursuant to which directors are or will be compensated in the future for any services provided as a director. We do not have any agreements for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors, although such directors are expected in the future to receive stock options to purchase shares of our common stock as awarded by our board of directors. We have determined that none of our directors are independent directors, as that term is used in Item 7(d)(3)(iv)(B) of Schedule 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended, and as defined by Rule 4200(a)(15) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. Long-Term Incentive Plan Awards We do not have any long-term incentive plans that provide compensation intended to serve as incentive for performance. Indebtedness of Directors, Senior Officers, Executive Officers and Other Management None of our directors or executive officers or any associate or affiliate of our company during the last two fiscal years, is or has been indebted to our company by way of guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently outstanding. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2021, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common shares by each shareholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common shares, as well as by each of our current directors and executive officers as a group. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) Percentage of Class Compass North Holdings Limited Unit E, 23/F, Tower 11, Metro City, Phase 2, Tseung Kwan O, Hong Kong 8,300,000 83.43 Directors and Executive Officers as a Group Nil 0 Notes: (1) As used in this table, beneficial ownership means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security, or the sole or share investment power with respect to a security (i.e., the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of a security). (2) The percentages are based on 9,948,330 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 15 Table of Contents Changes in Control We are unaware of any contract or other arrangement or provisions of our Articles or Bylaws the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of our company. There are not any provisions in our Articles or Bylaws, the operation of which would delay, defer, or prevent a change in control of our company. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence Except as disclosed below, there have been no transactions or proposed transactions in which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years in which any of our directors, executive officers or beneficial holders of more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock, or any of their respective relatives, spouses, associates or affiliates, has had or will have any direct or material indirect interest. As of December 31, 2022, we are obligated to a related party and a third party for loan and funds advanced to us for working capital. On July 20, 2022, we entered into a 1-year promissory note of 13,000 with a related party to finance the acquisition of patent licenses used in its drone business. The promissory note bears interest of 12 . For the year ended December 31, 2022, interest expense of 705 was recorded as finance cost. During the year, the Company secured a loan facility from an independent third party to provide working capital. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding amount of the loan was 47,665. The loan is non-interest bearing and due upon demand. As at the date of this Annual Report there are no written agreements between our company and Cao Zhi Fen regarding her respective consulting, officer, or director services to the company. Director Independence We currently act with one director. We do not have a director that would qualify as an independent director as defined by Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15). We do not have a standing audit, compensation or nominating committee, but our entire board of directors acts in such capacities. We believe that our board of directors is capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. The board of directors of our company does not believe that it is necessary to have a standing audit, compensation or nominating committee because we believe that the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by the board of directors. Additionally, we believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify as an audit committee financial expert would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances given the early stages of our development. 16 Table of Contents Indemnification Our Bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent not prohibited by Nevada law. The general effect of the foregoing is to indemnify a control person, officer or director from liability, thereby making us responsible for any expenses or damages incurred by such control person, officer or director in any action brought against them based on their conduct in such capacity, provided they did not engage in fraud or criminal activity. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers or control persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 and for fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2022 US December 31, 2021 US Audit Fees 5,000.00 (1) 5,000.00 Audit Related Fees Nil Nil Tax Fees 3,000.00 (1) 2,406.10 All Other Fees Nil Nil Total 8,000.00 (1) 7,406.10 (1) Estimate only. Our board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the board of directors before the respective services were rendered. Our board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors independence. 17 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules The following exhibits are included with this Report: Exhibit Number Description (3) Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 3.1 Articles of Incorporation (1). 3.2 Bylaws (1). (31) Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 31.1 Section 302 Certification under Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer (32) Section 1350 Certifications 32.1 Section 906 Certification under Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 101 Interactive Data Files 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data Files on Exhibit 101 hereto are deemed not filed or part of any registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections. (1) Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed March 12, 2020. 18 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. STARK FOCUS GROUP INC. Dated: March 22, 2023 By: /s/Cao Zhi Fen Cao Zhi Fen Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Dated: March 22, 2023 By: /s/Cao Zhi Fen Cao Zhi Fen Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 stark_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 stark_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Cao Zhi Fen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 22, 2022 /s/ Cao Zhi Fen Cao Zhi Fen Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 stark_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 stark_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Stark Focus Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mario Todd, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this certification as of the 22nd day of March, 2023. /s/ Cao Zhi Fen Cao Zhi Fen Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 stark-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 stark-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 stark-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 stark-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

