<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_65596_0001213900-23-024165.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10054968</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>217984</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1518095</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2471087</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2257564</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3123894</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024165.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329171735
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024165
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000065596
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS & FLOTATION COMPANIES [6211]
		IRS NUMBER:				111796714
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-05703
		FILM NUMBER:		23776182

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 WALL STREET
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-644-2400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 WALL STREET
		STREET 2:		25TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MICHAELS J INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950221

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024165.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 sieb-20221231.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

EDGAR HTML 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended: , TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ___________to ___________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Capital Market Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: NONE (Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES NO 

The aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (based upon the last sale price of the Common Stock reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022 ), was approximately . 

The number of shares of the registrant s outstanding Common Stock, as of March 20, 2023, was shares. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. 

INDEX 

PART I 

2 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

2 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

10 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

19 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

19 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

19 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

20 

PART II 

21 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

21 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSIONS AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

23 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

35 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

36 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

73 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

73 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

73 

PART III 

74 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

74 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

79 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

81 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

82 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

82 

PART IV 

83 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

83 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

86 

SIGNATURES 

87 

Forward-Looking Statements 

For purposes of this Annual Report on Form 10-K Report ), the terms Siebert, Company, we, us and our refer to Siebert Financial Corp., its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries collectively, unless the context otherwise requires. 

The statements contained throughout this Report, including any documents incorporated by reference, that are not historical facts, including statements about our beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words may, could, would, should, believe, expect, anticipate, plan, estimate, target, project, intend and similar words or expressions. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. 

These forward-looking statements, which reflect our beliefs, objectives, and expectations as of the date hereof, are based on the best judgement of management. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in such statements, including, without limitation, the following: economic, social and political conditions, global economic downturns resulting from extraordinary events; securities industry risks; interest rate risks; liquidity risks; credit risk with clients and counterparties; risk of liability for errors in clearing functions; systemic risk; systems failures, delays and capacity constraints; network security risks; competition; reliance on external service providers; new laws and regulations affecting our business; net capital requirements; extensive regulation, regulatory uncertainties and legal matters; failure to maintain relationships with employees, customers, business partners or governmental entities; the inability to achieve synergies or to implement integration plans and other consequences associated with risks and uncertainties detailed in Part I, Item 1A - Risk Factors of this Form 10-K as well as in our filings with the SEC. 

We caution that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive, and new factors may emerge, or changes to the foregoing factors may occur, that could impact our business. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by the federal securities laws. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 1 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview of Company 

Siebert Financial Corp., together with its subsidiaries, is a diversified financial services firm and provides a full range of brokerage and financial advisory services including securities brokerage, investment advisory and insurance offerings, and corporate stock plan administration solutions. Our firm is characterized by building solid relationships with our clients through exceptional personal service and proven performance. We have a strong legacy and continue to evolve in our approach to take advantage of ever-evolving opportunities in the financial services industry. 

We conduct the following lines of business through our wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries: 

Muriel Siebert Co., Inc. MSCO provides retail brokerage services. MSCO is a Delaware corporation and broker-dealer registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act and the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, and member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ), the Securities Investor Protection Corporation SIPC ), Euroclear, and the National Futures Association NFA ). 

Siebert AdvisorNXT, Inc. SNXT provides investment advisory services. SNXT is a New York corporation registered with the SEC as a Registered Investment Advisor RIA under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 Advisers Act ). 

Park Wilshire Companies, Inc. PW provides insurance services. PW is a Texas corporation and licensed insurance agency 

Siebert Technologies, LLC. STCH provides robo-advisory technology development. STCH is a Nevada limited liability company. 

RISE Financial Services, LLC, RISE is a Delaware limited liability company and a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and NFA. 

StockCross Digital Solutions, Ltd. STXD is an inactive subsidiary headquartered in Bermuda. 

For purposes of this Annual Report, the terms Siebert, Company, we, us and our refer to Siebert Financial Corp., MSCO, SNXT, PW, STCH, RISE, and STXD collectively, unless the context otherwise requires. 

Our headquarters are located at 535 Fifth Avenue, 4 th Floor, New York, NY 10017, with primary operations in New Jersey, Florida, and California. Our phone number is (212) 644-2400 and our Internet address is www.siebert.com. We have 12 branch offices throughout the U.S. and clients around the world. 

As of March 20, 2023, we had 117 full-time employees. Our common stock is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, and we file periodic reports with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and proxy and information statements on Schedule 14. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding companies that file documents electronically with the SEC. Our SEC filings are also available through our website at www.siebert.com, where investors are able to obtain copies of our public filings free of charge. Our common stock, par value .01 per share trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SIEB. 

Subsidiaries and Business Offerings 

Muriel Siebert Co., Inc. 

Overview 

MSCO has been providing online and traditional discount brokerage services to clients for over 50 years. MSCO was founded in 1967 by Muriel F. Mickie Siebert, a trailblazer who was the first woman to own a seat on the NYSE and the first to head one of its member firms. On May 1, 1975, after the federal government banned fixed commissions by brokers, Mickie broke barriers and declared MSCO a discount brokerage firm. 

In May 2022, MSCO received approval to expand its clearing services in the U.S. by acting as a correspondent clearing firm for institutional and online broker-dealers, registered investment advisors and other asset managers. Achieving this milestone strengthens our core competencies, diversifies our business, and reinforces our commitment as a strategic partner to our clients. 

Today, MSCO offers a wide range of products and services and is the primary subsidiary of Siebert. 

Products and Services 

Self-directed trading 

Market making and fixed income investments 

Stock borrow / stock loan 

Equity compensation plans (Siebert Corporate Services) 

Wealth management / financial advice 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 2 

Additional Information 

Brokerage and Related Services 

MSCO offers a wide selection of quality investment services, including broker assisted trades and free online self-service features such as real time quotes, market data, and trading tools. 

MSCO is a self-clearing broker-dealer and also clears with National Financial Services Corp. NFS ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of FMR, LLC. 

Securities Finance and Market Making 

We make markets in multiple exchanges and in over 2,000 equity securities and fixed income products. The client service offerings within our Market Making division have evolved with capital markets and different trading strategies. Our strengths include trading experience in domestic markets, enhanced liquidity, and the search for significant price improvement. The ability of our Market Making division to execute large orders continues to be a strategic advantage in supporting the growth of our Corporate Services division. 

We operate our Securities Finance Group, a division which consists primarily of our stock borrow / stock loan and related services. Our management team brings decades of securities finance experience and we have seen positive results in recent years and are committed to continue to expand our securities finance operations. 

Corporate Services 

We are dedicated to helping publicly traded companies and their employees manage their equity compensation plans. Corporate services is a key component of our business, and we leverage our technology partnerships to create a distinct advantage through FIX connection trading and real-time transaction reporting. Our corporate services offering primarily supports small and mid-cap public companies. 

Independent Retail Execution Services 

MSCO and its clearing firms monitor order flow in efforts to ensure that customers are getting the best possible trade executions. All equity orders are routed in a manner intended to afford MSCO s customers the most favorable terms on all orders. MSCO also offers customers execution services through various market centers for an additional fee, providing customers access to numerous market centers before and after regular market hours. Customers may buy or sell fixed income securities, municipal bonds, corporate bonds, mortgage-backed securities, government sponsored enterprises, unit investment trusts, mutual funds, certificates of deposit, and other securities. These transactions are serviced by MSCO s registered representatives. 

Retail Customer Service 

MSCO believes that its superior customer service enhances its ability to compete with larger brokerage firms and provides retail customers with personal service via access to dedicated customer service personnel for all of its products and services. Customer service personnel, located in MSCO s branch offices, are cross trained to assist with all clients needs for a reliable experience. MSCO uses a variety of customer relationship management systems that enables representatives in any location to review and respond to customers requests in a timely manner. 

Retirement Accounts 

MSCO offers customers a variety of self-directed retirement accounts. Each IRA, SEP IRA, ROTH IRA, and KEOGH account can be invested in a variety of qualified investments in a consolidated account. MSCO acts as its own custodian for retirement accounts and also utilizes NFS for IRA custody. MSCO offers self-directed retirement accounts and also has registered representatives dedicated to assisting clients in meeting their retirement goals. 

Customer Financing 

Customer margin accounts are carried whereby money is lent to customers for a portion of the market value of marginable securities held in the customer s account. Margin loans are collateralized by these securities. Customers also may sell securities short in a margin account, subject to minimum equity and applicable margin requirements, and the availability of such securities to be borrowed. In permitting customers to engage in margin financing, short sale or any other transaction, MSCO assumes the risk of its customers failure to meet their obligations in the event of adverse changes in the market affect the value of the margined securities positions. MSCO and NFS reserve the right to set margin requirements higher than those established by the Federal Reserve System. 

MSCO has established policies with respect to maximum purchase commitments for new customers or customers with inadequate collateral to support a requested purchase. When transactions occur outside normal guidelines, MSCO monitors accounts closely until their payment obligations are completed. If the customer does not meet the required commitments, MSCO takes steps to close out the position and minimize any loss. In the last five years, MSCO has not had any significant losses as a result of customers failing to meet commitments. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 3 

Information and Communications Systems 

MSCO relies heavily on its data technology platform and the platform provided by its clearing agents. These platforms offer interfaces to MSCO s clearing service providers computing systems where all customer account records are kept and are accessible through MSCO s data technology platform. MSCO s systems also utilize browser-based access and other types of data communications. MSCO s representatives use NFS systems, by way of MSCO s data technology platform, to perform daily operational functions which include trade entry, trade reporting, clearing-related activities, risk management and account maintenance. 

MSCO s data technology platform offers services used in direct relation to customer activities as well as support for corporate use. Some of these services include email and messaging, market data systems and third-party trading systems, business productivity tools and customer relationship management systems. MSCO s data network is designed with redundancies in case a significant business disruption occurs. 

To ensure reliability and to conform to regulatory requirements related to business continuity, MSCO maintains backup systems and backup data, leverages cloud-based technology, and has a full-time offsite disaster recovery site to ensure business continuity during a potential wide-spread disruption. However, despite the preventive and protective measures in place, in the event of a wide-spread disruption, MSCO s ability to satisfy the obligations to customers and other securities firms may be significantly hampered or completely disrupted. For more information regarding our business continuity plan, refer to the Business Continuity Statement on our website. 

We are consistently enhancing technology for both our customers as well as our internal operations. We are currently in the process of enhancing our retail trading platform to provide a seamless user experience for our customers and streamline our operations. 

Siebert AdvisorNXT, Inc. 

Overview 

SNXT offers customers our proprietary robo-advisory technology that utilizes trading algorithms initially developed by STCH to create our robo-advisor. This technology provides clients with cost-efficient, competitively priced, and automated wealth management solutions intended to maximize portfolio returns based on specific risk tolerance. The platform utilizes Nobel Prize-winning Modern Portfolio Theory MPT to create optimal portfolios for each client. We provide web-based tools to enable clients to monitor and interact with the robo-advisor s automated portfolio manager application. The robo-advisor selects low-cost, well-managed, exchange-traded funds ETFs and exchange-traded notes ETNs that represent the asset classes that provide clients the necessary risk-adjusted exposure given current market conditions. The robo-advisor continuously monitors and periodically rebalances portfolios to address changes in market and economic conditions. 

Products and Services 

Managed portfolios 

Separately managed accounts 

Park Wilshire Companies, Inc. 

Overview 

PW is a full-service insurance agency founded in 2010. Through PW our product offerings include various insurance products such as fixed annuities and property and casualty insurance. 

Products and Services 

Fixed annuities 

Personal insurance 

Property and casualty insurance 

Natural disaster insurance 

Life and disability 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 4 

Siebert Technologies, LLC 

Overview 

STCH is a technology company initially tasked with developing a robo-advisor platform. Through STCH, we expanded our products and services by offering a robo-advisor through SXNT, and we plan to use this subsidiary for future fintech opportunities and products and services. 

RISE Financial Services, LLC 

During 2021 and 2022, RISE Prime Services, LLC was a prime broker focused on providing institutional quality services to hedge funds and other institutional investors. 

Reorganization of RISE, Tigress, and Hedge Connection 

In 2021 and 2022, Siebert and RISE engaged in certain transactions with Tigress Holdings, LLC Tigress and Hedge Connection, Inc. Hedge Connection to exchange equity, cash, and respective leadership positions. Based upon the strategic direction of these ventures, management of the respective businesses decided to unwind the original transactions with Siebert, RISE, Hedge Connection and Tigress. See Note 3 Transactions with Tigress and Hedge Connection for further detail on these transactions. 

Siebert management is assessing the future strategic direction of RISE, taking into consideration current market conditions, demand trends, and resources. 

Competition 

We encounter significant competition from full-commission, online and discount brokerage firms, including zero commission firms, as well as from financial institutions, mutual fund sponsors, venture-backed technology and cryptocurrency firms, and other organizations. Although there has been consolidation in the industry in both the online and traditional brokerage business during recent years, we believe that additional competitors such as banks, insurance companies, providers of online financial and information services, and others will continue to be attracted to the brokerage industry. We compete with a wide variety of vendors of financial services for the same customers; however, our success in the financial services industry is a result of our high-quality customer service, responsiveness, products offered, and excellent executions. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 5 

Cybersecurity 

Cybersecurity presents significant challenges to the business community in general, as well as to the financial services industry. Increasingly, bad actors, both domestically and internationally, attempt to steal personal data and/or interrupt the normal functioning of businesses through accessing individuals and companies files and equipment connected to the internet. Recently, intruders have become increasingly sophisticated and use deceptive methods to steal funds and personally identifiable information which they either take for their own purposes, release to the internet, or hold for ransom. Regulators are increasingly requiring companies to provide more advanced levels of cybersecurity measures. We continue to maintain systems and ongoing planning measures to prevent any such attack from disrupting our services to clients as well as to prevent any loss of data concerning our clients, their financial affairs, and company-privileged information. We contract cybersecurity consultants as well as other vendors to oversee detection and defense from such attacks. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for more detail. 

Regulations 

Overview 

The securities industry in the U.S. is subject to extensive regulation under both federal and state laws. The SEC is the federal agency charged with administration of the federal securities laws. MSCO and RISE are registered as broker-dealers with the SEC. MSCO is a member of the NYSE and the FINRA. Much of the regulation of broker-dealers has been delegated to self-regulatory organizations SROs ), principally FINRA, which is MSCO s and RISE s primary regulator with respect to financial and operational compliance. These SROs adopt rules (subject to approval by the SEC) governing the industry and conduct periodic examinations of broker-dealers. Securities firms are also subject to regulation by state securities authorities in the states in which they do business. MSCO is registered as a broker-dealer in 50 states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico, and RISE is registered as a broker-dealer in 22 states and territories. These regulations affect our business operations and impose capital, client protection, and market conduct requirements. 

Conduct and Training 

The principal purpose of regulation and discipline of broker-dealers is the protection of customers and the securities markets. The regulations to which broker-dealers are subject cover all aspects of the securities business, including training of personnel, sales methods, trading practices among broker-dealers, uses and safekeeping of customers funds and securities, capital structure of securities firms, record keeping, fee arrangements, disclosure to clients, and the conduct of directors, officers and employees. Additional legislation, changes in rules promulgated by the SEC and by SROs or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules may directly affect the method of operation and profitability of broker-dealers. The SEC, SROs and state securities authorities may conduct administrative proceedings which can result in censure, fine, cease and desist orders or suspension or expulsion of a broker-dealer, its officers or its employees. 

Dodd-Frank Act of 2010 

As a result of the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in 2010 Dodd-Frank ), the adoption of implementing regulations by the federal regulatory agencies, as well as other recent regulatory reforms, we have experienced significant changes in the laws and regulations that apply to us, how we are regulated, and regulatory expectations in the areas of compliance, risk management, corporate governance, operations, capital and liquidity. 

Regulation Best Interest 

Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC was charged with considering whether broker-dealers should be subject to a standard of care similar to the fiduciary standard applicable to RIAs. In June 2019, the SEC adopted a package of rulemakings and interpretations related to the provision of advice by broker-dealers and investment advisers, including Regulation Best Interest and Form CRS. Among other things, Regulation Best Interest requires a broker-dealer to act in the best interest of a retail customer when making a recommendation to that customer of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities. Form CRS requires that broker-dealers and investment advisers provide retail investors with a brief summary document containing simple, easy-to-understand information about the nature of the relationship between the parties. Regulation Best Interest and Form CRS had a compliance date of June 30, 2020. 

Regulation Best Interest Rules have impacted the conduct of our business, especially with respect to our business with our retail clients. The need for enhanced documentation for recommendations of securities transactions to broker-dealer retail clients as well as the increased supervision of sales practices and transactions increased the amount of record-keeping and training for our sales staff. The related new rules and procedures have and may continue to bring increased costs associated with compliance and enhanced technology. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 6 

We operate pursuant to Regulation Best Interest Rules and as such, we conducted thorough training of all our employees with respect to the requirements of Regulation Best Interest. Additionally, we created the Regulation Best Interest Rule s required documents and completed each of the required mailings (both electronic and conventional) prior to the effective date. We believe that the changes made to our business processes resulted in compliance with these new requirements. As business continues to be conducted under the Regulation Best Interest Rules, it is likely that additional changes may be necessary. 

SIPC 

As a registered broker-dealer and FINRA member organization, MSCO is required by federal law to belong to the SIPC which provides, in the event of the liquidation of a broker-dealer, protection for securities held in customer accounts held by the firm of up to 500,000 per customer, subject to a limitation of 250,000 on claims for cash balances. SIPC is principally funded through assessments on registered broker-dealers. MSCO purchased 50 million additional account protection above SIPC coverage. Equities, bonds, mutual funds and money market funds are included at net asset value for purposes of SIPC protection and the additional protection. Neither SIPC protection nor the additional protection insures against fluctuations in the market value of securities. 

MSRB 

MSCO is also authorized by the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board MSRB to affect transactions in municipal securities on behalf of its customers and has obtained certain additional registrations with the SEC and state regulatory agencies necessary to permit it to engage in certain other activities incidental to its brokerage business. 

Margin Lending 

Margin lending activities are subject to limitations imposed by regulations of the Federal Reserve System and FINRA. In general, these regulations provide that, in the event of a significant decline in the value of securities collateralizing a margin account, we are required to obtain additional collateral from the borrower or liquidate securities positions. Margin lending arranged by MSCO through third parties is subject to the margin rules of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the NYSE. Under such rules, broker-dealers are limited in the amount they may lend in connection with certain purchases and short sales of securities and are also required to impose certain maintenance requirements on the amount of securities and cash held in margin accounts. In addition, those rules and rules of the Chicago Board Options Exchange govern the amount of margin customers must provide and maintain in writing uncovered options. 

Investment Advisers Act of 1940 

SNXT is registered with the SEC as an investment adviser pursuant to the Advisers Act. The Advisers Act, together with the SEC s regulations and interpretations thereunder, is a highly prescriptive regulatory statute. The SEC is authorized to institute proceedings and impose sanctions for violations of the Advisers Act, ranging from fines and censures to termination of an adviser s registration and, in the case of willful violations, can refer a matter to the Unites States Department of Justice for criminal prosecution. 

Under the Advisers Act, an investment adviser (whether or not registered under the Advisers Act) owes fiduciary duties to its clients. These duties impose standards, requirements and limitations on, among other things, trading for proprietary, personal and client accounts; allocations of investment opportunities among clients; use of soft dollar arrangements, a practice that involves using client brokerage commissions to purchase research or other services that help managers make investment decisions; execution of transactions; and recommendations to clients. 

As an RIA, SNXT is subject to additional requirements that cover, among other things, disclosure of information about its business to clients; maintenance of written policies and procedures; maintenance of extensive books and records; restrictions on the types of fees SNXT may charge; custody of client assets; client privacy; advertising; and solicitation of clients. The SEC has legal authority to inspect any investment adviser and typically inspects a RIA periodically to determine whether the adviser is conducting its activities in compliance with (i) applicable laws and regulations, (ii) disclosures made to clients and (iii) adequate systems, policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent and detect violations. 

Section 28(e) of the Exchange Act provides a safe harbor to investment managers who use commission dollars generated by their advised accounts to obtain investment research and brokerage services that provide lawful and appropriate assistance to the manager in the performance of investment decision-making responsibilities. SNXT, as a matter of policy, does not use soft dollars and as such, it has no incentive to select or recommend a broker or dealer based on any interest in receiving research or related services. Rather, as a fiduciary, SNXT selects brokers based on its clients interests in receiving best execution. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 7 

Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 

We conduct financial services activities that are subject to the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 BSA ), as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 PATRIOT Act ), which require financial institutions to develop and implement programs reasonably designed to achieve compliance with these regulations. The BSA and PATRIOT Act include a variety of monitoring, recordkeeping, and reporting requirements (such as currency transaction reporting and suspicious activity reporting) as well as identity verification and client due diligence requirements, which are intended to detect, report and/or prevent money laundering, and the financing of terrorism. In addition, we are subject to U.S. sanctions programs administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. 

Net Capital 

As registered broker-dealers, MSCO and RISE are subject to the requirements of the Exchange Act relating to broker-dealers such as minimum net capital requirements under the SEC Uniform Net Capital Rule (Rule 15c3-1) and segregation of fully paid client funds and securities under the SEC Customer Protection Rule (Rule 15c3-3), administered by the SEC and FINRA. 

Net capital rules are designed to protect clients, counterparties and creditors by requiring a broker-dealer to have sufficient liquid resources available to satisfy its financial obligations. Net capital is a measure of a broker-dealer s readily available liquid assets, reduced by its total liabilities other than approved subordinated debt. Under the SEC Uniform Net Capital Rule, a broker-dealer may not repay any subordinated borrowings, pay cash dividends or make any unsecured advances or loans to its parent company or employees if such payment would result in a net capital amount below required levels. Failure to maintain the required regulatory net capital may subject a firm to suspension or expulsion by the NYSE or FINRA, as well as certain punitive actions by the SEC and other regulatory bodies, which ultimately could require a firm s liquidation. 

Best Execution 

As explained in SEC guidelines and FINRA rules, brokers are required to seek the best execution reasonably available for their clients orders. In part, this requires brokers to use reasonable diligence so that the price to the client is as favorable as possible under prevailing market conditions. MSCO and RISE send client orders to a number of market centers, including market makers and exchanges, which encourages competition and ensures redundancy. For non-directed client orders, it is our policy to route orders to market centers based on a number of factors that are more fully discussed in the Supplemental Materials of FINRA Rule 5310, including, where applicable, but not necessarily limited to, speed of execution, price improvement opportunities, differences in price dis-improvement, likelihood of executions, the marketability of the order, size guarantees, service levels and support, the reliability of order handling systems, client needs and expectations, transaction costs, and whether the firm will receive remuneration for routing order flow to such market centers. Price improvement is available under certain market conditions and for certain order types and we regularly monitor executions to ensure best execution standards are met. 

Consumer Financial Information Privacy 

In providing services to clients, we manage, utilize and store sensitive and confidential client data, including personal data. As a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as U.S. federal and state laws governing the protection of personally identifiable information. These laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently and sometimes conflict. To the extent they are applicable to us, we must comply with federal and state information-related laws and regulations in the United States, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, SEC Regulation S-P, the Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, and Regulation S-ID, as well as the California Consumer Protection Act and further potential federal and state requirements. 

Human Capital 

Our success depends on our ability to attract, hire, retain and develop highly skilled professionals in a variety of specialties, including finance, technology, compliance, business development, cybersecurity and management. Due to the complexity of our business, we compete for talent with other companies, both inside and outside of our industry, and in multiple geographical areas in the U.S. 

Our human capital efforts focus on establishing a culture of service that emphasizes taking care of our employees, so they can take care of our clients. To that end, we seek employees who are approachable, proactive, collaborative, agile and innovative, and who share our commitment to excellence, integrity, and service. As of March 20, 2023, we had 117 employees, one of whom was a corporate officer. None of our employees are represented by a union, and we believe that relations with our employees are good. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 8 

To maintain a high-caliber, values-driven workforce that is committed to our culture, we strive to offer total rewards, including compensation and benefits that position our company as an employer of choice. We design our compensation to be competitive in the markets in which we compete, and closely monitor industry trends and practices to ensure we are able to attract and retain the personnel who are critical to our success. To support our employees health and well-being, we offer competitive medical, dental and vision plans as well as other health benefits. 

We believe in our employees potential and provide training and development opportunities intended to maximize their performance and professional growth. We require all of our employees to complete courses in key regulatory areas, such as insider trading and anti-money laundering compliance. 

We aim to provide a safe, inclusive environment for our employees, where they feel engaged in our business, supported in who they are and empowered to succeed. We are committed to providing a workplace that is free from violence, harassment and other unsafe or disruptive conditions, and require our personnel to attend regular training sessions and workshops on those topics. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 9 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Regulatory Risks 

Legislation has and may continue to result in changes to rules and regulations applicable to our business, which may negatively impact our business and financial results. 

New laws, rules, regulations and guidance, or changes in the interpretation and enforcement of existing federal, state, foreign and SRO laws, rules, regulations and guidance may directly affect our business and the profitability of Siebert or the operation of specific business lines. In addition, new and changing laws, rules, regulation and guidance could result in limitations on the lines of business we conduct, modifications to our business practices, more stringent capital and liquidity requirements or other costs and could limit our ability to return capital to stockholders. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act"), enacted in 2010, required many federal agencies to adopt new rules and regulations applicable to the financial services industry and called for many studies regarding various industry practices. In particular, the Dodd-Frank Act gave the SEC discretion to adopt rules regarding standards of conduct for broker-dealers providing investment advice to retail customers. 

The rules and interpretations adopted by the SEC in June 2019 include Regulation Best Interest and the new Form CRS Relationship Summary, which are intended to enhance the quality and transparency of retail investors' relationships with broker-dealers and investment advisers. Regulation Best Interest enhances the broker-dealer standard of conduct beyond existing suitability obligations, requiring compliance with disclosure, care, conflict of interest and compliance obligations. The regulation requires that a broker-dealer or natural person who is an associated person of the broker-dealer shall act in the best interest of the retail customer at the time it makes a recommendation of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities, prioritizing the interests of the customer above any interests of the broker-dealer or its associated persons. Among other things, this requires the broker-dealer to mitigate conflicts of interest arising from financial incentives in selling securities products. 

The new rules and processes related thereto have and will most likely continue to involve increased costs, including, but not limited to, compliance costs associated with new or enhanced technology. In addition to the foregoing laws affecting regulation of our industry, Congress is considering various proposals to increase taxation relating to investments, which may adversely impact the volume of trading and other transactions from which we derive our revenue. 

It is not possible to determine the extent of the impact of any new laws, regulations or initiatives that may be imposed, or whether any existing proposals will become law. Conformance with any new laws or regulations could make compliance more difficult and expensive and affect the manner in which we conduct business. 

We are subject to extensive government regulation and to third party litigation risk and regulatory risk which could result in significant liabilities and reputational harm which, in turn, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our business is subject to extensive regulation in the U.S., at both the federal and state level. We are also subject to regulation by SROs and other regulatory bodies in the U.S., such as the SEC, the NYSE, FINRA, MSRB, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC and the NFA. MSCO is registered as a broker-dealer in 50 states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico, and RISE is registered as a broker-dealer in 22 states and territories. The regulations to which MSCO and RISE are subject as broker-dealers cover all aspects of the securities business including training of personnel, sales methods, trading practices, uses and safe keeping of customers funds and securities, capital structure, record keeping, fee arrangements, disclosure and the conduct of directors, officers and employees. 

SNXT is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC under the Advisers Act, and its business is highly regulated. The Advisers Act imposes numerous obligations on RIAs, including fiduciary, record keeping, operational and disclosure obligations. Moreover, the Advisers Act grants broad administrative powers to regulatory agencies such as the SEC to regulate investment advisory businesses. If the SEC or other government agencies believe that SNXT has failed to comply with applicable laws or regulations, these agencies have the power to impose fines, suspensions of a registrant and individual employees or other sanctions, which could include revocation of SNXT s registration under the Advisers Act. SNXT is also subject to the provisions and regulations of ERISA, to the extent that SNXT acts as a fiduciary under ERISA with respect to certain of its clients. ERISA and the applicable provisions of the federal tax laws impose a number of duties on persons who are fiduciaries under ERISA and prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of each ERISA plan which is a client, as well as certain transactions by the fiduciaries (and certain other related parties) to such plans. Our subsidiaries, RISE and MSCO, are also regulated by the National Futures Association NFA and function as a registered introducing broker. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 10 

The laws, rules and regulations, as well as governmental policies and accounting principles, governing our business and the financial services and banking industries generally have changed significantly over recent years and are expected to continue to do so. We cannot predict which changes in laws, rules, regulations, governmental policies or accounting principles will be adopted. Any changes in the laws, rules, regulations, governmental policies or accounting principles relating to our business could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Additionally, like other participants in the financial services industry, we and our subsidiaries face the risks of lawsuits by clients and risks of regulatory proceeding against us. The outcome of regulatory proceedings and client lawsuits is uncertain and difficult to predict. An adverse resolution of any regulatory proceeding or client lawsuit against us could result in substantial costs or reputational harm to us. Further, adverse proceedings could have an adverse effect on our ability to retain key registered representatives, investment advisers and wealth managers, and to retain existing clients or attract new clients, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Refer to Item 3 Legal Proceedings for additional detail. 

We are subject to net capital requirements. 

The SEC, FINRA, and various other securities and commodities exchanges and other regulatory bodies in the U.S. have rules with respect to net capital requirements which affect us. These rules have the effect of requiring that at least a substantial portion of a broker-dealer s assets be kept in cash or highly liquid investments. Our compliance with the net capital requirements could limit operations that require intensive use of capital, such as underwriting or trading activities. These rules could also restrict our ability to withdraw our capital, even in circumstances where we have more than the minimum amount of required capital, which, in turn, could limit our ability to implement growth strategies. In addition, a change in such rules, or the imposition of new rules, affecting the scope, coverage, calculation or amount of such net capital requirements, or a significant operating loss or any unusually large charge against net capital, could have similar adverse effects. 

Risks Related to Our Technology and Information Systems 

We rely on information processing and communications systems to process and record our transactions. 

Our operations rely heavily on information processing and communications systems. Our system for processing securities transactions is highly automated. Failure of our information processing or communications systems for a significant period of time could limit our ability to process a large volume of transactions accurately and rapidly. This could cause us to be unable to satisfy our obligations to customers and other securities firms and could result in regulatory violations. External events, such as an earthquake, terrorist attack or power failure, loss of external information feeds, such as security price information, as well as internal malfunctions such as those that could occur during the implementation of system modifications, could render part or all of these systems inoperative. 

We rely on third-party platforms for information and communications systems. 

We rely heavily on our data technology platforms and the platforms provided by our clearing agents. These platforms offer interfaces to our clearing service providers computing systems where customer account records are kept and are accessible through our data technology platforms. Our systems also utilize browser-based access and other types of data communications. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 11 

Our data technology platforms offer services used in direct relation to customer activities as well as support for corporate use. Some of these services include email and messaging, market data systems and third-party trading systems, business productivity tools and customer relationship management systems. Our data network is designed with redundancies in case a significant business disruption occurs. 

We also rely on third parties that provide data center facilities, infrastructure, back-office systems for clearance, settlement and accounting, customer relationship management, compliance and risk software and systems, website functionality and access, databases, data center facilities and cloud computing, all of which are critical to our operations. To ensure reliability and to conform to regulatory requirements related to business continuity, we maintain backup systems and backup data, leverage cloud-based technology, and have a full-time offsite disaster recovery site to ensure business continuity during a potential wide-spread disruption. However, despite the preventive and protective measures in place, in the event of a wide-spread disruption of our systems or those of the third-parties upon whom we rely, our ability to satisfy the obligations to customers and other securities firms may be significantly hampered or completely disrupted. 

Failure to protect client data or prevent breaches of our information systems could expose us to liability or reputational damage. 

We are dependent on information technology networks and systems to securely process, transmit and store electronic information and to communicate among our branch offices and with our clients and vendors. As the breadth and complexity of this infrastructure continues to grow, the potential risk of security breaches and cyber-attacks increases. As a financial services company, we are continuously subject to cyber-attacks by third parties. Any such security breach could lead to shutdowns or disruptions of our systems and potential unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, vulnerabilities of our external service providers and other third parties could pose security risks to client information. The secure transmission of confidential information over public networks is also a critical element of our operations. 

In providing services to clients, we manage, utilize and store sensitive and confidential client data, including personal data. As a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as U.S. federal and state laws governing the protection of personally identifiable information. These laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently and sometimes conflict. If any person, including any of our employees, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to client data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose clients. Similarly, unauthorized access to or through our information systems, whether by our employees or third parties, including a cyber-attack by third parties who may deploy viruses, worms or other malicious software programs, could result in negative publicity, significant remediation costs, legal liability, and damage to our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, our liability insurance might not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyber-attacks and other related breaches. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 12 

We may be exposed to damage to our business or our reputation by cybersecurity breaches. 

As the world becomes more interconnected through the use of the internet and users rely more extensively on the internet and the cloud for the transmission and storage of data, such information becomes more susceptible to incursion by hackers and other parties intent on stealing or destroying data on which we or our customers rely. We face an evolving landscape of cybersecurity threats in which hackers use a complex array of means to perpetrate cyber-attacks, including the use of stolen access credentials, malware, ransomware, phishing, structured query language injection attacks, and distributed denial-of-service attacks, among other means. These cybersecurity incidents have increased in number and severity and it is expected that these trends will continue. Should we be affected by such an incident, we may incur substantial costs and suffer other negative consequences, which may include: 

Remediation costs, such as liability for stolen assets or information, repairs of system damage, and incentives to customers or business partners in an effort to maintain relationships after an attack; 

Increased cybersecurity protection costs, which may include the costs of making organizational changes, deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees, and engaging third party experts and consultants; 

Lost revenues resulting from the unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract customers following an attack; 

Litigation and legal risks, including regulatory actions by state and federal regulators; and 

Loss of reputation. 

Increasingly, intruders attempt to steal significant amounts of data, including personally identifiable data and either hold such data for ransom or release it onto the internet, exposing our clients to financial or other harm and thereby significantly increasing our liability in such cases. Our regulators have introduced programs to review our protections against such incidents which, if they determined that our systems do not reasonably protect our clients assets and their data, could result in enforcement activity and sanctions. 

We have and continue to introduce systems and software to prevent any such incidents and review and increase our defenses to such issues through the use of various services, programs and outside vendors. We contract cybersecurity consultants and also review and revise our cybersecurity policy to ensure that it remains up to date. In the event that we experience a material cybersecurity incident or identify a material cybersecurity threat, we will make all reasonable efforts to properly disclose it in a timely fashion. It is impossible, however, for us to know when or if such incidents may arise or the business impact of any such incident. 

As a result of such risks, we have and are likely to incur significant costs in preparing our infrastructure and maintaining it to resist any such attacks. 

An increase in volume on our systems or other events could cause them to malfunction. 

Most of our trade orders are received and processed electronically. This method of trading is heavily dependent on the integrity of the electronic systems supporting it. While we have never experienced a significant failure of our trading systems, heavy stress placed on our systems during peak trading times could cause our systems to operate at unacceptably low speeds or fail altogether. Any significant degradation or failure of our systems or the systems of third parties involved in the trading process (e.g., online and internet service providers, record keeping and data processing functions performed by third parties, and third party software), even for a short time, could cause customers to suffer delays in trading. These delays could cause substantial losses for customers and could subject us to claims from these customers for losses. There can be no assurance that our network structure will operate appropriately in the event of a subsystem, component or software failure. In addition, we cannot assure that we will be able to prevent an extended systems failure in the event of a power or telecommunications failure, an earthquake, terrorist attack, fire or any act of God. Any systems failure that causes interruptions in our operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Rapid market or technological changes may render our technology obsolete or decrease the attractiveness of our products and services to our clients. 

We must continue to enhance and improve our technology and electronic services. The electronic financial services industry is characterized by significant structural changes, increasingly complex systems and infrastructures, changes in clients needs and preferences, and new business models. If new industry standards and practices emerge and our competitors release new technology before us, our existing technology, systems and electronic trading services may become obsolete or our existing business may be harmed. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 13 

Our future success will depend on our ability to: 

Enhance our existing products and services; 

Develop and/or license new products and technologies that address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our clients and prospective clients; 

Continue to attract highly-skilled technology personnel; and 

Respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. 

Developing our electronic services, our implementation and utilization of our robo-advisor and other technology entails significant technical and business risks. We may use new technologies ineffectively or we may fail to adapt our electronic trading platform, information databases and network infrastructure to client requirements or emerging industry standards. If we face material delays in introducing new services, products and enhancements, our clients may forego the use of our products and use those of our competitors. 

Further, the adoption of new internet, networking or telecommunications technologies may require us to devote substantial resources to modify and adapt our services. We cannot assure that we will be able to successfully implement new technologies or adapt our proprietary technology and transaction-processing systems to client requirements or emerging industry standards. We cannot assure that we will be able to respond in a timely manner to changing market conditions or client requirements. 

Risks Related to Our Business Operations 

Potential strategic acquisitions and other business growth could increase costs and regulatory and integration risks. 

Acquisitions involve risks that could adversely affect our business. We may pursue acquisitions of businesses and technologies. Acquisitions and other transactions entail numerous risks, including: 

Difficulties in the integration of acquired operations, services and products; 

Failure to achieve expected synergies; 

Diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; 

Assumption of unknown material liabilities of acquired companies; 

Amortization of acquired intangible assets, which could reduce future reported earnings; 

Potential loss of clients or key employees of acquired companies; and 

Dilution to existing stockholders. 

As part of our growth strategy, we regularly consider and from time to time engage in discussions and negotiations regarding transactions such as acquisitions, mergers, combinations and partnerships within our industry. The purchase price for possible acquisitions could be paid in cash, through the issuance of our common stock or other securities, borrowings or a combination of these methods. 

Our transactions are typically subject to closing conditions including regulatory approvals and the absence of material adverse changes in the business, operations or financial condition of the entity or part of an entity being acquired or sold. To the extent we enter into an agreement to buy or sell an entity or part of an entity, there can be no guarantee that the transaction will close when expected or at all. If a material transaction does not close our stock price could decline. 

We cannot be certain that we will be able to identify, consummate and successfully integrate acquisitions, and no assurance can be given with respect to the timing, likelihood or business effect of any possible transaction. For example, we could begin negotiations that we subsequently decide to suspend or terminate for a variety of reasons. However, opportunities may arise that we will evaluate and any transactions that we consummate would involve risks and uncertainties to us. These risks could cause the failure of any anticipated benefits of an acquisition to be realized, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

In addition, management is assessing the future strategic direction of RISE, taking into consideration current market conditions, demand trends, and resources. While we believe our expertise and industry relationships will enable us to execute a new strategic direction, our business plan for RISE is untested, and it is uncertain whether our efforts will attract the customers and revenue necessary to compete in the market. 

We may be unable to realize the anticipated benefits of our cost cutting efforts or it may take longer than anticipated for us to realize any benefits from increased cost efficiencies or economies of scale, if at all. 

Our realization of the benefits anticipated as a result of cost cutting efforts and other business efforts and changes will depend in part on the ability of our management team to implement our business plan. We cannot assure shareholders that there will not be substantial costs associated with these activities or other negative consequences as a result of these changes. These effects include, but are not limited to, incurring unexpected costs or delays in connection with implementation of a modified business model, or the failure of our business to perform as expected, which could harm our results of operations. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 14 

We depend on our ability to attract and retain key personnel. 

We are dependent upon our key personnel for our success and the loss of the services of any of these individuals could significantly harm our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Our customers may fail to pay us. 

A principal credit risk to which we are exposed on a regular basis is that our customers may fail to pay for their purchases or fail to maintain the minimum required collateral for amounts borrowed against securities positions maintained by them. We cannot assure that our practices and/or the policies and procedures we have established will be adequate to prevent a significant credit loss. 

Our advisory services subject us to additional risks. 

We provide investment advisory services to investors. Through our RIA, SNXT, we offer robo-advisory and investment services. The risks associated with these investment advisory activities include those arising from possible conflicts of interest, unsuitable investment recommendations, inadequate due diligence, inadequate disclosure and fraud. Realization of these risks could lead to liability for client losses, regulatory fines, civil penalties and harm to our reputation and business. 

Certain employees, directors and affiliates of RISE and Siebert own equity in RISE Financial Services, LLC 

From January 31, 2022 to the date of this Report, RISE issued and Siebert sold membership interests in RISE to certain employees, directors, and affiliates of RISE and Siebert ranging from 1 to 2 individually. This amount represented, as of the date of this Report, an aggregate of 7 of the total issued and outstanding membership interests in RISE. As of the date of this Report, Gloria E. Gebbia owns approximately 25 of RISE. As a result, the interests of the employees, directors, and affiliates of RISE and Siebert who own equity in RISE may differ from the interests of shareholders of Siebert. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

There may be a limited public market for our common stock; Volatility. 

13,198,585 shares of our common stock, or approximately 41 of our shares of our common stock outstanding, are currently held by non-affiliates as of March 20, 2023. A stock with a small number of shares held by non-affiliates, known as the float, will generally be more volatile than a stock with a large float. Although our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market, there can be no assurance that an active public market will continue. 

Our principal shareholder has the ability to control key decisions submitted to a vote of our shareholders. 

Gloria E. Gebbia, who is a director of Siebert and the managing member of Kennedy Cabot Acquisition, LLC KCA ), has, along with other family members, the power to elect the entire Board of Directors and, except as otherwise provided by law or our Certificate of Incorporation or by-laws, to approve any action requiring shareholder approval without a shareholders meeting. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 15 

Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult for investors to sell common stock at a time and price that investors deem appropriate. 

In addition, on February 18, 2022, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that was declared effective on March 2, 2022 by the SEC for the potential offering, issuance and sale by us of up to 100.0 million, subject to certain limitations, of our common stock, preferred stock, warrants to purchase our common Stock and/or preferred stock, units consisting of all or some of these securities and subscription rights to purchase all or some of these securities. If we sell our common stock, preferred stock, convertible securities and other equity securities in other transactions pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3, existing investors may be materially diluted by such subsequent sales, new investors could gain rights superior to our existing shareholders and the market price of our common stock may drop significantly. 

The price of our common stock in the public markets has experienced, and may in the future experience, extreme volatility due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

Since our common stock started trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market, our common stock has been relatively thinly traded and at times been subject to price volatility. The average daily trading volume from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 was approximately 25,010 shares. 

We believe that the trading price of our common stock has at times been influenced by trading factors other than industry or Company-specific fundamentals, including, without limitation, the sentiment of retail investors (including as may be expressed on financial trading and other social media sites), speculation in the press, in the investment community, or on the internet, including on online forums and social media, about Siebert, our industry or our security s access to margin debt, trading in options and other derivatives on our common stock, and the amount and status of short interest in our securities (including a short squeeze ). A short squeeze is a technical market condition that occurs when the price of a stock increases substantially, forcing market participants who had taken a position that its price would fall (i.e., who had sold the stock short ), to buy it, which in turn may create significant, short-term demand for the stock not for fundamental reasons, but rather due to the need for such market participants to acquire the stock in order to forestall the risk of even greater losses. A short squeeze condition in the market for a stock can lead to short-term conditions involving very high volatility and trading that may or may not track fundamental valuation models. 

As a result of the foregoing, investors in our common stock may be subject to the risk of significant, short-term price volatility of our common stock and the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Further, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. If any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and a distraction to management. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 16 

Our future ability to pay dividends to holders of our common stock is subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be limited by our ability to generate sufficient earnings and cash flows. 

Payment of future cash dividends on our common stock will depend on our ability to generate earnings and cash flows. However, sufficient cash may not be available to pay such dividends. Payment of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon a number of factors that the Board of Directors deems relevant, including future earnings, the success of our business activities, capital requirements, the general financial condition and future prospects of our business and general business conditions. If we are unable to generate sufficient earnings and cash flows from our business, we may not be able to pay dividends on our common stock. 

Our ability to pay cash dividends on our common stock is also dependent on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or capital distributions to Siebert. MSCO and RISE are subject to various regulatory requirements relating to liquidity, capital standards and the use of client funds and securities, which may limit funds available for payments to Siebert. The ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or capital distributions to Siebert may also be subject to regulatory approval. 

Risks Related to Our Industry and Market 

Securities market volatility and other securities industry risk could adversely affect our business. 

Most of our revenues are derived from our securities brokerage business. Like other businesses operating in the securities industry, our business is directly affected by volatile trading markets, fluctuations in the volume of market activity, economic and political conditions, upward and downward trends in business and finance at large, legislation and regulation affecting the national and international business and financial communities, currency values, inflation, market conditions, the availability and cost of short-term or long-term funding and capital, the credit capacity or perceived credit-worthiness of the securities industry in the marketplace and the level and volatility of interest rates. We also face risks relating to losses resulting from the ownership of securities, counterparty failure to meet commitments, customer fraud, employee fraud, issuer fraud, errors and misconduct, failures in connection with the processing of securities transactions and litigation. A reduction in our revenues or a loss resulting from our ownership of securities or sales or trading of securities could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, as a result of these risks, our revenues and operating results may be subject to significant fluctuations from quarter to quarter and from year to year. 

Interest rate changes could affect our profitability. 

The direction and level of interest rates are important factors in our earnings. Our earnings are affected by the difference between the interest rates earned on interest-earning assets such as loans and investment securities and interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowings. Increases in interest rates positively impact our revenue from margin and other interest income, and distribution fees received from money market securities. 

As the U.S. economy recovers, aided by stimulus packages and fiscal and monetary policies, inflation has been rising at historically high rates, and the Federal Reserve has signaled that it will continue increasing the target federal funds effective rate. Although we believe we may benefit from a rising interest rate environment, a rise in interest rates may cause our funding costs to increase if market conditions or the competitive environment induces us to raise our interest rates to avoid losing deposits, or replace deposits with higher cost funding sources without offsetting increases in yields on interest-earning assets which can reduce our interest revenue. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 17 

A prolonged economic slowdown, volatility in the markets, a recession, and uncertainty in the markets could impair our business and harm our operating results. 

Our businesses are, and will continue to be, susceptible to economic slowdowns, recessions and volatility in the markets, which may lead to financial losses for our customers, and a decrease in revenues and operating results. In addition, global macroeconomic conditions and U.S. financial markets remain vulnerable to the potential risks posed by exogenous shocks, which could include, among other things, political and financial uncertainty in the U.S. and the European Union, renewed concern about China s economy, conflict with Russia and Ukraine, complications involving terrorism and armed conflicts around the world, or other challenges to global trade or travel, such as might occur in the event of a wider pandemic involving COVID-19. More generally, because our business is closely correlated to the macroeconomic outlook, a significant deterioration in that outlook or an exogenous shock would likely have an immediate negative impact on our overall results of operations. 

There is intense competition in the brokerage industry. 

We encounter significant competition from full-commission, no commission, online and other discount brokerage firms, as well as from financial institutions, mutual fund sponsors, venture-backed technology and cryptocurrency firms, and other organizations. Over the past several years, price wars and lower or no commission rates in the discount brokerage business in general have strengthened our competitors. In addition, while the decline of commissions has been ongoing for decades, some of our competitors charging zero commissions on trades could potentially have an adverse effect on our commission revenue. 

The securities brokerage industry has experienced significant consolidation, which may continue in the future, likely increasing competitive pressures in the industry. Consolidation could enable other firms to offer a broader range of products and services than we do, or offer them on better terms, such as higher interest rates paid on cash held in client accounts. We believe that such changes in the industry will continue to strengthen existing competitors and attract additional competitors such as banks, insurance companies, providers of online financial and information services, and others. Many of these competitors are larger, more diversified, have greater capital resources, and offer a wider range of services and financial products than we do. We compete with a wide variety of vendors of financial services for the same customers. Many of these competitors conduct extensive marketing campaigns and may have or achieve exceptional market name recognition. We may not be able to compete effectively with current or future competitors with stronger capital position, greater name recognition or who partner or combine with other larger firms. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 18 

Some competitors in the discount brokerage business offer services which we may not offer. In addition, some competitors have continued to offer flat rate execution fees that are lower than some of our published rates. Industry-wide changes in trading practices are expected to cause continuing pressure on fees earned by discount brokers for the sale of order flow. Continued or increased competition from ultra-low cost, flat-fee brokers and broader service offerings from other discount brokers could limit our growth or lead to a decline in our customer base which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, if we are not able to update or adapt our products and services to take advantage of the latest technologies and standards, or are otherwise unable to offer services to mobile and desktop computing platforms to a growing self-directed investor market, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete. 

Lower price levels in the securities markets may reduce our profitability. 

Lower price levels of securities may result in (i) reduced volumes of securities, options and futures transactions, with a consequent reduction in our commission revenues, and (ii) losses from declines in the market value of securities we hold in investment. In periods of low volume, our levels of profitability are further adversely affected because certain of our expenses remain relatively fixed. Sudden sharp declines in market values of securities and the failure of issuers and counterparties to perform their obligations can result in illiquid markets which, in turn, may result in us having difficulty selling securities. Such negative market conditions, if prolonged, may lower our revenues. A reduction in our revenues could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We currently maintain 12 branch offices and customers can visit our branch offices to obtain market information, place orders, open accounts, deliver and receive checks and securities, and obtain related customer services in person. Nevertheless, most of our activities are conducted on the internet or by telephone and mail. We operate our business out of the following branch offices: 

Approximate 

 Square Feet 

Corporate Headquarters 

New York, NY - 535 Fifth Avenue 

300 

Branch Offices 

Beverly Hills, CA 190 N Canon 

900 

Beverly Hills, CA 9378 Wilshire 

3,500 

Boca Raton, FL 

1,600 

Boston, MA 

1,700 

Calabasas, CA 

3,200 

Horsham, PA 

2,000 

Jersey City, NJ 

11,000 

Miami, FL 

11,600 

Omaha, NE 

2,900 

Seal Beach, CA 

800 

Tampa, FL 

1,000 

Troy, MI 

300 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are party to certain claims, suits and complaints arising in the ordinary course of business. 

For activity related to operations of StockCross Financial Services, Inc. StockCross prior to our acquisition of StockCross, FINRA s Division of Enforcement is currently investigating UIT transactions that were executed by StockCross that the enforcement staff believes were terminated early. We believe that many of these transactions were UIT transactions that were the subject of our prior settlements with the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (Dkt. No. E-2017-0104) and the State of California (CRD No.s: 6670 and 2400211). All of these transactions occurred prior to our acquisition of StockCross on January 1, 2020. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 19 

Management cannot at this time assess either the duration or the likely outcome or consequences of the FINRA investigation. Nevertheless, FINRA has the authority to impose sanctions on Siebert or require that it make offers of restitution to other customers who FINRA believes incurred sales charges in early liquidations of UITs. No assurances can be given that a mutual settlement with FINRA regarding the investigation can be reached or that any amount paid in settlement will not be material. 

In the opinion of management, all other legal matters are without merit, or involve amounts which would not have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 20 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our common stock traded on the Nasdaq Global Market until June 29, 2011 when our common stock started trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market, under the symbol SIEB. 

The closing sale price of our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market on March 20, 2023 was 1.54 per share. As of March 20, 2023, there were 75 holders of record of our common stock based on information provided by our transfer agent. The number of stockholders of record does not reflect the number of individual or institutional stockholders that beneficially own our stock because most stock is held in the name of nominees. Based on information available to us, we believe there are approximately 4,304 beneficial holders of our common stock as of March 20, 2023. 

Dividend Policy 

Our Board of Directors periodically considers whether to declare dividends. In considering whether to pay such dividends, our Board of Directors will review our earnings, capital requirements, economic forecasts and such other factors as are deemed relevant. Some portion of our earnings will be retained to provide capital for the operation and expansion of our business. 

Share Price Volatility 

Since our common stock started trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market, our common stock has been relatively thinly traded and at times been subject to price volatility. From January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, the average close price of our common stock was 1.79 per share. The average daily trading volume from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 was approximately 25,010 shares. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan Category 

Number of 

 securities to be 

 issued upon 

 exercise of 

 outstanding 

 options, 

 warrants and 

 rights 

Weighted- 

 average 

 exercise price 

 of outstanding 

 options, 

 warrants and 

 rights 

Number of 

 securities 

 remaining 

 available for 

 future issuance 

 under equity 

 compensation 

 plans (excluding 

 securities 

 reflected in 

 column (a)) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

NA 

2,704,000 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

NA 

NA 

Total 

NA 

2,704,000 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we granted 186,000 unregistered restricted stock units as compensation to certain employees and consultants under Siebert s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The units were fully vested upon grant date and were issued pursuant to Rule 701 and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

On November 16, 2021, we issued 1,449,525 shares of our common stock to Tigress in consideration of an equity interest in Tigress pursuant to a certain contribution agreement, by and among Siebert, RISE, and Tigress. The common stock was issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Refer to Note 11 Equity Method Investment in Related Parties for more detail. 

On August 18, 2021, we amended our common stock purchase agreement with OpenHand Holdings, Inc. OpenHand ), dated January 31, 2021, and, pursuant to the amendment, cancelled 329,654 shares of our common stock that we issued to OpenHand pursuant to the original stock purchase agreement. Refer to Note 12 Investments, Cost for more detail. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 21 

On January 31, 2021, Siebert and OpenHand entered into a stock purchase agreement whereby Siebert acquired an interest of 5 of OpenHand common stock for consideration of a total of 2,231,000 consisting of 850,000 in cash and 329,654 restricted shares of Siebert s common stock valued at 1,381,000 or 4.19 per share. The common stock was issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Refer to Note 12 Investments, Cost for more detail. 

On November 10, 2020, Siebert issued 150,000 shares of its restricted common stock to each of Anthony Palmeri and Gerard Losurdo, each an employee of MSCO, as part of their employment agreements. Mr. Palmeri and Mr. Losurdo each paid Siebert approximately 400,000 for their shares, which was equal to 70 of the closing price of Siebert s common stock as reported on Nasdaq on November 9, 2020. The common stock issued to Mr. Palmeri and Mr. Losurdo was subject to a three-year restriction on transfer commencing on the day of issuance. The issuance of common stock was approved by unanimous written consent of Siebert s board of directors. The common stock was issued to Mr. Palmeri and Mr. Losurdo as part of their employment agreements in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

On April 21, 2020, we entered into an agreement with a technology partner pursuant to which the technology partner acquired 193,906 shares of our restricted common stock. The common stock was issued on May 12, 2020 at a per share price of 5.81 (Siebert s share price as of the close of May 12, 2020) for a total of 1.1 million for professional services to integrate the technology partner s software into Siebert s existing platforms as well as its robo-advisor. The common stock was issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Effective January 1, 2020, we acquired the remaining 85 of StockCross outstanding shares in exchange for 3,298,774 shares of our common stock, and StockCross was merged with and into MSCO. The common stock was issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 22 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSIONS AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes included in Part II, Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to our historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, particularly in Part I, Item 1A - Risk Factors. 

Overview 

We are a financial services company and provide a wide variety of financial services to our clients. We operate in business lines such as retail brokerage, investment advisory, insurance, and technology development through our wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries. 

Results in the businesses in which we operate are highly correlated to general economic conditions and, more specifically, to the direction of the U.S. equity and fixed-income markets. Market volatility, overall market conditions, interest rates, economic, political, and regulatory trends, and industry competition are among the factors which could affect us and which are unpredictable and beyond our control. These factors affect the financial decisions made by market participants who include investors and competitors, impacting their level of participation in the financial markets. In addition, in periods of reduced financial market activity, profitability is likely to be adversely affected because certain expenses remain relatively fixed, including salaries and related costs, as well as portions of communications costs and occupancy expenses. Accordingly, earnings for any period should not be considered representative of earnings to be expected for any other period. 

Transactions with Tigress and Hedge Connection 

On November 16, 2021, we purchased 24 of the outstanding membership interests in Tigress, a disabled and woman-owned financial services firm, in exchange for 24 of RISE and shares of Siebert common stock. On January 21, 2022, we purchased 20 of Hedge Connection, a woman-owned fintech company, and an option to acquire the remaining interest in Hedge Connection in exchange for consideration of 600,000 and 3.33 of RISE.As of the date of this Report, Siebert is currently evaluating the terms upon which it will transfer its remaining ownership of Tigress to Gloria E. Gebbia pursuant to the Reorganization Agreement. Refer to Note 3 Transactions with Tigress and Hedge Connection for further detail on the terms and accounting treatment of these transactions. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 23 

As part of these transactions, Tigress founder, Cynthia DiBartolo, continued as CEO of Tigress, and assumed the position as CEO of RISE. Gloria E. Gebbia, one of Siebert s and RISE s directors, assumed the position of Chief Impact Officer at RISE. Ms. DiBartolo was appointed to Siebert s and RISE s Board of Directors and Ms. Gebbia was appointed to Tigress Board of Directors. In addition, Lisa Vioni, founder of Hedge Connection, provided RISE with the right to appoint one director to the Board of Directors of Hedge Connection, and Ms. Vioni was appointed to the Board of Directors of RISE as well as to the position of President of RISE Prime Capital Introduction, a division of RISE. 

Based upon the strategic direction of these ventures, management of the respective businesses decided to unwind the original transactions with Siebert, RISE, Hedge Connection and Tigress. As a result, we exchanged our 7 ownership of Tigress for all of Tigress ownership of RISE. We also entered into an agreement with Hedge Connection whereby we re-conveyed 20 of the common stock of Hedge Connection and the related option to acquire 100 of Hedge Connection in exchange for 3.17 of RISE and the cancellation of Siebert s note payable to Hedge Connection. 

As part of these agreements, Ms. DiBartolo and Ms. Vioni resigned from their respective positions within Siebert and RISE. 

The financial impact of these transactions with Tigress and Hedge Connection was a one-time loss of approximately 4.7M for the year ended December 31, 2022, of which 4.0M was due to an impairment of our investment in Tigress. These expenses are recorded in the line items Impairment of equity method investment in related party and Loss on sale of equity method investment in related parties in the statements of operations. 

Management is assessing the future strategic direction of RISE, taking into consideration current market conditions, demand trends, and resources. 

Termination of Clearing Arrangements with GSCO and Pershing 

On August 30, 2021, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC GSCO notified RISE that its clearing arrangement with RISE will be terminated. Due to the termination of RISE s clearing arrangement with GSCO, substantially all the revenue producing customers of RISE have transitioned to other prime service providers. Revenue and pre-tax income from customers that have transitioned to other prime service providers was approximately 12.6 million and 1.8 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022, we were in the process of terminating our clearing relationships with GSCO and Pershing LLC Pershing ). As of the date of this Report, we are no longer doing active business with these clearing vendors, and anticipate the full termination of these relationships by the end of the first quarter of 2023. 

Interest Rates 

We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates. Such changes in interest rates primarily impact revenue from interest, marketing, and distribution fees. We primarily earn interest, marketing and distribution fees from margin interest charged on clients margin balances, interest on cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes, and distribution fees from money market mutual funds in clients accounts. Securities segregated for regulatory purposes consist solely of U.S. government securities. If prices of U.S. government securities within our portfolio decline, we anticipate the impact to be temporary as we intend to hold these securities to maturity. We seek to mitigate this risk by managing the average maturities of our U.S. government securities portfolio and setting risk parameters for securities owned, at fair value. 

Technology Partner 

In third quarter of 2022, we reassessed our technology needs and entered into a software license agreement with a different technology provider for the development of a new retail trading platform which will replace our current platforms and resulted in the termination of our original technology relationship. We believe this new technology provider will be key to creating a platform for the next generation of retail customers and the termination of our original technology relationship had minimal impact on our current operations. Refer to Note 6 Prepaid Service Contract for further detail on the accounting and financial impact of the termination of our original technology relationship. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 24 

Client Account and Activity Metrics 

The following tables set forth metrics we use in analyzing our client account and activity trends for the periods indicated. 

Client Account Metrics Retail and Institutional Customer Net Worth 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Retail and institutional customer net worth (in billions) 

13.5 

17.3 

Client Account Metrics Retail Customers 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Retail customer net worth (in billions) 

13.5 

16.8 

Retail customer margin debit balances (in billions) 

0.4 

0.5 

Retail customer credit balances (in billions) 

0.6 

0.8 

Retail customer money market fund value (in billions) 

0.6 

0.8 

Retail customer accounts 

122,394 

115,380 

Retail customer net worth represents the total value of securities and cash in the retail customer accounts after deducting margin debits 

Retail customer margin debit balances represents credit extended to our customers to finance their purchases against current positions 

Retail customer credit balances represents client cash held in brokerage accounts 

Retail customer money market fund value represents all retail customers accounts invested in money market funds 

Retail customer accounts represents the number of retail customers 

Client Account Metrics Institutional Customers 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Institutional customer net worth (in billions) 

0.5 

Institutional customer net worth represents the total value of securities and cash in the institutional customer accounts after deducting margin debits and short positions. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 25 

Client Activity Metrics Retail Customers 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Total retail trades 

374,996 

472,540 

Total retail trades represents retail trades that generate commissions 

Statements of Operations and Financial Condition 

Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenue 

Commissions and fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 7,477,000 and decreased by 10,775,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to the loss of institutional customers of RISE as well as market conditions during 2022. 

Interest, marketing and distribution fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 17,234,000 and increased by 4,337,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year, primarily due to a rising interest rate environment which increased margin interest, 12b-1 money market fees, as well as interest on U.S. treasuries and cash deposits within MSCO of an aggregate of 7.5 million, partially offset by the loss of interest income from institutional customers in RISE of 3.2 million. 

Principal transactions and proprietary trading for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 3,743,000 and decreased by 11,904,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to the factors discussed below. 

The decrease in realized and unrealized gain on primarily riskless principal transactions was primarily due to weaker market conditions in 2022 within this business line. The increase in unrealized loss on our portfolio of U.S. government securities was due to the following. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 26 

In 2022 Siebert invested in treasury bill and treasury notes which are primarily in the line item Cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes on the statements of financial condition, in order to enhance its yield on its excess 15c3-3 deposits. During 2022, there was an increase in U.S. government securities yields, which created an unrealized loss of approximately 3.9 million on our government securities portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022. The aggregate unrealized loss of on the portfolio will be returned over the duration of the government securities, at a point no later than the maturity of the securities, the latest maturity being August 2024. 

We intend to hold these securities to maturity and as such, the aggregate unrealized loss of approximately 3.9 million on the portfolio as of December 31, 2022 will be returned over the duration of the government securities, at a point no later than the maturity of the securities. The maturities of the government securities are primarily in 2023 and the latest maturity is August 2024. If the value of our portfolio of government securities declines further, we will incur further unrealized losses; however, we anticipate this loss to be temporary as we intend to hold these securities to maturity. The portfolio of U.S. government securities represents less than half of the total value of our cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes, and we believe that the level invested reduces the risk of having to liquidate the securities prior to maturity. 

Below is a summary of the change in the principal transactions and proprietary trading line item for the periods presented. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(Year 

 over 

 Year 

 Decrease) 

Principal transactions and proprietary trading 

Realized and unrealized gain on primarily riskless principal transactions 

7,643,000 

15,675,000 

(8,032,000 

Unrealized loss on portfolio of U.S. government securities 

(3,900,000 

(28,000 

(3,872,000 

Total Principal transactions and proprietary trading 

3,743,000 

15,647,000 

(11,904,000 

Market making for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,443,000 and decreased by 3,454,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to market conditions. 

Stock borrow / stock loan for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 14,518,000 and increased by 2,654,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to the growth of the business, expansion of our stock locate revenues, and additional securities lending and locate counterparty relationships. 

Advisory fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1,862,000 and increased by 194,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to the expansion of the advisory business. 

Other income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2,825,000 and increased by 1,543,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to an increase in income from consulting services and termination payment from a technology partner. 

Operating Expenses 

Employee compensation and benefits for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 28,734,000 and decreased by 7,690,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to a decrease in commissions payouts from RISE related to the loss of our institutional customers and a decrease in payouts related to fixed income, market making, and commission revenue, partially offset by an increase in payouts related to stock borrow / stock loan as well as an increase in executive compensation. 

Clearing fees, including execution costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 2,143,000 and decreased by 2,674,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to a decrease in our institutional clearing costs related to RISE as well as the recognition of our business development credit from our agreement with NFS. 

Technology and communications expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 4,471,000 and decreased by 291,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to a decrease in technology costs related to RISE, partially offset by an increase in software licenses and other technology expenses. 

Other general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 4,010,000 and increased by 324,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to an increase in travel and entertainment related to marketing initiatives for our corporate services and securities finance business lines, an increase in insurance costs, partially offset by a legal settlement occurring in 2021. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 27 

Data processing expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 3,169,000 and increased by 320,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to an increase in service bureau charges. 

Rent and occupancy expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1,955,000 and increased by 25,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year. 

Professional fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 3,202,000 and increased by 507,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to an increase in legal and consulting fees related to certain transactions such as the unwinding of Tigress and Hedge Connection. 

Depreciation and amortization expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 995,000 and decreased by 450,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to the completion of useful lives of assets within STCH and write-offs of intangible assets related to RISE occurring in 2021. 

Referral fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 0 and decreased by 1,213,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to the loss of our institutional customers of RISE. 

Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 440,000 and increased by 79,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to additional interest incurred from the mortgage with East West Bank established in 2022. 

Loss on impairment for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 0 and decreased by 699,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to the impairment of our RISE customer relationships intangible asset due to the termination of our clearing arrangement with GSCO occurring in the third quarter of 2021. 

Advertising and promotion expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 543,000 and increased by 499,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to an increase in promotional costs for various marketing initiatives. 

Earnings of Equity Method Investment in Related Parties 

The earnings of equity method investment in related parties for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4,000 and decreased by 168,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year primarily due to a decrease in the earnings of Tigress and our proportional income. 

Impairment of Equity Method Investment in Related Party 

Impairment of equity method investment in related party for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4,015,000 and increased by 4,015,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year due to the impairment of our investment in Tigress. 

Loss on Sale of Equity Method Investment in Related Parties 

Loss on sale of equity method investment in related parties for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 719,000 and increased by 719,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year due to our loss on the transactions between Siebert, RISE, Hedge Connection and Tigress. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 28 

Provision For (Benefit From) Income Taxes 

The benefit from income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,300,000 and decreased from the provision for income taxes by 3,021,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year. Refer to Note 19 Income Taxes for further detail. 

Net Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 

As further discussed in Note 1 Organization and Basis of Presentation, we consolidate RISE s financial results into our financial statements and reflect the portion of RISE not held by Siebert as a noncontrolling interests in our financial statements. The net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,000,000, and increased by 970,000 from the corresponding period in the prior year due to an increase in RISE s net loss for 2022 and Siebert s ownership of RISE. 

Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Assets 

Assets as of December 31, 2022 were 728,048,000 and decreased by 676,187,000 from December 31, 2021, primarily due to a decrease in securities borrowed, receivables from customers, and cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes, partially offset by an increase in cash and cash equivalents. 

Liabilities 

Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 were 678,128,000 and decreased by 675,601,000 from December 31, 2021, primarily due to a decrease in securities loaned, payables to customers, and notes payable related party. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview 

We expect to use our available cash, cash equivalents, and potential future borrowings under our debt agreements and potential issuance of new debt or equity, to support and invest in our core business, including investing in new ways to serve our customers, potentially seeking strategic acquisitions to leverage existing capabilities, and for general capital needs (including capital, deposit, and collateral requirements imposed by regulators and SROs). Based on our current level of operations, we believe our available cash, available lines of credit, overall access to capital markets, and cash provided by operations will be adequate to meet our current liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. As of the date of this Report, there are no known or material events that would require us to use large amounts of our liquid assets to cover expenses. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 29 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Our cash and cash equivalents were 23.7 million and 3.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Debt Agreements 

We have a 4.4 million mortgage and a 2.7 million loan outstanding with East West Bank, and an unutilized line of credit for short term overnight demand borrowing of up to 25 million with BMO Harris as of December 31, 2022. The ability to borrow an additional 5.0 million on our loan with East West Bank expired on July 22, 2022; however, we do not believe this will impact our ability to fund our operations. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants related to our debt agreements. 

Cash Requirements 

The following table summarizes our short- and long-term material cash requirements as of December 31, 2022: 

Payments Due By Period 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

Operating lease commitments 

1,246,000 

588,000 

450,000 

234,000 

48,000 

2,566,000 

Mortgage with East West Bank 

75,000 

84,000 

88,000 

91,000 

4,048,000 

4,386,000 

Loan with East West Bank 

998,000 

1,661,000 

2,659,000 

Total 

2,319,000 

2,333,000 

538,000 

325,000 

4,096,000 

9,611,000 

On December 30, 2021, we purchased the Miami office building and are building out this space to be one of our primary operating centers. The total estimated cost for the build out is 1.5 million, with 338,000 financed through a commitment with East West Bank and the remainder being cash. As of December 31, 2022, we have incurred approximately 1.0 million out of the 1.5 million of the build out costs. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 30 

Shelf Registration Statement 

On February 18, 2022, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that was declared effective on March 2, 2022 by the SEC for the potential offering, issuance and sale by us of up to 100.0 million of our common stock, preferred stock, warrants to purchase our common stock and/or preferred stock, units consisting of all or some of these securities and subscription rights to purchase all or some of these securities. The registration statement was filed in reliance on General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3, which imposes a limitation on the maximum amount of securities that we may sell pursuant to the registration statement during any twelve-month period. Assuming we remain subject to General Instruction I.B.6, at the time we sell securities pursuant to the registration statement, the amount of securities to be sold plus the amount of any securities we have sold during the prior twelve months in reliance on Instruction I.B.6 may not exceed one-third of the aggregate market value of our outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates as of a day during the 60 days immediately preceding such sale as computed in accordance with Instruction I.B.6. Whether we sell securities under the registration statement will depend on a number of factors, including the market conditions at that time, our cash position at that time and the availability and terms of alternative sources of capital. 

At the Market Offering 

On May 27, 2022, we entered into a Capital on Demand TM Sales Agreement with JonesTrading as agent, pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time through JonesTrading, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering amount of up to 9.6 million under our shelf registration statement on Form S-3. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not sell any shares pursuant to this Sales Agreement. Refer to Note 22 Commitments, Contingencies, and Other for additional detail. 

Net Capital, Reserve Accounts, Segregation of Funds, and Other Regulatory Requirements 

MSCO is subject to the Uniform Net Capital Rules of the SEC (Rule 15c3-1) and the Customer Protection Rule (15c3-3) of the Exchange Act and maintains capital and segregated cash reserves in excess of regulatory requirements. Requirements under these regulations may vary; however, MSCO has adequate reserves and contingency funding plans in place to sufficiently meet any regulatory requirements. In addition to net capital requirements, as a self-clearing broker-dealer, MSCO is subject to cash deposit and collateral requirements with clearing houses, such as the DTCC and OCC, which may fluctuate significantly from time to time based upon the nature and size of clients trading activity and market volatility. RISE, as a member of FINRA, is subject to the SEC Uniform Net Capital Rule 15c3-1 and the corresponding regulatory capital requirements. 

MSCO can transfer funds to Siebert as long as it maintains its liquidity and regulatory capital requirements. RISE can transfer funds to its shareholders, of which Siebert is entitled to its proportional ownership interest, as long as RISE maintains its liquidity and regulatory capital requirements. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, MSCO and RISE had sufficient net capital to meet their respective liquidity and regulatory capital requirements. Refer to Note 20 Capital Requirements for more detail on our capital requirements. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 31 

Cash Flows 

Cash provided by and used in operating activities consisted of net income (loss) adjusted for certain non-cash items. Net operating assets and liabilities at any specific point in time are subject to many variables, including variability in customer activity, the timing of cash receipts and payments, and vendor payment terms. The total changes in our statements of cash flows, especially our operating cash flow, are not necessarily indicative of the ongoing results of our business as we have customer assets and liabilities on our statements of financial condition. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had negative operating cash flow due to the net effect of the change in payables to customers and receivables from customers. Other items within operating cash flow mostly offset each other, most notably our net loss and the adjustment from the impairment of equity method investment in related party. We had investing cash outflows primarily from the build out of the Miami office building and development work related to our new retail trading platform and other technology initiatives. We had financing cash outflows due to the repayment of the notes payable - related party to Gloria E. Gebbia and Hedge Connection, as well as the repayment of our loan with East West Bank. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had positive operating cash flow. We had investing cash outflows related to the purchase of the Miami office building, equity of OpenHand, software assets and miscellaneous office facilities. We had financing cash inflow related to the mortgage from East West Bank to finance part of the purchase of the Miami office building as well as an incremental note payable from Gloria E. Gebbia. 

Long Term Contracts 

Contract with NFS 

Effective August 1, 2021, MSCO entered into an amendment to its clearing agreement with NFS that, among other things, extends the term of their arrangement for an additional four-year period commencing on August 1, 2021 and ending July 31, 2025. As part of this agreement, we received a one-time business development credit of 3 million, and NFS will pay us four annual credits of 100,000 over the term of the agreement. The amendment also provides for an early termination fee; however, as of December 31, 2022, we do not expect to terminate the contract with NFS before the end of the contract term. Refer to Note 15 Deferred Contract Incentive and Note 22 Commitments, Contingencies and Other for additional detail. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We enter into various transactions to meet the needs of customers, conduct trading activities, and manage market risks and are, therefore, subject to varying degrees of market and credit risk. In the normal course of business, our customer activities involve the execution, settlement, and financing of various customer securities transactions. These activities may expose us to off-balance sheet risk in the event the customer or other broker is unable to fulfill their contracted obligations and we are forced to purchase or sell the financial instrument underlying the contract at a loss. There were no material losses for unsettled customer transactions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Refer to Note 21 Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk for additional detail. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 32 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

We generally follow accounting policies standard in the brokerage industry and believe that our policies appropriately reflect our financial position and results of operations. Our management team makes significant estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities included in the consolidated financial statements. The estimates relate primarily to revenue and expense items in the normal course of business as to which we receive no confirmations, invoices, or other documentation, at the time the books are closed for a period. We use our best judgment, based on our knowledge of revenue transactions and expenses incurred, to estimate the amount of such revenue and expenses. We are not aware of any material differences between the estimates used in closing our books for the last five years and the actual amounts of revenue and expenses incurred when we subsequently receive the actual confirmations, invoices or other documentation. 

Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make judgments and estimates that may have a significant impact on our financial results. We believe that the critical accounting policies listed below are particularly subject to management's judgments and estimates and could materially affect our results of operations and financial position. Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional detail on our significant accounting policies. 

Estimates of effective income tax rates, uncertain tax positions, deferred income taxes and related valuation allowances 

We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities on the basis of the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities by using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 

We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that we believe that these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. If we determine that we would be able to realize deferred taxes in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, we would make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes. 

We record uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC 740 on the basis of a two-step process in which (1) we determine whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained on the basis of the technical merits of the position and (2) for those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold we recognize the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. 

We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits on the provision for income taxes line in the statements of operations. Accrued interest and penalties would be included on the related tax liability line in the statements of financial condition. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 33 

Goodwill and other intangible assets 

Goodwill is recognized as a result of business combinations and represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets acquired. 

The valuation of goodwill and acquired intangible assets requires significant judgment and estimates by management. For example, the valuation of certain intangible assets required management s estimates of future earnings and cash flows as well as judgment in determining market approaches. The useful life of the finite lived intangible assets was determined based on management's estimate of the period over which those intangible assets were expected to provide economic benefit. Management applies judgment in conducting impairment testing for goodwill and intangible assets, including estimates of fair value based on the income or market approach and estimates required to determine the useful lives of finite lived intangible assets. 

We test goodwill and all intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable , or at least annually. If our estimates of fair value change due to future events differing significantly from the forecasts used to determine fair value or there are changes in our business or other factors, we will assess the amount of impairment and recognize it in our financial statements during that reporting period. 

We also evaluate the useful life of finite lived intangible assets on an annual basis to determine if events or trends warrant a change in estimate of the useful life. Changes in the estimated useful lives of finite lived intangible assets could result in the recognition of an impairment or a change in the remaining life of these assets. 

We have concluded that as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there has been no impairment to the carrying value of Siebert s goodwill; however, there has been an impairment of 4,015,000 to the carrying value of our equity method investment in Tigress for the year ended December 31, 2022, and an impairment of 699,000 to the RISE customer relationships intangible asset for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the termination of GSCO s clearing arrangement with RISE. 

Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 3 Transactions with Tigress and Hedge Connection for additional detail. 

Accruals for contingent liabilities 

Accruals for contingent liabilities related to legal and regulatory claims as well as employee healthcare expenses under our self-insured plan reflect an estimate of probable losses. In making such estimates for legal and regulatory claims, we consider many factors, including the progress of the matter, prior experience and the experience of others in similar matters, available defenses, insurance coverage, indemnification provisions and the advice of legal counsel and other experts. In making such estimates for employee healthcare expenses, we consider many factors, including trends of our health insurance expenses and our insurance reserve limits. We believe that our present insurance coverage and reserves are sufficient to cover currently estimated exposures, but there can be no assurance that we will not incur liabilities in excess of recorded reserves or in excess of our insurance limits. Significant judgment is required in making these estimates, and the actual cost may be materially different than the estimated costs. Refer to Note 22 Commitments, Contingencies and Other for additional detail. 

Variable Interest Entities 

We evaluate whether an entity is a VIE and determine if the primary beneficiary status is appropriate on a quarterly basis. We consolidate a VIE for which we are the primary beneficiary. When assessing the determination of the primary beneficiary, we consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including factors such as the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact its economic performance, the obligation to absorb the losses and/or the right to receive the expected returns of the VIE. Through this evaluation, as of December 31, 2022, we determined that RISE is a VIE and we are the primary beneficiary, primarily due to Siebert s power to direct the activities of RISE that most significantly impact its economic performance. Additionally, Siebert may be obligated to fund RISE s operations at an amount that is disproportional to its ownership percentage. 

New Accounting Standards 

Refer to Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information regarding new Accounting Standards Updates ASU s) issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 34 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Financial Instruments Held For Trading Purposes 

We do not directly engage in derivative transactions, have no interest in any special purpose entity and have no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, for the debt of another entity. 

Financial Instruments Held For Purposes Other Than Trading 

We generally invest our cash and cash equivalents temporarily in dollar denominated bank account(s). These investments are not subject to material changes in value due to interest rate movements. 

We invest cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes in dollar denominated bank accounts which are not subject to material changes in value due to interest rate movements. We also invest cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes and securities owned, at fair value in U.S. government securities which may be subject to material changes in value due to interest rate movements. Securities owned, at fair value invested in U.S. government securities are generally purchased to enhance yields on required regulatory deposits. While the value of the government securities may be subject to material changes in value, we believe any reduction in value would be temporary since the securities would mature at par value. 

Customer transactions are cleared through clearing brokers on a fully disclosed basis and are also self-cleared by MSCO. If customers do not fulfill their contractual obligations, any loss incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of securities at prevailing market prices to satisfy customer obligations may be incurred by Siebert. We regularly monitor the activity in customer accounts for compliance with margin requirements. We are exposed to the risk of loss on unsettled customer transactions if customers and other counterparties are unable to fulfill their contractual obligations. There were no material losses for unsettled customer transactions in the last five years. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 35 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

37 

(PCAOB ID 

Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

39 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022 

40 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022 

41 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022 

42 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

44 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 36 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Siebert Financial Corp.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Siebert Financial Corp. Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Impairment of equity method investment in related party 

As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company entered into a Reorganization Agreement on October 18, 2022 with Tigress Holdings, LLC Tigress ), an equity-method investee of the Company. Prior to this agreement, the Company owned 24 of the outstanding membership interests in Tigress, while Tigress owned a combination of stock in the Company as well as membership interests in one of the Company s majority-owned subsidiaries, RISE Financial Services, LLC RISE ). Under the terms of the Reorganization Agreement, the Company exchanged a portion of its outstanding membership interests in Tigress for all of Tigress s membership interests in RISE. 

As a result of the transaction described above, as well as the fact that Tigress had been impacted by adverse market conditions resulting in a decline in their performance and future projections, management concluded that a triggering event had occurred and evaluated if the investment in Tigress was other than temporarily impaired. Thus, the Company performed an impairment test as of October 18, 2022, and estimated the fair value of Tigress using the income approach and the market approach and recognized an impairment charge. 

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the impairment is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management to evaluate the significant assumptions used in the determination of the fair value of the investment, which was used to determine the amount that fair value had declined below its related carrying value for a period considered to be other-than-temporary, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s assumptions related used in the impairment measurement, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 37 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included: 

Tested the effectiveness of controls relating to management s impairment measurement for the equity method investment in related party, including controls over the income and the market approach analyses and significant assumptions used to determine the fair value of the equity method investment in related party. 

Tested management s process for determining the fair value of its equity method investment in related party, including evaluating the appropriateness of the income approach and the market approach analyses. 

Tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the income approach and the market approach analyses and evaluated the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management in developing the fair value measurement related to the growth rates of assets under management and discount rates. The reasonableness of the growth rates of assets under management was evaluated by considering (i) the consistency with external market and industry data, (ii) the consistency with past performance of the affiliate, and (iii) whether the growth rates were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. The reasonableness of the discount rate assumption was evaluated by considering the cost of capital of comparable businesses and other industry factors. 

Engaged internal valuation professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in the evaluation of the discount rates used to determine whether the fair value of the equity method investment in related party had declined below its carrying value for a period considered to be other-than-temporary. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2017. 

New York, 

March 29, 2023 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 38 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes 

Receivables from customers 

Receivables from broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Receivables from non-customers 

Other receivables 

Prepaid service contract - current 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Securities borrowed 

Securities owned, at fair value 

Total Current assets 

Deposits with broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Prepaid service contract non-current 

Property, office facilities, and equipment, net 

Software, net 

Lease right-of-use assets 

Equity method investments in related parties 

Investments, cost 

Deferred tax assets 

Goodwill 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities 

Payables to customers 

Payables to non-customers 

Drafts payable 

Payables to broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Taxes payable 

Securities loaned 

Securities sold, not yet purchased, at fair value 

Notes payable - related party 

Current portion of lease liabilities 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Current portion of deferred contract incentive 

Total Current liabilities 

Lease liabilities, less current portion 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

Deferred contract incentive, less current portion 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders equity 

Common stock, .01 par value; 100 million shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Total Stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

Numbers are rounded for presentation purposes. See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 39 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 

 December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenue 

Commissions and fees 

Interest, marketing and distribution fees 

Principal transactions 

Market making 

Stock borrow / stock loan 

Advisory fees 

Other income 

Total Revenue 

Expenses 

Employee compensation and benefits 

Clearing fees, including execution costs 

Technology and communications 

Other general and administrative 

Data processing 

Rent and occupancy 

Professional fees 

Depreciation and amortization 

Referral fees 

Impairment loss 

Interest expense 

Advertising and promotion 

Total Expenses 

Operating income 

Earnings of equity method investment in related parties 

Impairment of equity method investment in related party 

Loss on sale of equity method investment in related parties 

Non-operating income (loss) 

Income (loss) before provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Less net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net income (loss) available to common stockholders 

Net income (loss) available to common stockholders per share of common stock 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

Numbers are rounded for presentation purposes. See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 40 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Number of Shares Issued 

.01 Par Value 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Treasury Stock 

Retained Earnings 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Noncontrolling Interests 

Total 

 Equity 

Balance January 1, 2021 

Shares issued for OpenHand transaction 

Shares retired from OpenHand transaction 

Shares issued for Tigress transaction 

Net income (loss) 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Issuance and transfers of RISE membership interests 

Termination of agreement with technology partner 

Cancellation of treasury stock 

Sales of equity method investments in related parties 

Share-based compensation 

Net income (loss) 

Balance December 31, 2022 

Numbers are rounded for presentation purposes. See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 41 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Deferred income tax expense (benefit) 

Depreciation and amortization 

Net lease liabilities 

Downward adjustment due to changes in observable prices 

Loss on impairment 

Earnings of equity method investment in related parties 

Impairment of equity method investment in related party 

Loss on sale of equity method investment in related parties 

Share-based compensation 

Changes in 

Receivables from customers 

Receivables from non-customers 

Receivables from and deposits with broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Securities borrowed 

Securities owned, at fair value 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Prepaid service contract 

Payables to customers 

Payables to non-customers 

Drafts payable 

Payables to broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Securities loaned 

Securities sold, not yet purchased, at fair value 

Taxes payable 

Deferred contract incentive 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 

Equity method investment in related party 

Purchase of Openhand common stock 

Distribution from equity method investment in related party 

Purchase of office facilities and equipment 

Purchase of property 

Build out of property 

Purchase of software 

Net cash (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Issuance of RISE membership interests 

Transfers of RISE membership interests 

Net change in notes payable related party 

Net change in long-term debt 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents, and cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes 

Cash and cash equivalents, and cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes - beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, and cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes - end of year 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 42 

Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes 

Cash and cash equivalents - end of year 

Cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes - end of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, and cash and securities segregated for regulatory purposes - end of year 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Cash paid / (refunds received) during the year for income taxes 

Cash paid during the year for interest 

Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Equity method investment in related party (1) 

Termination of agreement with technology partner (2) 

Transfers of RISE membership interests (3) 

Net membership interests of RISE from transactions with Hedge Connection (1) 

Net membership interests exchange between Tigress and RISE (1) 

Forgiveness of notes payable from Hedge Connection (1) 

Numbers are rounded for presentation purposes. See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

(1) Refer to Note 3 Transactions with Tigress and Hedge Connection and Note 11 Equity Method Investments in Related Parties for further detail. 

(2) Refer to Note 6 Prepaid Service Contract for further detail. 

(3) Refer to Note 4 RISE for further detail. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 43 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per share, trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol SIEB. 

and therefore the Company continues to consolidate RISE under the voting interest model VOE model ). 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 44 

and the actual amounts of revenue and expenses incurred when the Company subsequently receives the actual confirmations, invoices, or other documentation. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 45 

The spread data used is for the same maturity as the bond. If the spread data does not reference the issuer, then data that references a comparable issuer is used. When position-specific external price data is not observable, fair value is determined based on either benchmarking to similar instruments or cash flow models with yield curves, bond, or single-name credit default swap spreads and recovery rates as significant inputs. Corporate bonds are generally categorized in level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

per institution. The Company is subject to credit risk to the extent that the financial institution with which it conducts business is unable to fulfill its contractual obligations and deposits exceed FDIC limits. At certain times, cash balances may exceed FDIC insured limits. 

million in cash deposits in special reserve accounts and million in securities segregated for regulatory purposes. As of December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any securities segregated for regulatory purposes. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 46 

. Office facilities are amortized over the shorter of their estimated useful life or the remaining lease term unless the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the lessee, or the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise an option to purchase the underlying asset, in which case the lessee will amortize over the estimated useful life of the office facilities. Depreciation for property is calculated using the straight-line-method over the estimated useful life of the property, not exceeding . 

. Depending on the terms of the contract, the Company either records costs from software hosting arrangements as prepaid assets and amortizes them over the contract term, or the costs are expensed as incurred. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 47 

to years as of December 31, 2022. The Company does not include renewal options as the renewal options are not reasonably certain to be exercised; however, the Company continues to monitor the lease renewal options. The Company s operating leases contain both lease components and non-lease components. Non-lease components are distinct elements of a contract that are not related to securing the use of the underlying assets, such as common area maintenance and other management costs. The Company has elected the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components, and as such, the variable lease cost primarily represents variable payments such as common area maintenance and utilities which are usually determined by the leased square footage in proportion to the overall office building. 

and was recorded in the statements of operations, respectively. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 48 

million, and NFS will pay the Company four annual credits of , which are both recorded in the line item Deferred contract incentive on the statements of financial condition. Annual credits shall be paid on the anniversary of the date on which the first credit was paid. The business development credit and annual credits will be recognized as contra expense over and , respectively, in the line item Clearing fees, including execution costs on the statements of operations. 

in net revenue and in net expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 49 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 50 

Stock borrow / stock loan 

Marketing and distribution fees 

Interest, Other income 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 51 

million as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 52 

shares of the Company s common stock. The Company s common stock was issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

of the outstanding membership interests in Tigress for all of Tigress ownership interest in RISE. As of the date of this Report, the Company is currently evaluating the terms upon which it will transfer its remaining ownership of Tigress to Gloria E. Gebbia pursuant to the Reorganization Agreement. 

, which is in the line item Loss on sale of equity method investment in related parties in the statements of operations. 

which is included in line item Impairment of equity method investment in related party in the statements of operations. 

of the outstanding post-closing issued and outstanding capitalization in Hedge Connection for a consideration of , to be paid in three installments over 180 days, as well as approximately of the issued and outstanding membership interests of RISE; (ii) the Company acquired an option from Ms. Vioni to acquire 100 of the remaining interest in Hedge Connection at fair value market at the time of the option exercise, provided such valuation of Hedge Connection is not less than million; (iii) the Company acquired a technology license agreement from Hedge Connection to use its capital introduction software, Fintroz, for an annual license fee of ; (iv) Ms. Vioni provided the Company with the right to appoint director to the Board of Directors of Hedge Connection; and (v) Ms. Vioni was appointed to the Board of Directors of RISE as well as to the position of President of RISE Prime Capital Introduction, a division of RISE. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 53 

of Ms. Vioni s remaining interest in Hedge Connection in exchange for of RISE and the cancellation of the Company s obligation to repay the remaining of its note payable to Hedge Connection. 

, which is in the line item Loss on sale of equity method investment in related parties in the statements of operations. The components that resulted in the net loss of were the writing off of the carrying value of the Company s investment in Hedge Connection of , offset by the forgiveness of the notes payable to Hedge Connection of as well as the net return of RISE treasury stock of . 

. Siebert sold membership interests representing of RISE s total issued and outstanding membership interests to Siebert employees and affiliates. Through March 30, 2022, Siebert continued to hold a majority ownership interest in RISE. 

in aggregate of notes payable to Gloria E. Gebbia for ownership interest in RISE. As a result of the aforementioned transactions, Siebert s direct ownership percentage in RISE declined from as of December 31, 2021 to approximately as of March 31, 2022. 

, and therefore Siebert continued to consolidate RISE from October 18, 2022 through December 31, 2022 under the VOE model. 

million and liabilities of million. As of December 31, 2021, RISE reported assets of million and liabilities of million. There are no restrictions on the consolidated VIE s assets. 

GSCO 

Pershing 

NFS 

Securities fail-to-deliver 

Globalshares 

Other receivables 

Total Receivables from and deposits with broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Payables to broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

Securities fail-to-receive 

Payables to broker-dealers 

Total Payables to broker-dealers and clearing organizations 

(1) Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation is referred to as DTCC ), Options Clearing Corporation is referred to as OCC ), and National Securities Clearing Corporation is referred to as NSCC ). 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 54 

and , respectively, which are included in the line item Deposits with broker-dealers and clearing organizations on the statements of financial condition. 

to MSCO. The resulting asset of RISE and liability of MSCO are eliminated in consolidation. There was no income or expense related to this clearing relationship for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

million and shares of the Company s restricted common stock for a total of million in exchange for services to develop a new client and back end interface as well as related functionalities for the Company s key operations. In addition, the Company agreed to pay an annual license fee of for this software. 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from the technology partner which is included in the line item Other income on the statements of operations. 

shares of the Company s common stock previously issued. The Company wrote off the remaining balance of the prepaid service contract of and the Company received which is included in the line item Other income on the statements of operations. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total expense related to the technology partner was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in Technology and communications on the statements of operations. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 55 

Securities owned, at fair value 

U.S. government securities 

Certificates of deposit 

Municipal securities 

Corporate bonds 

Equity securities 

Total Securities owned, at fair value 

Liabilities 

Securities sold, not yet purchased, at fair value 

Equity securities 

Total Securities sold, not yet purchased, at fair value 

As of December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Assets 

Securities owned, at fair value 

U.S. government securities 

Certificates of deposit 

Corporate bonds 

Equity securities 

Total Securities owned, at fair value 

Liabilities 

Securities sold, not yet purchased, at fair value 

Equity securities 

Total Securities sold, not yet purchased, at fair value 

As of December 31, 2021, the U.S. government securities had a maturity date of August 15, 2024. 

, Discount Rate 

Maturing , Discount Rate 

Maturing , Coupon Rate 

Maturing , Coupon Rate 

Maturing , Coupon Rate 

Maturing , Coupon Rate 

Maturing , Coupon Rate 

Accrued interest 

Total Market value of investment in U.S. government securities 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 56 

for the year ended December 31, 2022. The fair value of the Company s investment in Tigress was determined using the income and market approach. For the income approach, the Company utilized estimated discounted future cash flow expected to be generated by Tigress. For the market approach, the Company utilized market multiples of revenue and earnings derived from comparable publicly-traded companies. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 57 

Office facilities 

Equipment 

Total Property, office facilities, and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Total Property, office facilities, and equipment, net 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to build out the Miami office building. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 58 

Other software 

Total Software 

Less accumulated amortization robo-advisor 

Less accumulated amortization other software 

Total Software, net 

for the year ended December 31, 2022. Amortization expense will commence when the retail trading platform is launched and placed into service, which is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2023. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, 

Weighted average discount rate operating leases 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Total Rent and occupancy 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

Lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities 

Operating leases 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 59 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Remaining balance of lease payments 

Less: Difference between undiscounted cash flows and discounted cash flows 

Lease liabilities 

ownership interest in Tigress, which represented a significant ownership level, the Company and Tigress had common representation on their respective Board of Directors, and certain employees of Tigress were also employees of RISE. Based on these criteria, the Company determined that it was able to exercise significant influence over Tigress, and therefore the equity method of accounting applied for this investment. 

of Tigress. The Company concluded that it still had significant influence over Tigress due to the representation of Gloria E. Gebbia on the Board of Directors of Tigress. Therefore, the Company continues to account for this investment under the equity method of accounting as of December 31, 2022. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company did not receive any cash distributions from Tigress in 2021; however, RISE made a distribution of to Siebert in 2021 in lieu of a corresponding distribution from Tigress. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying amount of the investment in Tigress was and , respectively. There were no events or circumstances suggesting the carrying amount of the investment was impaired as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 60 

Operating income (loss) 

Net income (loss) 

Liabilities 

Stockholders Equity 

. 

of OpenHand common stock for consideration of a total of consisting of in cash and restricted shares of the Company s common stock valued at or per share. The Company s common stock was issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

of OpenHand for approximately million, based upon a million valuation of OpenHand. This option expires 18 months after the launch of the OpenHand platform. 

in cash in exchange for of the outstanding common stock of OpenHand as of January 31, 2021, and receive a 15 -month option to purchase an additional of the outstanding common stock of OpenHand at an exercise price equal to a company valuation of million. The parties agreed to rescind OpenHand s purchase of the restricted shares of the Company s common stock. 

as a result of the August 18, 2021 amendment which is included in the line item Other general and administrative on the statements of operations. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of the Company s investment in OpenHand was , and management concluded that the Company s investment in OpenHand is not impaired and that no additional events or changes in circumstances were identified that could have a significant effect on the original valuation of the investment. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 61 

million, which was partially financed through a mortgage with East West Bancorp, Inc. East West Bank ). The mortgage was for approximately million with a commitment for another to finance part of the build out of the Miami office building. The Company has utilized its commitment of as of December 31, 2022. 

The interest rate is for the first 7 years, and thereafter the interest rate shall be at the prime rate as reported by the Wall Street Journal, provided that the minimum interest rate on any term loan will not be less than . As part of the agreement, the Company must maintain a debt service coverage ratio of to 1. The loan is subject to a prepayment penalty over the first five years which is calculated as a percentage of the principal amount outstanding at the time of prepayment. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all of its covenants related to this agreement. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate for this mortgage was . 

million during the two-year period after July 22, 2020. The Company originally borrowed approximately million and had an outstanding balance of million as of December 31, 2022. The Company s ability to borrow an additional 5.0 million available on its loan with East West Bank expired on July 22, 2022. 

, beginning when the draw is made. The repayment schedule will utilize a five-year (60 month) amortization period, with a balloon on the remaining amount due at the end of four years . 

In addition to the foregoing, on the date that each term loan is made, the Company shall pay to the lender an origination fee equal to of the principal amount of such term loan. Pursuant to the loan agreement, the Company paid all lender expenses in connection with the loan agreement. 

million, and MSCO must maintain a net capital ratio that is not less than of aggregate debit items. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all its covenants related to this agreement. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 62 

2024 

Total 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate for this loan was . 

million and , respectively; however, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had no outstanding balance on these notes payables. 

4.00 due June 30, 2022 

4.00 due November 30, 2022 

Total Notes payable related party 

in aggregate of notes payable to Gloria E. Gebbia was exchanged for ownership interest in RISE. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid the remainder of these notes payable. 

and , respectively. The Company s interest payable related to these notes payable was as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 63 

million from NFS, and NFS will pay the Company annual credits of , which are recorded in the line item Deferred contract incentive on the statements of financial condition. Annual credits shall be paid on the anniversary of the date on which the first credit was paid. 

and in contra expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The balance of the deferred contract incentive was approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million on the Company s U.S. government securities portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022. The aggregate unrealized loss on the portfolio will be returned over the duration of the government securities, at a point no later than the maturity of the securities. The maturities of the government securities are primarily in 2023 and the latest maturity is August 2024. 

Unrealized loss on portfolio of U.S. government securities 

Total Principal transactions and proprietary trading 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company did not have an outstanding receivable or payable as of December 31, 2022 related to these arrangements. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are in the line item Referral fees on the statements of operations. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 64 

State and local 

Total Current 

Deferred 

Federal 

State and local 

Total Deferred 

Total Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

for the periods indicated are as follows: 

Tax amortization of intangible assets 

Non-deductible fines and penalties 

Share based compensation 

Permanent differences 

State and local taxes, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other 

Effective tax rate 

Lease liabilities 

Share-based compensation 

Investment in Tigress 

Investment in RISE 

Accrued compensation 

Other 

Subtotal 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total Deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Fixed assets 

Share-based compensation 

Total Deferred tax liabilities 

Net Deferred tax assets 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 65 

during 2022. The Company will continue to evaluate its deferred tax assets to determine whether any changes in circumstances could affect the realization of their future benefit. If it is determined in future periods that portions of the Company s deferred income tax assets satisfy the realization standards, the valuation allowance will be reduced accordingly. 

million of which million expires in varying amounts in 2035 and 2036 if not utilized but available to offset of future taxable income and million which is permitted to be carried forward indefinitely but only available to offset of future taxable income. Approximately million of the U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards are subject to annual limitation under Section 382. 

Additions for tax positions taken during current year 

Additions for tax positions taken during prior year 

Reductions for tax positions taken during prior years 

Settlements 

Expirations of statutes of limitations 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Additions for tax positions taken during current year 

Additions for tax positions taken during prior year 

Reductions for tax positions taken during prior years 

Settlements 

Expirations of statutes of limitations 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the accrued balance of interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits was and , respectively. The Company does not believe that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 66 

million or of aggregate debit items arising from customer transactions. As of December 31, 2022, MSCO s net capital was million, which was approximately million in excess of its required net capital of million, and its percentage of aggregate debit balances to net capital was . 

million, which was approximately million in excess of its required net capital of million, and its percentage of aggregate debit balances to net capital was . 

million (cash of million, securities with a fair value of million) in the special reserve accounts which was million in excess of the deposit requirement of million. The Company made no subsequent deposits or withdrawals on January 3, 2023. 

million in the special reserve accounts which was million in excess of the deposit requirement of million. After adjustments for deposit(s) and / or withdrawal(s) made on January 3, 2022, MSCO had million in excess of the deposit requirement. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 67 

million which was million in excess of its minimum requirement of under 15c3-1. As of December 31, 2021, RISE s net capital was approximately million which was million in excess of its minimum requirement of under 15c3-1. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 68 

million, of which million is in the line item Receivables from customers on the statements of financial condition. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had margin loans extended to its customers of approximately million, of which million is in the line item Receivables from customers on the statements of financial condition. There were no material losses for unsettled customer transactions for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 69 

million and million, respectively. As of those dates, MSCO had no outstanding loan balance and there were no commitment fees or other restrictions on the line of credit. On May 23, 2022, MSCO increased its principal amount for this line of credit from million to million. The Company utilizes customer or firm securities as a pledge for short-term borrowing needs. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were no fees associated with the utilization of this credit line for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

million under the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3. The Company is not obligated to make any sales of shares under the Sales Agreement. The Company agreed to pay JonesTrading a commission rate equal to of the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale of shares. The Company or JonesTrading may suspend or terminate the offering upon notice to the other party and subject to other conditions. Whether the Company sells securities under the Sales Agreement will depend on a number of factors, including the market conditions at that time, the Company s cash position at that time and the availability and terms of alternative sources of capital. 

in legal and audit fees related to this Sales Agreement, which are in the line item Professional services on the statements of operations, and were expensed as incurred. 

Prior to August 1, 2024 

Prior to August 1, 2025 

per employee as of December 31, 2022. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 70 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

as of December 31, 2022, which represents the historical estimate of future claims to be recognized for claims incurred during the period. 

million shares reserved under the Plan, shares were issued during the year ended December 31, 2022, and shares remained as of December 31, 2022. The Company did not issue any shares for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

restricted stock units at a weighted average price of to employees and consultants of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. These units were fully vested upon grant date and the Company recognized equity stock compensation expense of in the line item Employee compensation and benefits in the statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

in each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for the use of these names. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million of her notes payable to the Company for of the outstanding and issued membership interests in RISE. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 71 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Part of their compensation includes performance-based payments related to key revenue streams. 

for this branch office. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 72 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Executive Vice President/Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Executive Vice President/Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and to ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Executive Vice President/Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based on its evaluation, our management, including our Executive Vice President/Chief Financial Officer, concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

No change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) was identified during the year ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, no evaluation of internal control over financial reporting can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our Company have been detected. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Management does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures or its internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. 

To evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we use the 2013 framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the 2013 COSO Framework ). Using the 2013 COSO Framework, our management, including our Executive Vice President/Chief Financial Officer, evaluated our internal control over financial reporting and concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 73 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Identification of Directors 

The names of our Directors and their ages, positions, and biographies are set forth below. 

Gloria E. Gebbia 

Age 80 

Gloria E. Gebbia is the managing manager of KCA. Ms. Gebbia was an owner and a director of StockCross. Additionally, Ms. Gebbia also serves as the President of Associates for Breast and Prostate Cancer Research, a non-profit organization that raises funds for the John Wayne Cancer Institute, which, under Ms. Gebbia s leadership, has raised over 16 million for breast and prostate cancer research. 

John J. Gebbia 

Age 84 

From February 2017 to May 2020, John J. Gebbia served as a Special Advisor to the Board of Directors. John J. Gebbia commenced his employment in the brokerage industry in 1959. In 1962, Mr. Gebbia became Executive Vice President of Walston Company. After becoming CEO of Jesup Lamont, an institutional brokerage firm, Mr. Gebbia purchased the company in 1983. Thereafter, Mr. Gebbia owned and/or controlled various brokerage firms including Kennedy Cabot Co., which was sold in 1997 to Toronto Dominion Bank for 160,000,000. 

Charles A. Zabatta 

Age 80 

Charles A. Zabatta served as a consultant to StockCross from 2011 until 2016, acting as its head of Corporate Development. Mr. Zabatta has and continues to have a distinguished and successful career, predominately in the financial services industry, including holding various positions with the New York Stock Exchange, Paine Webber, Securities Settlement Corp., Josephthal Lyon Ross, Kennedy Cabot Co. and TD Waterhouse. Mr. Zabatta s creative business skills have been instrumental in several acquisitions of small to midsize companies in various industries. Mr. Zabatta currently advises on capital raising, general business structure and management. Previously, Mr. Zabatta has served as a member of the board of Knight Capital and Kennedy Cabot Co. Currently, Mr. Zabatta serves on the board of Paraco Gas Corporation, a large privately held independent energy company in the Northeast. Mr. Zabatta holds a B.A. in Industrial Psychology from Iona College. 

Francis V. Cuttita 

Age 54 

Francis V. Cuttita is a Senior Partner of Cuttita, LLP, a New York based law firm. Mr. Cuttita has over 26 years of practicing law in the areas of real estate and business transactions, media, sports and entertainment. Mr. Cuttita s list of clients include Fortune 100 corporations, CEOs, hedge fund managers, legendary professional athletes, entertainment icons and Grammy award winning musicians. Mr. Cuttita also serves as an advisor to several national financial, insurance and sports businesses and is an active supporter and member of various nonprofit organizations. Mr. Cuttita graduated from Swarthmore College and received his law degree from Fordham University School of Law. 

Andrew H. Reich 

Age 67 

Andrew H. Reich has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary of the Company since December 16, 2016. Prior thereto, Andrew H. Reich served in a variety of executive positions with StockCross from 2002 until 2016. Additionally, Mr. Reich is the owner of Aarianna Realty Inc., a real estate company. Mr. Reich has more than 30 years of experience in the financial industry, including more than 14 years as senior management of StockCross. Mr. Reich holds a M.B.A. from the University of Southern California and a B.B.A. from the Bernard Baruch College. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 74 

Jerry M. Schneider, CPA 

Age 78 

Jerry M. Schneider is a certified public accountant and has over 40 years of relevant accounting experience. Mr. Schneider is licensed to practice public accounting in New York and Florida and is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants and the Florida Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Schneider was the Managing Partner of Schneider Associates LLP, a CPA firm with approximately 20 professional staff and was the driving force in that firm s growth and development until it merged with Marks Paneth LLP in 2008. From January 2011 to December 31, 2017, Mr. Schneider was a Partner Emeritus and Senior Consultant at Marks Paneth LLP. Mr. Schneider is also a member of the Board of Directors of Prometheum, Inc., a company that is authorized by FINRA to run an AST for the general public for digital asset securities. In 2018, Mr. Schneider was appointed to the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee of Fiduciary Trust International South (a subsidiary of Fiduciary Trust International, which is owned by Franklin Templeton). In December 2019, Mr. Schneider was elected to be the chairman of the Audit Committee and was appointed to the Board of Directors of the Trust Committee of Fiduciary Trust International South. Mr. Schneider s practice was concentrated in the areas of business planning, high net worth individuals, manufacturing, retailing, securities broker-dealers, the hospitality industry, private educational institutions and estate planning. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 75 

Identification of Executive Officers 

Name 

Age 

Position 

Andrew H. Reich 

67 

Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

Andrew H. Reich has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary of the Company since December 16, 2016. Prior thereto, Andrew H. Reich served in a variety of executive positions with StockCross from 2002 until 2016. Additionally, Mr. Reich is the owner of Aarianna Realty Inc., a real estate company. Mr. Reich has more than 30 years of experience in the financial industry, including more than 14 years as senior management of StockCross. Mr. Reich holds a M.B.A. from the University of Southern California and a B.B.A. from the Bernard Baruch College. 

Corporate Governance 

Board Meetings 

The Board of Directors held 4 regular meetings and 8 special meetings during 2022. Each incumbent director attended at least 75 of his or her Board of Directors meetings and all of his or her committee meetings. 

Controlled Company 

We are a Controlled Company as defined in Rule 5615(c)(1) of the Nasdaq Stock Market because Gloria E. Gebbia and her family members hold more than 50 of our voting power for the election of directors. As a Controlled Company, we are not required to have a majority of our Board of Directors comprised of independent directors, a compensation committee comprised solely of independent directors, or a nominating committee comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 

The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors currently consists of Mr. Schneider, Chairman, Mr. Zabatta and Mr. Cuttita. The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Schneider, Mr. Zabatta and Mr. Cuttita is each an independent director within the meaning of Rule 5605 (a)(2) of the Nasdaq Stock Market and within the meaning of the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. 

The Audit Committee held 6 meetings during 2022. 

The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Schneider qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under the applicable rules of the SEC. 

The Audit Committee was established to (i) assist the Board of Directors in its oversight responsibilities regarding the integrity of our financial statements, our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and our auditor s qualifications and independence, (ii) prepare the report of the Audit Committee contained herein, (iii) retain, consider the continued retention and termination of our independent auditors, (iv) approve audit and non-audit services performed by our independent auditors and (v) perform any other functions from time to time delegated by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee, which is available on our website at www.siebert.com/company/investor-relations/shareholder-information. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 76 

Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors 

The Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors currently consists of Mr. Zabatta and Mr. Cuttita. The Compensation Committee reviews and determines all forms of compensation provided to our executive officers and directors. The Compensation Committee will administer a stock option and other employee benefit plans . The Compensation Committee does not function pursuant to a formal written charter, and as a Controlled Company, we are not required to comply with the Nasdaq Stock Market s independence requirements. The Compensation Committee held no meetings during 2022. 

The Compensation Committee will evaluate the performance of our executive officers in terms of our operating results and financial performance and will determine their compensation in connection therewith. 

In accordance with general practice in the securities industry, our executive compensation includes base salaries, an annual discretionary cash bonus, and equity incentives that are intended to align the financial interests of our executives with the returns to our shareholders. 

As part of its oversight of the Company s executive compensation, the Compensation Committee will consider the impact of the Company s executive compensation, and the incentives created by the compensation awards that it administers, on the Company s risk profile. In addition, the Compensation Committee will review the Company s compensation policies and procedures, including the incentives that they create and factors that may reduce the likelihood of excessive risk taking, to determine whether they present a significant risk to the Company. 

Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors 

The Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors currently consists of Mr. Zabatta and Mr. Cuttita. The Nominating Committee does not function pursuant to a formal written charter, and as a Controlled Company, we are not required to comply with the Nasdaq Stock Market s independence requirements. The Nominating Committee did not meet in 2022. 

The purpose of the Nominating Committee is to identify individuals qualified to become members of our Board of Directors and to recommend to the Board of Directors or the shareholders that such individuals be selected for directorship. In identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the Nominating Committee considers each candidate s experience, integrity, background and skills as well as other qualities that the candidate may possess and factors that the candidate may be able to bring to the Board of Directors. We do not have a formal policy with regard to the consideration of diversity in identifying director nominees. However, the Board of Directors believes that it is essential that its members represent diverse viewpoints, with a broad array of experiences, professions, skills, geographic representation and backgrounds that, when considered as a group, provide a sufficient mix of perspectives to allow the Board of Directors to best fulfill its responsibilities to the long-term interests of our shareholders. 

The Nominating Committee will consider shareholder nominees for election to our Board of Directors. In evaluating such nominees, the Nominating Committee will use the same selection criteria the Nominating Committee uses to evaluate other potential nominees. 

Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

We are parties to indemnification agreements with our executive officers and directors and indemnify them to the extent permitted by applicable law against liabilities incurred as a result of their service to us and against liabilities incurred as a result of their service as directors of other corporations when serving at our request. We have a director s and officer s liability insurance policy, underwritten by the American International Group, Inc. 

Annual Shareholders Meeting Attendance Policy 

It is the policy of our Board of Directors that all our directors are strongly encouraged to attend each annual shareholder meeting. All of our directors attended the 2022 annual meeting of shareholders. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 77 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers applicable to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Controller, Principal Accounting Officer, and any of our other employees performing similar functions. A copy of the Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers is available on our website at www.siebert.com/company/investor-relations/shareholder-information. 

Board Leadership Structure and Board of Directors 

Our Board of Directors does not have a chairman nor a lead independent director. The Company believes this structure allows all of the directors to participate in the full range of the Board of Director s responsibilities with respect to its oversight of the Company s management. The Board of Directors has determined that this leadership structure is appropriate given the size of the Company, the number of directors overseeing the Company, and the Board of Directors oversight responsibilities. 

The Board of Directors intends to hold at least four regular meetings each year to consider and address matters involving the Company. The Board of Directors also may hold special meetings to address matters arising between regular meetings. These meetings may take place in person or by telephone. The independent directors also regularly meet in executive sessions outside the presence of management. The Board of Directors has access to legal counsel for consultation concerning any issues that may occur during or between regularly scheduled Board meetings. As discussed above, the Board has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating Committee to assist the Board in performing its oversight responsibilities. 

Board of Directors Role in Risk Oversight 

Consistent with its responsibility for oversight of the Company, the Board of Directors, among other things, oversees risk management of the Company s business affairs directly and through the committee structure that it has established. The principal risks associated with the Company are risks related to securities market volatility and the securities industry, lower price levels in the securities markets, intense competition in the brokerage industry, extensive government regulation, net capital requirements, customers failure to pay, an increase in volume on our systems or other events which could cause them to malfunction, reliance on information processing and communications systems, continuing changes in technology, dependence on the ability to attract and retain key personnel, the ability of our principal shareholder to control many key decisions, and there may be a limited public market for our common stock, among other risks and uncertainties detailed in under Part I, Item 1A - Risk Factors of this Form 10-K as well as in our filings with the SEC. 

The Board of Directors role in the Company s risk oversight process includes regular reports from senior management on areas of material risk to the Company, including operational, financial, legal, regulatory, strategic and reputational risks. The full Board of Directors (or the appropriate committee) receives these reports from management to identify and discuss such risks. 

The Board of Directors periodically reviews with management its strategies, techniques, policies and procedures designed to manage these risks. Under the overall supervision of the Board of Directors, management has implemented a variety of processes, procedures and controls to address these risks. 

The Board of Directors requires management to report to the full Board of Directors on a variety of matters at regular meetings of the Board of Directors and on an as-needed basis, including the performance and operations of the Company and other matters relating to risk management. The Audit Committee also receives reports from the Company s independent registered public accounting firm on internal control and financial reporting matters. These reviews are conducted in conjunction with the Board of Directors risk oversight function and enable the Board of Directors to review and assess any material risks facing the Company. 

10b5-1 Plans 

Andrew H. Reich, Gloria E. Gebbia, Charles Zabatta, Francis V. Cuttita, and certain employees of Siebert entered into 10b5-1 plans in September 2021 and the plans expired in November 2022. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our common stock to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the SEC. These executive officers, directors and shareholders are required by the SEC to furnish us with copies of all forms they file pursuant to Section 16(a). 

Based upon a review of Section 16(a) forms furnished to the Company, except as disclosed below, the Company believes that all applicable Section 16(a) filing requirements were met during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 78 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

On November 30, 2022, Ms. DiBartolo reported on Form 3 her resignation from the Company s Board of Directors. Ms. DiBartolo did not file an initial Form 3 when she became a director of the Company in November 2021. On December 14, 2022, Richard Gebbia reported a family gift on Form 4 one day after the two-day reporting period. 

Advisors to the Company 

Senior Advisors 

John M. Gebbia and Richard Gebbia, sons of Gloria E. Gebbia, are Co-CEO s of MSCO and serve as Registered Principals and associated persons of MSCO. Before the close of the acquisition of StockCross, they were also serving as executive officers and directors of StockCross. Both Richard Gebbia and John M. Gebbia have extensive experience in the securities industry and work with MSCO and senior management of the Company to identify cost saving opportunities and improvements to the Company s business. 

John M. Gebbia has been in the brokerage industry in various capacities since 1990. Mr. Gebbia was the President and CEO of Kennedy Cabot Co., from 1992 to 1997 when it was acquired by Toronto Dominion Bank. Thereafter he was active with various Gebbia family businesses. From 2007 to 2020, Mr. Gebbia was associated with StockCross, most recently as a Director and its Executive Vice President. 

Richard S. Gebbia has been in the brokerage industry since 1993. From 2007 to 2020, Mr. Gebbia was associated with StockCross in various capacities. Mr. Gebbia was the CEO and a Director of StockCross. 

David J. Gebbia has been in the brokerage industry since 1993. Mr. Gebbia is currently the President of the Company s insurance subsidiary, PW. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table presents the annual compensation paid to or earned by our current Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (the Named Executive Officer during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Name and 

 Principal 

 Position 

Year 

Salary 

Bonus 

Stock Awards 

Option Awards 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 

Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 

Other Compensation 

Totals 

Andrew H. Reich 

2022 

225,000 

25,000 

32,000 

282,000 

2021 

225,000 

125,000 

350,000 

Represents the dollar amount recognized for financial statement reporting in accordance with ASC 718. Mr. Reich was named to the positions of Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer effective December 16, 2016. 

Outstanding Equity Awards as of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 296,000 shares of common stock outstanding and fully vested as part of equity compensation. 

Employment Agreements 

We are not a party to an employment agreement with any Named Executive Officer. All of our Named Executive Officers are employees at will. 

Option Agreements 

As of December 31, 2022, we had no option agreements with our Named Executive Officers. 

Compensation of Directors 

The following table discloses the cash, equity awards, and other compensation earned, paid, or awarded, as the case may be, to each of the Company s directors during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 79 

Name 

Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 

Stock Awards 

Option Awards 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 

All Other Compensation 

Total 

Gloria E. Gebbia 

John J. Gebbia 

Andrew H. Reich 

Francis V. Cuttita 

106,000 

106,000 

Charles Zabatta 

106,000 

106,000 

Jerry M. Schneider 

106,000 

106,000 

Cynthia DiBartolo 

Audit Committee Report to Shareholders 

The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The Audit Committee has also discussed with our independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed by Auditing Standards No. 16, adopted by the PCAOB (United States) regarding, Communications with Audit Committees, including our critical accounting policies and our interests, if any, in off-balance sheet entities. Additionally, the Audit Committee has received the written disclosures and representations from the independent registered public accounting firm required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB (United States) regarding Communication with Audit Committees Concerning Independence. 

Based on the review and discussions referred to within this report, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 be included in Siebert Financial Corp. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for filing with the SEC. 

Audit Committee, 

Jerry M. Schneider, CPA, Chairman 

Charles Zabatta 

Francis V. Cuttita 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 80 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table lists share ownership of our common stock as of March 20, 2023. The information includes beneficial ownership by each of our directors and the Named Executive Officers, all directors and executive officers as a group and beneficial owners known by our management to hold at least 5 of our common stock. Except as indicated in footnotes to this table, we believe that the shareholders named in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown to be beneficially owned by them based on information provided to us by these shareholders. Percentage of ownership is based on 32,505,329 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 20, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 

Shares of Common Stock 

Percent of 

 Class 

Named Executive Officers and Directors 

Gloria E. Gebbia / John J. Gebbia (2) 

17,539,200 

54 

Andrew H. Reich 

758,238 

2 

Charles Zabatta (3) 

600,439 

2 

Francis V. Cuttita 

187,773 

1 

Jerry M. Schneider 

3,000 

Directors and named executive officers as a group 

 (6 persons) 

19,088,650 

59 

Other Shareholders with 5 or More 

Kimberly Gebbia (4) 

3,278,400 

10 

800 Collins Ave 

Miami, FL 33139 

John M. Gebbia (5) 

2,127,091 

7 

15 Exchange Place 

Jersey City, NJ 07302 

Andrew McDonald 

1,773,676 

5 

9378 Wilshire Blvd 

Beverly Hills, CA 90212 

Less than 1 of outstanding shares 

1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each individual is c/o Siebert Financial Corp., 535 Fifth Avenue, 4 th Floor, New York, NY 10017. 

2) Gloria E. Gebbia and John J. Gebbia are husband and wife. Includes 10,544,054 shares of our common stock owned by Gloria E. Gebbia, 2,689,592 shares owned by Kimberly Gebbia, 2,127,091 shares owned by John M. Gebbia, 1,473,218 shares owned by David J. Gebbia, 116,437 shares owned by a family trust, and 588,808 shares owned by Richard S. Gebbia and the children of Richard and Kimberly Gebbia. 

3) Includes 500,439 shares owned by Charles Zabatta s wife. 

4) Includes 588,808 shares owned by Richard S. Gebbia and the dependent children of Richard and Kimberly Gebbia. 

5) Includes 118,000 shares owned by the dependent children of John M. Gebbia. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 81 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Review and Approval of Related Party Transactions 

As set forth in our Amended and Restated Audit Committee Charter, the Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and approving all related party transactions. 

Our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers, applicable to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller, Treasurer, Principal Accounting Officer and other employees performing similar functions, provides that our Senior Financial Officers should endeavor to avoid any actual or potential conflict of interest between their personal and professional relationships and requires them to promptly report and disclose all material facts relating to any such relationships or financial interests which give rise, directly or indirectly, to an actual or potential conflict of interest to the Audit Committee. The Code of Ethics also provides that no Senior Financial Officer should knowingly become involved in any actual or potential conflict of interest without the relationship or financial interest having been approved by the Audit Committee. Our Code of Ethics does not specify the standards that the Audit Committee would apply to a request for a waiver of this policy. 

Refer to Note 24 - Related Party Disclosures for further detail on our related party transactions. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Baker Tilly US, LLP Baker Tilly currently serves as our independent registered public accounting firm. 

Audit and Tax Fees 

Our Audit Committee has determined that the services described below that were rendered by Baker Tilly are compatible with the maintenance of Baker Tilly s independence from our management. 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed by Baker Tilly for professional services rendered for the 2022 and 2021 audit of our annual financial statements and reviews of our quarterly financial statements were 112,000 and 156,000, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees 

The aggregate fees billed by Baker Tilly for audit-related services were 184,000 and 194,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

The Audit Committee pre-approves all audit and non-audit services provided by our independent auditors prior to the engagement of the independent auditors with respect to such services. With respect to audit services and permissible non-audit services not previously approved, the Audit Committee has authorized the Chairman of the Audit Committee to approve such audit services and permissible non-audit services, provided the Chairman informs the Audit Committee of such approval at the next regularly scheduled meeting. All Audit Fees and All Other Fees set forth above were pre-approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with its pre-approval policy. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 82 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K filed as part of, or incorporated by reference in, this Annual Report are listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index. 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

1. Financial Statements 

The consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 commence on page 31 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

2. Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

3. Exhibits 

The exhibits listed in the following Exhibit Index are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 83 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 

 No. 

Description Of Document 

2.1 

Plan and Agreement of Merger between J. Michaels, Inc. and Muriel Siebert Capital Markets Group, Inc., dated as of April 24, 1996 Merger Agreement (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1996) 

2.2 

Amendment No. 1 to Merger Agreement, dated as of June 28, 1996 (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1996) 

2.3 

Amendment No. 2 to Merger Agreement, dated as of September 30, 1996 (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1996) 

2.4 

Amendment No. 3 to Merger Agreement, dated as of November 7, 1996 (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1996) 

3.1 

Certificate of Incorporation of Siebert Financial Corp., formerly known as J. Michaels, Inc. originally filed on April 9, 1934, as amended and restated to date (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1997) 

3.1 (a) 

Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Siebert Financial Corp., as amended and restated, filed February 2, 2020. (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019) 

3.2 

By-laws of Siebert Financial Corp. (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-49843) filed with the SEC on April 10, 1998) 

4.0 

Description of Registrant s Securities 

4.1 

Siebert Financial Corp. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 

10.1 

Acquisition Agreement, dated September 1, 2016, by and among, Siebert Financial Corp., the Majority Shareholder and KCA (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 2, 2016) 

10.2 

Assignment dated December 16, 2016 by and between the Majority Shareholder and Siebert Financial Corp. 

10.3 

Consent and Waiver dated as of December 16, 2016 by and among Siebert Cisneros Shank Financial, LLC, Siebert Cisneros Shank Co. L.L.C. and Siebert Financial Corp. 

10.6 

Siebert Financial Corp. 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-144680) filed with the SEC on July 18, 2007) 

10.7 

Fully Disclosed Clearing Agreement, by and between NFS LLC and Muriel Siebert Co., Inc. dated May 5, 2010. (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 16, 2010) 

10.8 

Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2017 by and among StockCross Financial Services, Inc., Muriel Siebert Co., Inc. and Siebert Financial Corp. (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 28, 2017) 

10.9 

StockCross Share Repurchase Agreement dated as of January 18, 2019 by and among tZERO Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, StockCross Financial Services, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation and Muriel Siebert Co., Inc., a Delaware Corporation (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 25, 2019) 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 84 

10.10 

Equity Interests Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2019, by and among Siebert Financial Corp., Weeden Investors L.P. and Weeden Securities Corporation. (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 3, 2019) 

10.11 

Promissory Note, dated as of December 2, 2019, made by Siebert Financial Corp. in favor of Gloria E. Gebbia. (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 4, 2019) 

10.12 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 31, 2019 by and among Siebert Financial Corp., Muriel Siebert Co., Inc., StockCross Financial Services, Inc. StockCross and each of the shareholders of StockCross. (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 7, 2020) 

10.13 

Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2020, by and between East West Bank and Siebert Financial Corp. (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2020) 

10.14 

Form of Term Loan Note (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2020) 

10.15 

Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2021, between Siebert Financial Corp. and OpenHand Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference) 

10.16 

Amendment to Fully Disclosed Clearing Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2021, by and between Muriel Siebert Co., Inc. and National Financial Services LLC. (incorporated by reference) 

10.17 

Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2021, between Siebert Financial Corp. and National Financial Services LLC (incorporated by reference) 

10.18 

Amendment No. 1 to Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 18, 2021, between Siebert Financial Corp. and OpenHand Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference) 

10.19 

Agreement between Siebert Financial Corp. and Tigress Holdings, LLC, dated November 16, 2021. (incorporated by reference) 

10.20 

Purchase Agreement dated as of December 30, 2021, for 653 Collins Ave, Miami Beach, FL, between Siebert Financial Corp. and City National Bank of Florida, a national banking association, as trustee under the provisions of a certain Trust Agreement, dated 22nd day of March, 1993 (incorporated by reference) 

10.21 

Promissory Note, dated as of December 30, 2021, made by Siebert Financial Corp. in favor of Gloria E. Gebbia (incorporated by reference) 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 85 

10.22 

Promissory Note and Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2021, between East West Bank and Siebert Financial Corp. (incorporated by reference) 

10.23 

Agreement between Siebert Financial Corp. and Hedge Connection, Inc., dated January 21, 2022. (incorporated by reference) 

10.24 

Debt Exchange Agreement between Siebert Financial Corp. and Gloria E. Gebbia, dated March 31, 2022. (incorporated by reference) 

10.25 

Capital on Demand TM Sales Agreement, dated May 27, 2022, by and between Siebert Financial Corp. and JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC. (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2022). 

10.26 

Reorganization Agreement By and Among Tigress Holdings, LLC, Rise Financial Services, LLC, and Siebert Financial Corp. dated October 18, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 21, 2022). 

10.27 

Termination Agreement By and Among Hedge Connection, Inc., Lisa Vioni, Rise Financial Services, LLC, and Siebert Financial Corp., dated October 18, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Siebert Financial Corp. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 21, 2022). 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of the registrant 

23.1 

Consent of Baker Tilly US, LLP 

31.1 

Certification of Andrew H. Reich pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101. 

INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

101. 

SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101. 

CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101. 

DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101. 

LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101. 

PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with Inline XBRL document). 

Portions of the indicated document have been afforded confidential treatment and have been filed separately with the SEC pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed herewith 

This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 86 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP. 

By: 

/s/ Andrew H. Reich 

Andrew H. Reich 

Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, 

 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 

 (Principal executive, financial and accounting officer) 

Date: March 29, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Andrew H. Reich 

Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and 

March 29, 2023 

Andrew H. Reich 

Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director (Principal executive, financial and accounting officer) 

/s/ Gloria E. Gebbia 

Director 

March 29, 2023 

Gloria E. Gebbia 

/s/ John J. Gebbia 

Director 

March 29, 2023 

John J. Gebbia 

/s/ Charles Zabatta 

Director 

March 29, 2023 

Charles Zabatta 

/s/ Francis V. Cuttita 

Director 

March 29, 2023 

Francis V. Cuttita 

/s/ Jerry M. Schneider 

Director 

March 29, 2023 

Jerry M. Schneider 

Siebert 2022 Form-10K 87 

<EX-101.SCH>
 2
 sieb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 3
 sieb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 4
 sieb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 5
 sieb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 6
 sieb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 sieb10kex21-1.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES 

Company 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Owned 
 
 1. Muriel Siebert Co., Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100.0 
 
 2. Siebert AdvisorNXT, Inc. 
 
 New York 
 
 100.0 
 
 3. Park Wilshire Companies, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 100.0 
 
 4. Siebert Technologies, LLC 
 
 Nevada 
 
 100.0 
 
 5. RISE Financial Services, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 68.0 
 
 6. StockCross Digital Solutions, Ltd. 
 
 Bermuda 
 
 100.0 

Ownership percentage as of the date of this Report 

Inactive subsidiary 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 sieb10kex23-1.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-262895) and Form S-8 (No. 333-269058) of Siebert Financial Corp. (the
 Company ), of our report dated March 29, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Company, which appears on page 37 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ BAKER TILLY US, LLP 

New York, New York 

 March 29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 sieb10kex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Andrew H. Reich, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Siebert Financial Corp.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
 reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Andrew H. Reich 
 Date: March 29, 2023 

Andrew
H. Reich 

 Executive
Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, 

 Chief
Financial Officer and Secretary 

 (Principal
executive, financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 sieb10kex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATIO

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Siebert Financial Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2022, as filed with the SEC (the Report ), I, Andrew H. Reich, in my capacity as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating
Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) The
 Report filed by the Company with the SEC fully complies with the requirements of Section
 13(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the report. 

/s/ Andrew H. Reich 
 Date: March 29, 2023 
 
 Andrew
H. Reich 

 Executive
Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, 

 Chief
Financial Officer, and Secretary 

 (Principal
executive, financial and accounting officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other documents authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by section 906, has been provided
to Siebert Financial Corp. and will be retained by Siebert Financial Corp. and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

