<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1712189_0001558370-23-003440.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17453313</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>360493</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3760344</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5698663</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2661386</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4545958</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-003440.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310141259
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-003440
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Target Hospitality Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001712189
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOTELS, ROOMING HOUSE, CAMPS & OTHER LODGING PLACES [7000]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38343
		FILM NUMBER:		23723076

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9320 LAKESIDE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77381
		BUSINESS PHONE:		832 709-2563

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9320 LAKESIDE BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			THE WOODLANDS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77381

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Platinum Eagle Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170718

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-003440.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 th-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , (Address, including zip code, of principal executive offices) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which is registered The Capital Market The Capital Market 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 USC. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No . The aggregate market value of common shares held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, June 30, 2022, was . There were 110,394,182 shares of Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding as of March 8, 2023. Documents Incorporated by Reference The information required by Part III of this Report, to the extent not set forth herein, is incorporated herein by reference from the registrant s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, which definitive proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this Report relates. 

Table of Contents 
 Target Hospitality Corp. TABLE OF CONTENTS Annual Report on FORM 10-K December 31, 2022 PART I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 22 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 43 Item 2. Properties 43 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 44 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 44 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 45 Item 6. Reserved 50 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 50 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 65 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 68 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 113 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 113 Item 9B. Other Information 114 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 114 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executives, Officers and Corporate Governance 115 Item 11. Executive Compensation 115 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Related Shareholder Matters 115 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 115 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 115 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 116 SIGNATURES 122 

Table of Contents 
 Part I Item 1. Business Unless the context otherwise requires, references to we , us , our , the Company , or Target Hospitality refer to Target Hospitality Corp. and its consolidated subsidiaries. During 2021, the Company changed the names of select reportable segments to appropriately align with its diversified hospitality and facilities service offerings. The segments formerly known as Permian Basin and Bakken Basin are now referred to as Hospitality Facilities Services South HFS South and Hospitality Facilities Services Midwest HFS Midwest ), respectively. All other reportable segment names remain unchanged. Overview Our company, Target Hospitality, is one of the largest vertically integrated specialty rental and hospitality services companies in North America. We have an extensive network of geographically relocatable specialty rental accommodation units with 16,830 beds across 27 communities. We also operate 2 communities not owned or leased by the Company. The majority of our revenues are generated under committed contracts which provide visibility to future earnings and cash flows. We believe our customers enter into contracts with us because of our differentiated scale and ability to deliver premier accommodations and in-house culinary and hospitality services across many key geographies in which they operate. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated revenues of approximately 502 million. Approximately 66.5 of our revenue was earned from specialty rental with vertically integrated hospitality, specifically lodging and related ancillary services, whereas the remaining 33.5 of revenues were earned through leasing of lodging facilities for the year ended December 31, 2022. For additional information on our revenue related to December 31, 2022 and 2021, refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations located in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Target Hospitality, though initially founded in 1978, began operating as a specialty rental and hospitality services company in 2006. Our company operates across the U.S., primarily in the Southwest and the Midwest. We also own and operate the largest family residential center in the U.S. Target Hospitality provides comprehensive turnkey solutions to customers unique needs, from the initial planning stages through the full cycle of development and ongoing operations. We provide cost-effective and customized specialty rental accommodations, culinary services and hospitality solutions, including site design, construction, operations, security, housekeeping, catering, concierge services and health and recreation facilities. We have established a leadership position in providing a fully integrated service offering to our large customer base, which is comprised of the United States government service providers, major companies supporting natural resource developments, and large-scale infrastructure projects throughout the United States. Our company is built on the foundation of the following core values: safety, care, excellence, integrity and collaboration. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Background For discussion of the background of the business combination, please read the Background section located in the Item 1. Business section in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2020 filed on May 24, 2021 and is incorporated herein by reference. Upon completion of the business combination on March 15, 2019, the Nasdaq trading symbols of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), and our Warrants (as defined below) were changed to TH and THWWW, respectively. Business Model Our business model allows our customers to focus their efforts and resources on their core businesses. This makes us an integral part of the planning and execution phases for all customers. We provide a safe, comfortable, and healthy environment to our guests, employees and workers across the U.S. and anywhere our customers need our facilities and services. Under our Target 12 service model, we provide benefits to our customers, delivering high quality food, rest, connection, wellness, community, and hospitality, which optimizes our customers workforce engagement, performance, safety, loyalty, and productivity during work hours. This facility and service model is provided directly by our employees, who deliver the essential services 24 hours per day for 365 days a year. We provide all of the hospitality services at our sites, and as a result, we believe we deliver more consistent and high-quality hospitality services at each community compared to our peers. Our company and employees are driven by our primary objective of helping our customers workforce reach their full potential every day. Our professionally trained hospitality staff has the unique opportunity to live with our customers as most of our employees live on location at the communities where our customers workforce reside. This allows our employees to develop powerful customer empathy, so we are better able to deliver consistent service quality and care through the Target 12 platform each day. Our employees are focused on the other 12 hours the time our customers and their 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 employees are not working making sure we deliver a well fed, well rested, happier, loyal, safer and more productive employee every day. What we provide our customers workforce off the clock optimizes their performance when they are on the clock. The investment our customers make in their employees the other 12 hours is an essential part of their strategy and overall business and operations execution plan. Using our expansive community network, unique core competencies and full-service turnkey hospitality solutions, we provide critical facilities and hospitality support services for fully integrated natural resource development companies and contractors of the United States Government. Our assets are well-suited to support the full lifecycle of development plans and we are able to scale our facility size to meet customers growing needs. We are well-positioned to continue serving our customers throughout the full cycle of their projects, which typically last for several decades. Our integrated model provides value to our customers by reducing project timing and counterparty risks associated with projects. More broadly, our accommodations networks, combined with our integrated value-added hospitality and facilities services creates value for our customers by optimizing their engagement, performance, safety, loyalty, productivity, preparedness and profitability. Summary of Value-Added Services We take great pride in the premium customer experience we offer across our range of community and hospitality services offerings. The majority of Target s communities include in-house culinary and hospitality services. Our world-class culinary and catering professionals serve approximately 14,000,000 meals on average each year with fresh ingredients and many of our meals are made from scratch. We self-manage most culinary and hospitality services, which provides us with greater control over service quality as well as incremental revenue and profit potential. Our communities are designed to promote rest and quality of life for our customers workforces and include amenities such as: Summary of Amenities at various Communities: Innovative Modular Design Media Lounges and WIFI Throughout Single Occupancy Design Individual Xbox/PSII Pods Swimming Pool, Volleyball, Basketball courts Flat-Screen TVs in Each Room Commercial Kitchen 40+ Premium TV Channel Line-up Fast Food Lounges Personal Laundry Service Full Self Service Dining Areas Individually Controlled HVAC System TV Sport/Entertainment Lounges Hotel Access Unity Lock Systems Training/conference Rooms 24 Hour No-Limit Dining Core Passive Recreation Areas Free DVD Rentals Active Fitness Centers Self Dispensing Free Laundry Lodge Recreation Areas Commercial Laundry Locker/Storage/Boot-up Areas Transportation to Project Site Parking Areas 24 Hour Gated Security Waste Water Treatment Facility Daily Cleaning Custodial Service On-site Commissary Professional Uniformed Staff Our hospitality services and programming are designed to promote safety, security and rest, which in turn promote greater on-the-job productivity for our customers workforces. Our communities strictly adhere to our community code of conduct, which, among other things, prohibits drugs, illegal firearms, co-habitation and guests. We work closely with our customers to ensure that our communities are an extension of the safe environment and culture they aim to provide to their employees while they are on a project location. Our community code of conduct is adopted by each corporate customer and enforced in conjunction with our customers through their documented health, safety and environmental policies, standards and customer management. We recognize that safety and security extends beyond the customers jobsite and is a 24-hour responsibility which requires 24-hour services by Target Hospitality in close collaboration with our customers. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 History and Development Target Hospitality s legacy businesses have grown and developed since they were created. The chart below sets out certain key milestones for each business. 

1978-2010 2011-Present 1978: Target Logistics was founded 2011: Target expanded capacity in Williston, Stanley and Tioga with long-term customers Halliburton, Hess, ONEOK, Schlumberger, Superior Well Service, Key Energy Services and others 1990: Signor Farm and Ranch Real Estate was founded 2011: Signor Lodge opened in Midland, TX (84 rooms) Target awarded contracts for logistics services for Olympics in 1984 (Sarajevo), 1992 (Barcelona), 1996 (Atlanta), 2000 (Sydney), 2002 (Salt Lake City), 2004 (Athens), 2006 (Turin) and 2010 (Vancouver) 2011: Signor Barnhart Lodge opened in Barnhart, TX (160 beds) The Vancouver project consisted of a 1,600 bed facility, a portion of which was subsequently transferred to North Dakota and remains in use today 2012: Target developed additional North Dakota facilities in Dunn County (Q1), Judson Lodge(Q3), Williams County (Q3) and Watford City (Q4) 2005: Target operated 1,100-bed cruise ship anchored in the Gulf of Mexico to support relief efforts during aftermath of Hurricane Katrina 2012: Target expanded service into Texas with the opening of Pecos Lodge (90 beds) in Q4 In addition, built and managed 700-person modular camp in New Orleans with running water, electricity and on-site kitchen services 2013: Target awarded TCPL Keystone KXL pipeline project to house and feed over 6,000 workers (project terminated July 23, 2021) 2007: Target hired by Freeport-McMoRan to build and operate 425-bed facility in Morenci, AZ in support of copper mining operations (re-opening 10/2012) 2014: Target awarded lodge contract for new 200-bed community in the HFS South region 2008: Target provided catering/food services for 600 personnel in support of relief operations in aftermath of Hurricane Ike 2014: Target awarded contract and built 2,400-bed community for U.S. federal government 2009: Target provided housing and logistics services for 1,500 workers during a refurbishment of a refinery in St. Croix 2015: Opened new community in Mentone, TX in Q4 for Anadarko Petroleum Company 2009: Signor Lodging was formed 2016: Signor expanded Midland Lodge several phased expansions 1,000 beds 2010: Target opened Williston Lodge, Muddy River, Tioga and Stanley Cabins in western North Dakota 2016: Signor Kermit Lodge opens with 84 rooms 2017: Signor opened Orla Lodge with 208 rooms 2017: Target expanded network with the expansion of both Wolf Lodge and Pecos Lodge in Q2 2017: Target expanded presence in New Mexico and West Texas with the acquisition of 1,000-room Iron Horse Ranch in Q3 2017: Signor opened El Reno Lodge with 345 rooms 2017: Target expanded presence with 280-room Blackgold Lodge in Q3 2018: Target Logistics rebranded as Target Lodging in March 2018 2018: Target opened new 600-room community in Mentone, Texas 2018: Target added approximately 1,600 rooms across HFS South network 2018: Target expanded community network in the HFS South region through acquisition of Signor, adding 7 locations and approximately 4,500 beds to the network 2019: Target announced new 400-bed community in the HFS South network 2019: Target expanded its community network in the HFS South region through the acquisitions of Superior and ProPetro, adding 4 locations and approximately 758 beds to the network. 2019: El Capitan 200 beds 2019: El Capitan expansion 100 beds 2019: Seven Rivers expansion 200 beds 2021: Government Segment expansion 4,000 beds 2022: Government Segment expansion 2,375 beds We are one of the few vertically integrated specialty rental and hospitality services providers that service the entire value chain from site identification to long-term community development and facilities management. Our industry divides specialty rental accommodations into three primary types: communities, temporary worker lodges and mobile assets. We are principally focused on communities across several end markets, including natural resource developments, large-scale infrastructure and U.S. government. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Communities typically contain a larger number of rooms and require more time and capital to develop. These facilities typically have commercial kitchens, dining areas, conference rooms, medical and dental services, recreational facilities, media lounges and landscaped grounds where climate permits. A substantial portion of our communities are built and underpinned by multi-year committed contracts which often include exclusivity provisions. These facilities are designed to serve the long-term needs of customers regardless of the end markets they serve. Our communities provide fully-integrated and value-added hospitality services, including but not limited to: catering and food services, housekeeping, health and recreation facilities, laundry services and overall workforce community management, as well as water and wastewater treatment, power generation, communications and personnel logistics where required. In contrast, temporary lodges are usually smaller in number of rooms and generally do not include hospitality, catering, facilities services or other value-added on-site services and typically serve customers on a spot or short-term basis without long-term committed contracts. These temporary facilities are open for any customer who needs lodging services. Finally, mobile assets, or rig housing, are designed to follow customers activities and are generally used for drilling rig operators. They are often used to support conventional drilling crews and are contracted on a project-by-project or short-term basis. Our specialty rental modular assets and hospitality services deliver the essential services and accommodations when and where there is a lack of sufficient accessible or cost-effective housing, infrastructure or local labor. Many of the geographic areas near the southern U.S. border lack sufficient temporary housing and infrastructure for asylum-seeking immigrants or may require additional infrastructure in the future. In the U.S. natural resource development industry, many of the largest hydrocarbon reservoirs are in remote and expansive geographic locations, like the Southwestern portion of the United States and North Dakota where limited infrastructure exists. We support the development of these necessary natural resources by providing the fully-integrated and value-added hospitality services described above. Our communities and integrated hospitality services allow our customers to outsource their accommodations needs to a single provider, optimizing employee morale, productivity, safety, and loyalty while focusing their investment on their core businesses and long term planning. The communities we own, operate, or manage, as well as those facilities we own but are managed by other operators, are subject to competition for residents from other private operators. We compete primarily on location, cost, the quality and range of services offered, our experience in the design, construction, and management of facilities, and our reputation. We compete with government agencies that are responsible for residential facilities. Government sector demand for facilities is affected by a number of factors, including the demand for beds, general economic conditions and the size of the populations needing these services. Demand for accommodations and related services within the natural resource development end market is influenced by four primary factors: (i) available infrastructure, (ii) competition, (iii) workforce requirements, and (iv) capital spending. Anticipated capital spending, and our customers expectations for future capital spending as well as larger infrastructure requirements, influence customers development on current productive assets, maintenance on current assets, expansion of existing assets and development of greenfield, brownfield or new assets. In addition to capital requirements, different types of customer activity require varying workforce sizes, influencing the demand for accommodations. Also, competing locations and services influence demand for our assets and services. Demand within our government end market is primarily influenced by immigration, including the ongoing need to accommodate asylum seekers and unaccompanied minors as well as federal governmental policy and budgets. Continued increases in immigration activity have influenced government spending on infrastructure in immigration-impacted regions and consequentially demand for accommodations and related services. Another factor that influences demand for our rooms and services is the type of customer we are supporting. Generally, natural resource development customers require larger workforces during construction and expansionary periods and therefore have a higher demand for accommodations. Due to the contiguous nature of their land positions, a hub and spoke model is utilized. Customers that support natural resource development also require larger and more mobile 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 workforces which, in many cases, consist of employees sourced from outside of the work areas. These employees, described as rotational workers, permanently reside in another region or state and commute to the regions served by our HFS South or HFS Midwest segments on a rotational basis (often, two weeks on and one week off). In addition, proximity to customer activities influences occupancy and demand. We have built, own and operate the two largest specialty rental and hospitality services networks available to customers operating in the regions served by our HFS South and HFS Midwest segments. These networks allow our customers to utilize one provider across a large and expansive geographic area. Our broad network often results in us having communities that are the closest to our customers job sites, which reduces commute times and costs, and improves the overall safety of our customers workforce. Generally, if a community is within a one hour drive of a customer s work location, our contractual exclusivity provisions with our customers require the customers to have their workforce lodge at one of our communities. Our communities provide customers with cost efficiencies, as they are able to jointly use our communities and related infrastructure (power, water, sewer and IT) services alongside other customers operating in the same vicinity. Demand for our services is dependent upon activity levels, particularly our customers capital spending on natural resource development activities and government housing programs. Our customers spending plans generally are based on their view of commodity supply and demand dynamics, as well as the outlook for their medium and long-term commodity prices and annual government appropriations. Our current footprint supporting natural resource development customers is strategically concentrated in the southwestern portion of the United States near the Permian Basin region served by our HFS South segment. The Permian stretches across the southeast corner of New Mexico and through a large portion of land in western Texas, encompassing approximately a hundred thousand square miles and dozens of counties and is the lowest cost basin in the U.S., providing the most economic natural resource development inventory. Business Strengths Strategies Strengths Market Leader in Strategically Located Geographies . We are one of North America s largest providers of turnkey specialty rental units with premium catering and hospitality services including 29 strategically located communities with approximately 16,800 beds primarily in the highest demand regions of the southwestern United States. Utilizing our large network of communities with the most bed capacity, particularly within the regions served by our Government, HFS South and HFS Midwest segments, we believe we are the only provider with the scale and regional density to serve all of our customers needs in these key areas. Additionally, our network and relocatable facility assets allow us to transfer the rental fleet to locations that meet our customer service needs across our segments allowing us to achieve a higher return on capital. We leverage our scale and experience to deliver a comprehensive service offering of vertically integrated accommodations and hospitality services that provides a compelling economic value proposition to our customers. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Long-Standing Relationships with Diversified Large Integrated Customers. We have long standing relationships with our diversified base of approximately 300 customers, which includes some of the largest blue-chip, investment grade natural resource development and integrated infrastructure companies in North America. We believe we have also established strong relationships in our U.S. government end market with our contract partners and the federal agencies we serve. We initially won our large government sub-contract in 2014 based upon our differentiated ability to develop and open a permanent large-scale facility on an accelerated timeline. This contract was renewed and extended in 2016 and 2020, demonstrating our successful execution and customer satisfaction. The relationships we have established over the past decade have been built on trust and credibility given our track record of performance and delivering value to our customers by providing a broad range of hospitality service offerings within a community atmosphere. Target s customers willingness to enter into multi- year committed contracts, and our historical client retainment rate of over 90 , demonstrates the strength of these long-standing relationships. Committed Revenue and Exclusivity Produce Highly Visible, Recurring Revenue. The vast majority of our revenues are generated under multi-year contracts that include committed payment terms or exclusivity provisions, under which our customers agree to use our network for all their accommodation needs within the geographies we serve. In 2022, approximately 74 of our revenues had committed payment provisions and approximately 99 were under long-term contract, including exclusivity. The weighted average length of our contracts is approximately 50 months and we have maintained a consistent client renewal rate of over 90 for the last 5 years. Our customers enter into long-term agreements and consistently renew their contracts to ensure that sufficient accommodations and hospitality services are in place to properly care for their large workforces. Our multi-year contracts and consistent renewal rates provide recurring revenue and high visibility on future financial performance. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Proven Performance and Resiliency Through the Various Economic Cycles. Our business model is generally well insulated from economic cycles. For example, we secured a major new contract in 2021 as well as a renewal and extension in 2020 and in 2022, each under our Government Segment which together represents approximately 72 of Target Hospitality s 2022 revenue. Additionally, we utilize the same asset base across our operating segments, which allows us to efficiently optimize our modular assets and redeploy them, as warranted by customer demand. In 2022, this asset continuity allowed us to quickly react to dynamic growth opportunities in our Government segment by redeploying underutilized assets from our HFS Midwest segment. Long-lived Assets Requiring Minimal Maintenance Capital Expenditures. Our long-lived specialty rental assets support robust cash flow generation. Our rental assets have an average life in excess of 15 years, and we typically recover our initial investment within the first few years of initial capital deployment. Our maintenance capital between 2018 and 2022 has ranged from approximately 0.4 to 4 of annual revenue with an average of 1.8 of annual revenue. We maintain low maintenance capital expenditures, as cleaning and routine maintenance costs are included in day-to-day operating costs and recovered through the average daily rates that we charge our customers. This continual care of our assets supports extended asset lives and the ongoing ability to operate with only nominal maintenance capital expenditures. The investment profile of our rental assets underpins our industry leading unit economics. Our contract discipline underpins our investment decision making and any spending on new growth investments is underwritten by contracts, with no speculative building. Generally, we do not invest capital unless we expect to meet our internal return thresholds. Due to the high revenue visibility from long-term contracts, we are poised to generate robust and stable cash flows driven by historical strategic growth investments and minimal future maintenance capital expenditure requirements. Strategies We believe that we can further develop our business by, among other things: Expansion Through Acquisitions and Diversify Our Service Offerings . We selectively pursue acquisitions and business combinations related to specialty rental and hospitality services in the markets we currently serve as well as adjacent markets that offer existing complimentary services to ours. Leveraging our core competencies related to facilities management, culinary services, catering and site services, we believe that we can further scale these elements of our business and replicate it in other geographies and end markets. We continue to assess targeted acquisitions and business combinations that would be accretive to us while also expanding our end markets. Maintaining and Expanding Existing Customer Relationships . Growing and maintaining key customer relationships is a strategic priority. We fill existing bed capacity within our communities, while optimizing our inventory for existing customer expansion or for new customers. Keeping this balance provides us with flexibility and a competitive advantage when pursuing new contract opportunities as top-tier customers find enhanced value in the scale and flexibility of Target s world class network, which supports their comprehensive and dynamic housing and food management requirements. With the scale of our accommodations network, a significant number of our key customers are commercially exclusive to Target Hospitality as their primary and preferred provider of accommodations and hospitality services throughout the U.S. or for a designated geographic area. Enhancing Contract Scope and Services . One of our strategic focus areas is to enhance the scope and terms of our customer contracts. We intend to continue our historical track record of renewing and extending these contracts at favorable commercial and economic terms, while also providing additional value added services to our customers. For example, we have expanded our presence across multiple government agencies creating broad reaching opportunities to extend reach beyond our core 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 accommodations platform. Intentionally growing revenue in an attractive government services end market, allowed us to high-grade contracts and significantly expand Target s growth pipeline. Disciplined Growth Capital Expenditures to Increase Capacity . We selectively pursue opportunities to expand existing communities and develop new communities to satisfy customer demand. We employ rigorous discipline to our capital expenditures to grow our business. Our investment strategy is generally to only deploy new capital with visibility typically a contract to revenue and returns to meet our internal return hurdles often with capital recovery mechanisms. We target high returns on invested capital and achieve these returns due to our high cash-on-cash margin profile. Growing and Pursuing New Customer/Contract Opportunities . We continually seek additional opportunities to lease our facilities to government, natural resource development, and other third-party owners or operators in need of specialty rental and hospitality services. We have a proven track record of success in executing our specialty rental and facilities management model across several end markets for ongoing needs as well as major projects that have finite project life cycle durations. A strong national presence creates a platform to expand geographical reach into a wide range of industry applications, while significantly expanding Target s longterm growth pipeline by utilizing existing core competencies to broaden service offerings across a variety of business and commercial applications. While special projects do not constitute a large portion of our business, it is typical for us to secure some special projects that can last anywhere from 1-5 years (or more). We have designated sales-related resources that focus on special finite life cycle projects and maintain a dynamic business pipeline which includes but is not limited to special projects across end markets. Business Operations Target Hospitality provides specialty rental and hospitality services, temporary specialty rental and hospitality services solutions and facilities management services across North America. The Company s primary customers are U.S. Government related contractors, investment grade natural resource development companies and other workforce accommodation providers operating in the regions served by our HFS South and Midwest segments. The Company s specialty rental and hospitality and management services are highly customizable and are tailored to each customer s needs and requirements. Target Hospitality is also an approved U.S. General Services Administration GSA contract holder and offers a comprehensive range of housing, deployment, operations and management services through its GSA professional services schedule agreement. The GSA contract allows U.S. federal agencies to acquire our products and services directly from Target Hospitality which expedites the commercial procurement process often required by government agencies. Target Hospitality operates its business in four key end markets: (i) government Government ), which includes the facilities, services and operations of (a) the family residential center and the related support communities in Dilley, Texas (the South Texas Family Residential Center provided pursuant to its lease and services agreement with a national provider of migrant programming; and (b) several facilities in West, Texas provided pursuant to its lease and services agreement with a leading national nonprofit organization NP Partner in support of their humanitarian aid efforts, both locations backed by committed United States Government contracts; (ii) HFS South, which includes the facilities and operations in fourteen communities located across Texas and New Mexico; (iii) HFS Midwest, which includes facilities and operations in three communities in North Dakota; and (iv) TCPL Keystone TCPL Keystone ), which provided ongoing preparatory work and plans for facilities and services provided in connection with the TC Energy (formerly TransCanada) Keystone pipeline project. The Company terminated the underlying contract and settled with TC Energy in July 2021 related to these ongoing preparatory work and plans, which eliminated all activity from this end market subsequent to July 2021. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 The map below shows the Company s primary community locations in the HFS South and the HFS Midwest segments (including three locations outside of these segments). 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 The table below presents the Company s owned and leased communities in the HFS South, HFS Midwest, Government, and All Other segments as of December 31, 2022. 

Segment Community Name Location Status Number of Beds Government Dilley (STFRC) Dilley, Texas Own 2,556 Government Pecos Children s Center Pecos, Texas Own 2,000 Government Pecos Blue Lodge Pecos, Texas Own 1,000 Government Railhead Lodge Pecos, Texas Lease/Operate 225 Government Delaware Lodge Orla, Texas Own/Operate 425 Government Skillman Station Lodge Mentone, Texas Own/Operate 1,038 Government Lodge 118 Pecos, Texas Own/Operate 1,398 Government Pecos Trail Lodge Pecos, Texas Own/Operate 558 Government HFS - South Pecos South Lodge Pecos, Texas Own/Operate 772 HFS - South Orla North Lodge Orla, Texas Own/Operate 155 HFS - South Orla South Lodge Orla, Texas Own/Operate 240 HFS - South El Capitan Lodge Orla, Texas Own/Operate 429 HFS - South Odessa West Lodge Odessa, Texas Own/Operate 805 HFS - South Odessa East Lodge Odessa, Texas Own/Operate 280 HFS - South Mentone Wolf Lodge Mentone, Texas Own/Operate 530 HFS - South Midland Lodge Midland, Texas Own/Operate 843 HFS - South Midland East Lodge Midland, Texas Own/Operate 168 HFS - South Kermit Lodge Kermit, Texas Own/Operate 232 HFS - South Kermit North Lodge Kermit, Texas Own/Operate 180 HFS - South Carlsbad Lodge Carlsbad, New Mexico Own/Operate 606 HFS - South Seven Rivers Lodge Carlsbad, New Mexico Own/Operate 640 HFS - South Jal Lodge Jal, New Mexico Own/Operate 466 HFS - Midwest Williams County Lodge Williston, North Dakota Own/Operate 300 HFS - Midwest Judson Executive Lodge Williston, North Dakota Own/Operate 100 HFS - Midwest Watford City Lodge Watford City, North Dakota Own/Operate 334 All Other Cheecham Lodge Alberta, Canada Own/Operate 215 All Other El Reno Lodge El Reno, Oklahoma Own/Operate 335 Total Number of Beds 16,830 Government The Government segment includes, but is not limited to, two primary end markets which make up approximately 72 of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022: Residential Facilities . Residential facilities, including the South Texas Family Residential Center (discussed below), provide space and residential services in an open and safe environment to women with children. Residential facilities offer services including, but not limited to, educational programs, medical care, recreational activities, counseling, and access to religious and legal services. 
 Humanitarian Aid Efforts. Community facilities providing a suite of comprehensive service offerings supporting humanitarian aid efforts. Target Hospitality built and currently leases and operates the South Texas Family Residential Center through a sub-lease and services agreement with a national provider of migrant programming, which provides management services. Target Hospitality owns the facility and provides select on-site services including catering, culinary, management, janitorial and light maintenance. The South Texas Family Residential Center includes 524,000 square feet of building space including residential housing units with 2,400 beds, as well as classrooms, a library, chapels, an infirmary with full medical, dental, pharmaceutical and x-ray capabilities, a dining hall, offices and an industrial laundry center. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 In March 2021, the Company entered into a lease and services agreement with our NP Partner, backed by a committed United States Government contract, to provide a suite of comprehensive service offerings in support of their humanitarian aid efforts at a residential housing facility. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company executed a new contract with our NP Partner that became effective on May 16, 2022, which represented a significantly expanded lease and services agreement Expanded Humanitarian Contract to provide enhanced infrastructure and comprehensive facility services that support the critical hospitality solutions the Company provides to the NP Partner and the U.S. Government in their humanitarian aid missions. The Expanded Humanitarian Contract provided for a significant scope expansion and term extension for the continuation of services provided under the agreement that originated in March 2021 with approximately 6,375 beds. This partnership is consistent with our Government segment and strategy of diversifying end-markets through high quality contracts with premier partners that provide strong revenue visibility and cash flows. We look forward to expanding the products and services of our Government segment through our GSA designations, specifically our designation to maintain the professional services schedule PSS for logistics service solutions, which are designed to assist federal agencies in procuring comprehensive logistics solutions, including planning, consulting, management, and operational support when deploying supplies, equipment, materials and associated personnel. GSA s PSS is a multiple award schedule MAS contract for innovative solutions, offered to federal, state and local governments, for their professional service s needs. Having a PSS signifies that we have been vetted as a responsible supplier, our pricing has been determined to be fair and reasonable and we are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. PSS is one of the GSA s schedule contracts, which are indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity IDIQ ), long-term contracts under the GSA MAS program. GSA schedule contracts were developed to assist federal employees in purchasing products and services and they contain pre-negotiated prices, delivery terms, warranties, and other terms and conditions which streamline the buying process. The Government segment generated approximately 72 or 360.3 million of the Company s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. The map below shows the Company s primary community locations in the Government segment. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Hospitality Facilities Services - South The HFS South segment serves an area that stretches across the southeast corner of New Mexico and a large portion of western Texas, encompassing approximately a hundred thousand square miles and dozens of counties. This geographic area, also known as the Permian Basin, is one of the world s oldest natural resource producing regions. Our customers utilize both unconventional and conventional development techniques, encompassing multiple stacked development zones, which increases the potential recoverable resource and lengthens their development lifecycle. While understanding the significant economic potential in this region, Target entered the market in 2012, ahead of many of our competitors. We started in HFS South with an 80-bed community in Pecos, TX. As of December 31, 2022, with 14 communities and approximately 6,000 beds across HFS South, we offer the largest network of turnkey specialty rental accommodations and hospitality services. The HFS - South segment generated approximately 26 or 132.4 million of the Company s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. The map below shows the Company s primary community locations in the HFS South region. Hospitality Facilities Services - Midwest The HFS Midwest segment serves an area that spans North Dakota and is home to the largest concentration of natural resource development in the geographic region. In 2009, we entered this regional market and built our first community in Williston, North Dakota for a large natural resources services company. The community was the first of its kind in the region and provided specialty rental and hospitality services for more than 150 remote workers. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had three community locations and 706 available beds serving customers in the HFS Midwest region. We are the largest specialty rental and hospitality services provider in the region with approximately 35 of the market share with the next closest direct competitor having less than 16 of the market share. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 The HFS - Midwest segment generated approximately 1 or 6.2 million of the Company s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. The map below shows the Company s community locations in the region. TCPL Keystone Future Pipeline Services Plans We contracted with TC Energy to construct, deliver, cater and manage all accommodations and hospitality services in conjunction with the planned construction of the TCPL Keystone project. Our contract with TC Energy was executed in 2013. In October 2018, we received partial release for certain pre-work related to the project and performed a limited scope of work based on work orders issued by TC Energy. During 2020, activity related to this segment increased to a level that resulted in revenue exceeding 10 of our consolidated revenues for the first time and as such, this segment became a reportable segment in 2020. In January 2021, the TCPL Keystone project was suspended due to the revocation of the Keystone XL Presidential Permit. Consequently, on July 23, 2021, the Company executed a Termination and Settlement Agreement (the Termination and Settlement Agreement terminating the Company s contract with TC Energy that was originated in 2013. As a result of the Termination and Settlement Agreement, no further activity is expected in this segment. All Other In addition to the four reportable segments above, the Company: (i) has facilities and operations for one community in Oklahoma; (ii) has facilities and operations for one community in Canada; and (iii) provides catering and other services to communities and other workforce accommodation facilities for the natural resource development industries not owned by Target Hospitality Facilities Management ). 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 The Company provides specialty rental and hospitality services including concierge, culinary, catering, maintenance, security, janitorial and related services at facilities owned by other companies. We currently provide Facilities Management, culinary and catering services and site services for one facility located in Wyoming for which we do not own the specialty rental accommodation assets. Segment information for December 31, 2022 and 2021 For additional information on our segments, including Government, HFS - South, HFS - Midwest, TCPL Keystone, and Other, related to December 31, 2022 and 2021, refer to Note 20 of our audited consolidated financial statements located in Part II, Item 8 within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Customers and Competitors The Company s principal customers include U.S. Government contractors, investment grade natural resource development companies and energy infrastructure companies. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had two customers, who accounted for approximately 61 and 11 of our revenue, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had two customers, who accounted for approximately 35 and 19 of our revenue, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we had two customers, who accounted for approximately 28 and 19 of our revenue, respectively. Generally, the Company competes based on factors including quality and breadth of available locations and room utilization, modular construction time and development expertise, proactive logistics management, geographic areas serviced, average daily rate, facility quality, and food management. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 The accommodation facilities market in our HFS business is segmented into competitors that serve components of the overall value chain, but very few offer the entire suite of hospitality services to our customers. Our HFS competitors primarily include small, independent businesses with a few locations, often with little to no contracts and with significantly fewer rooms, or RV parks that offer no turn-key services or modular accommodation solutions. The accommodations market within our government business is generally segmented into competitors that primarily serve as temporary facilities with seasonal contracts, and tent providers with limited scale and services. U.S. Government sites typically do not own and operate the full suite of hospitality solutions, but contract out to third-parties for more limited offerings and on a shorter-term basis. The Company s Community and Services Contracts For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue related to the HFS South and HFS Midwest segments represented approximately 26 and 1 of our revenue, respectively, revenue related to our Government segment represented 72 of our revenue, revenue related to our TCPL Keystone segment represented 0 of our revenue, and Other revenue represented less than 1 of our revenue. Lease and Services Agreements The Company s operations in the HFS South and HFS Midwest segments are primarily conducted through committed contractual minimum revenue arrangements with its customers. For certain of the Company s largest customers, it uses network lease and services agreements NLSAs which cover the customer s full enterprise and are exclusive agreements with set terms and rates for all geographic regions in which the Company operates. The NLSAs obligate the customers to use the Company s facilities and services across the U.S. The Company s NLSAs have an average set term of two to three years. Certain other customers are subject to lease and services agreements LSAs which are more limited in geographic scope and cover only specified areas with the same structural commercial terms as the NLSAs. The LSAs obligate customers to pay for a fixed amount of rooms over a term regardless of occupancy with terms that can range from one month to multiple years. LSAs generally do not have termination provisions in favor of the customer. The Company also has master services agreements MSAs with certain customers which are typically exclusive arrangements without the committed component of the NLSAs and LSAs and no minimum contractual liability for the customer. The Company s operations in the Government segment includes the South Texas Family Residential Center pursuant to a contractual arrangement (the Family Residential Center Contract or FRCC with a national provider of migrant programming (the FRCC Partner ). This FRCC provides for the Company s sublease and ongoing operation of the South Texas Family Residential Center through September 2026. Our FRCC Partner depends on the U.S. government and its funding. Any impasse or delay in reaching a federal budget agreement, debt ceiling or government shutdowns, and the subsequent lack of funding to the applicable government entity, could result in material payment delays, payment reductions or contract terminations. The government may terminate the contract with our FRCC Partner for convenience on 60 days notice; in the event this should occur, our FRCC Partner may terminate its agreement with us upon 60 days notice. The Company also operates several facilities in connection with a lease and services agreement with the NP Partner, backed by a committed United States Government contract, to provide a suite of comprehensive service offerings in support of their humanitarian aid efforts. The initial contract, including subsequent change orders and amendments, had a value of approximately 129 million and was fully committed over its initial one-year term, which commenced March 18, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company executed the Expanded Humanitarian 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Contract with our NP Partner that became effective on May 16, 2022, which represented a significantly expanded lease and services agreement to provide enhanced infrastructure and comprehensive facility services supporting the NP Partner and the U.S. Government in their humanitarian aid missions. The Expanded Humanitarian Contract provided for a significant scope expansion and term extension for the continuation of services provided under the agreement that originated in March 2021. The Expanded Humanitarian Contract operates with similar structure to the Company s existing government services contracts, which are centered around minimum revenue commitments supported by the United States Government. Additionally, the Expanded Humanitarian Contract includes variable services revenue that will align with monthly community population. The minimum revenue commitments, which consist of annual recurring lease revenue and nonrecurring infrastructure enhancement revenue, provide for a minimum annual revenue contribution of approximately 390 million and is fully committed over its initial contract term. The services revenue component provides for a maximum initial annual total contract value of approximately 575 million. Our NP Partner depends on the U.S. government and its funding. Any impasse or delay in reaching a federal budget agreement, debt ceiling or government shutdowns, and the subsequent lack of funding to the applicable government entity, could result in material payment delays, payment reductions or contract terminations. The government may terminate this contract with our NP Partner for convenience; in the event this should occur, our NP Partner may terminate its agreement with us for convenience. Regulatory and Environmental Compliance Our business and the businesses of the Company s customers can be affected significantly by federal, state, municipal and local laws and regulations relating to the natural resource and mining industries, food safety and environmental protection. The Company incurs significant costs to comply with these laws and regulations in operating its business. However, changes in these laws, including more stringent regulations and increased levels of enforcement of these laws and regulations, or new interpretations thereof, and the development of new laws and regulations could impact the Company s business and result in increased compliance or operating costs associated with its or its customers operations. In addition, our customers include U.S. government contractors, which means that we may, indirectly, be subject to various statutes and regulations applicable to doing business with the U.S. government. U.S. government contracts and grants normally contain additional requirements that may increase our costs of doing business, reduce our profits, and expose us to liability for failure to comply with these terms and conditions. If we fail to maintain compliance with these requirements, our contracts may be subject to termination, and we may be subject to financial and/or other liability under its contracts or under the Federal Civil False Claims Act (the False Claims Act ). To the extent that these laws and regulations impose more stringent requirements or increased costs or delays upon the Company s customers in the performance of their operations, the resulting demand for the Company s services by those customers may be adversely affected. Moreover, climate change laws or regulations could increase the cost of consuming, and thereby reduce demand for natural resources, which could reduce the Company s customers demand for its services. The Company cannot predict changes in the level of enforcement of existing laws and regulations, how these laws and regulations may be interpreted or the effect changes in these laws and regulations may have on the Company or its customers or on our future operations or earnings. The Company also cannot predict the extent to which new laws and regulations will be adopted or whether such new laws and regulations may impose more stringent or costly restrictions on its customers or its operations. Human Capital The Company s key human capital management objectives are to attract, retain and develop talent to deliver on the Company s strategy. To support these objectives, the Company s human resources programs are designed to: keep employees safe and healthy; enhance the Company s culture through efforts aimed at making the workplace more 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 inclusive; acquire and retain diverse talent; reward and support employees through competitive pay and benefit programs; develop talent to prepare them for critical roles and leadership positions; and facilitate internal talent mobility to create a high-performing workforce. The Company employed approximately 921 people as of December 31, 2022. Our workforce is comprised of all full-time employees. Of the total population as of December 31, 2022, approximately 518 of our employees worked in the HFS South segment, approximately 29 of our employees worked in the HFS Midwest segment, no employees worked in the TCPL Keystone segment, approximately 288 of our employees worked in the Government segment, and approximately 26 of our employees worked in the All Other segment. The remaining 60 employees worked in Corporate. None of the Company s employees are unionized or members of collective bargaining arrangements. The Company focuses on the following in managing its human capital: Health and safety: We have a safety program that focuses on implementing management systems, policies and training programs and performing assessments to see that workers are trained properly, and that injuries and incidents are prevented. All of our employees are empowered with stop-work authority which enables them to immediately stop any unsafe or potentially hazardous working condition or behavior they may observe. We utilize a mixture of indicators to assess the safety performance of our operations, including total recordable injury rate, preventable motor vehicle incidents and corrective actions. We also recognize outstanding safety behaviors through us at the local community level. Importantly, during the COVID-19 pandemic, our continuing focus on health and safety enabled us to preserve business continuity without sacrificing our commitment to keeping our colleagues safe. Employee wellness: The Company s Safe Healthy program is a comprehensive approach to wellness that encourages healthy behaviors and is intended to raise morale, productivity, and overall employee engagement. The program includes a health assessment, no cost preventive care through the medical plan, two personal paid days off to be used for physical and mental health, tobacco cessation support through our medical insurance carrier, and an employee assistance program. Approximately 40 of eligible employees participated in the Health Safety program in 2022. Diversity Inclusion D I ): Inclusion is how we foster an environment where various backgrounds are celebrated and encouraged to grow and learn by valuing the skills and expertise a diverse workforce provides. We believe that an inclusive and a diverse team is key to the success of our culture and aim to drive D I initiatives. The Company s D I initiatives are operationalized through three core elements: (1) senior management s endorsement of and alignment with the programs; (2) focused efforts in increasing diversity in the talent pipeline and our hiring; (3) creating an inclusive work environment where differences are welcomed. In addition, the Company has made hiring and supporting veterans and minorities, especially in leadership roles, a priority. The Company analyzes diversity in the workforce on at least an annual basis and develops action plans from the results to spark dialogue among employees and leaders in an effort to build a more inclusive, diverse and empowered culture at the Company. As of December 31, 2022, women constituted approximately 41 of our workforce and self-identified racial or ethnic minorities represented 35 of our workforce. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion are core to our culture, and we believe that a diverse workforce is critical to our success. Compensation programs and employee benefits: Our compensation and benefits programs provide a package designed to attract, retain and motivate employees. In addition to competitive base salaries, the Company provides a variety of short-term, long-term, and commission-based incentive compensation programs to reward performance relative to key metrics. We offer comprehensive benefit options including retirement savings plans, medical insurance, prescription drug benefits, dental insurance, vision insurance, accident and critical illness insurance, life and disability insurance, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, legal insurance, auto/home insurance and identity theft insurance. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Employee experience and retention: To evaluate our employee experience and retention efforts, we monitor a number of employee measures, such as employee retention. To provide an open and frequent line of communication for all employees, we encourage staff meetings at every community. Training and development: The Company is committed to the continued development of its people. We aim for all applicable new hires to attend new hire orientation training within 90 days of hire. Additionally, we offer a wide array of training solutions (classroom, hands-on and e-learning) for our employees. In 2022, our employees enhanced their skills through training, including safety training, leadership training and equipment-related training from our suppliers. Our performance process encourages performance and development check-ins throughout the year to provide for development at all levels across the Company. Intellectual Property Target Hospitality owns a number of trademarks important to the business. Its material trademarks are registered or pending registration in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The business operates primarily under the Target Hospitality brand. Properties Corporate Headquarters Target Hospitality s headquarters are located in The Woodlands, Texas. Its executive, financial, accounting, legal, administrative, management information systems and human resources functions operate from this single, leased office. For a list of real property owned material to the operations of Target Hospitality, refer to Part I Item 2 within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Communities/Owned and Leased Real Estate Target Hospitality operates 29 communities, of which it owns the underlying real property of 38 , leases the underlying real property of 42 , and both owns and leases the underlying real property of 10 . The remaining 10 are customer sites. Available Information Our website address is www.targethospitality.com. We make available, free of charge through our website, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC maintains an internet website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding Target Hospitality Corp. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors Risk Factors Summary Below is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our Common Stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found immediately following this summary and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC before making an investment decision regarding our Common Stock. Operational Risks Our operations are and will be exposed to operational, economic, political and regulatory risks. We face significant competition in the specialty rental sector. We depend on several significant customers. The loss of one or more such customers or the inability of one or more such customers to meet their obligations could adversely affect our results of operations. Our business depends on the quality and reputation of the Company and its communities, and any deterioration in such quality or reputation could adversely impact its market share, business, financial condition or results of operations. We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from the Government segment. The loss of, or a significant decrease in revenues from, any customer in this concentrated segment could seriously harm our financial condition and results of operations. Our business may be adversely affected by periods of low commodity prices or unsuccessful exploration results which may decrease customers spending and our results. Demand for our products and services is sensitive to changes in demand within a number of key industry end-markets and geographic regions Increased operating costs and obstacles to cost recovery due to the pricing and cancellation terms of our specialty rental and hospitality services contracts may constrain its ability to make a profit. Our future operating results may fluctuate, fail to match past performance, or fail to meet expectations. Public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic and their impact on business and economic conditions and government requirements could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Financial Accounting Risks If we determine that our goodwill and intangible assets have become impaired, we may incur impairment charges, which would negatively impact our reported operating results. The valuation of our Private Warrants could cause volatility in our net income (loss). Social, Political and Regulatory Risks Failure to comply with government regulations related to food and beverages may subject us to liability. Unanticipated changes in our tax obligations, the adoption of a new tax legislation, or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect profitability. We are subject to various laws and regulations including those governing our contractual relationships. Obligations and liabilities under these laws and regulations may materially harm our business. We are subject to evolving public disclosure, financial reporting and corporate governance expectations and regulations that impact compliance costs and risks of noncompliance. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Growth, Development and Financing Risks We may not be able to successfully acquire and integrate new operations, which could cause our business to suffer. Global, national or local economic movements could have a material adverse effect on our business. Information Technology and Privacy Risks Any failure of our management information systems could disrupt our business and result in decreased revenue and increased overhead costs. Our business could be negatively impacted by security threats, including cyber-security threats. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness Our leverage may make it difficult for us to service our debt and operate our business. Global capital and credit markets conditions could materially adversely affect our ability to access the capital and credit markets or the ability of key counterparties to perform their obligations to it. We are, and may in the future become, subject to covenants that limit our operating and financial flexibility and, if we default under our debt covenants, we may not be able to meet our payment obligations. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significantly increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance efforts. Our principal stockholder has substantial control over our business, which may be disadvantageous to other stockholders. We are an emerging growth company and as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, our Common Stock may be less attractive. Risk Factors Operational Risks Our operations are and will be exposed to operational economic, political and regulatory risks. Our operations could be affected by economic, political and regulatory risks. These risks include: multiple regulatory requirements that are subject to change and that could restrict our ability to build and operate our communities and other sites;
 inflation or other increases in costs relating to personnel, utilities, insurance, medical and food, recession, fluctuations in interest rates;
 compliance with applicable export control laws and economic sanctions laws and regulations;
 trade protection measures, including increased duties and taxes, and import or export licensing requirements;
 ownership regulations;
 compliance with applicable antitrust and other regulatory rules and regulations relating to potential future acquisitions;
 different local product preferences and product requirements;

 23 

Table of Contents 
 challenges in maintaining, staffing and managing national operations;
 bankruptcy or insolvency of our customers, thereby reducing demand for our services;
 different labor regulations;
 potentially adverse consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws;
 political and economic instability;
 federal government budgeting and appropriations;
 enforcement of remedies in various jurisdictions;
 the risk that the business partners upon whom we depend for technical assistance or management and acquisition expertise will not perform as expected; and
 differences in business practices that may result in violation of our policies including but not limited to bribery and collusive practices.
 
 These and other risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We face significant competition as a provider of specialty rental and hospitality services in the specialty rental sector. If we are unable to compete successfully, we could lose customers and our revenue and profitability could decline. Although our competition varies significantly by market, the specialty rental and hospitality services industry, in general, is highly competitive. We compete on the basis of a number of factors, including equipment availability, quality, price, service, reliability, appearance, functionality and delivery terms. We may experience pricing pressures in our operations in the future as some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by reducing prices. We may also face reduced demand for our products and services if our competitors are able to provide new or innovative products or services that better appeal to our potential customers. In each of our current markets, we face competition from national, regional and local companies who have an established market position in the specific service area. We expect to encounter similar competition in any new markets that we may enter. Some of our competitors may have greater market share, less indebtedness, greater pricing flexibility, more attractive product or service offerings, or superior marketing and financial resources. In addition, if some of our government customers have capacity at the facilities which they operate, they may choose to use less capacity at our facilities. Increased competition could result in lower profit margins, substantial pricing pressure, and reduced market share. Price competition, together with other forms of competition, may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We depend on several significant customers. The loss of one or more such customers or the inability of one or more such customers to meet their obligations could adversely affect our results of operations. We depend on several significant customers. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our five largest customers accounted for approximately 81 of our total revenue. For a more detailed explanation of our customers, see the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Business. The loss of any one of our largest customers in any of our business segments or a sustained decrease in demand by any of such customers could result in a substantial loss of revenues and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, the concentration of customers in the industries in which we operate may impact our overall exposure to credit risk, either positively or negatively, in that customers may be similarly affected by changes in economic, political and industry conditions. As a result of our customer concentration, risks of nonpayment and nonperformance by our counterparties are a concern in our business. We are subject to risks of loss resulting from nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers. Failure to manage our credit risk and receive timely payments on our customer accounts receivable may result in the write-off of 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 customer receivables. If we are not able to manage credit risk, or if a number of significant customers should have financial difficulties at the same time, our credit and equipment losses would increase above historical levels. If this should occur, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. The inability or failure of our significant customers to meet their obligations to us or their insolvency or liquidation may adversely affect our financial results. Our business depends on the quality and reputation of the Company and its communities. Any deterioration in the quality and reputation of the Company or public resistance, potential legal challenges to, and increasing scrutiny of our industry, could affect our ability to obtain new contracts or result in the loss of existing contracts and negatively impact our brand or reputation, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Many factors can influence our reputation and the value of our communities, including quality of services, food quality and safety, availability and management of scarce natural resources, supply chain management, diversity, human rights and support for local communities. In addition, events that may be beyond our control could affect the reputation of one or more of our communities or more generally impact the reputation of the Company, including protests directed at government immigration policies, violent incidents at one or more communities or other sites or criminal activity. Reputational value is also based on perceptions, and broad access to social media makes it easy for anyone to provide public feedback that can influence perceptions of the Company and its communities, and it may be difficult to control or effectively manage negative publicity, regardless of whether it is accurate. While reputations may take decades to build, negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse mainstream and social media publicity, governmental investigations or penalties, or litigation. Negative incidents could lead to tangible adverse effects on our business, including customer boycotts, loss of customers, loss of development opportunities or employee retention and recruiting difficulties. A decline in the reputation or perceived quality of our communities or corporate image could negatively affect its market share, reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. Increased public resistance, including negative media attention and public opinion, to the use of private companies for the management and operation of facilities supporting immigration, may negatively impact our brand and the public perception of the Company. Maintaining and promoting our brand will depend largely on our ability to differentiate ourselves from the direct participants in the ongoing conflict around immigration policy. If we are portrayed negatively in the press or associated with the ongoing social and political debates around immigration policy, our public image and reputation could be irreparably tarnished and our brand could be harmed. If we are unable to counter such negative media attention effectively, investors may lose confidence in our business, which could result in a decline in the trading price of our Common Stock, and our business could be materially adversely affected. Furthermore, our relationship with the U.S. government subjects us and our government contractor customers to unique risks such as unanticipated increased costs and litigation that could materially adversely affect our or their business, financial condition, or results of operations. These operational risks and others associated with privately managing residential facilities could result in higher costs associated with staffing and lead to increased litigation. Lawsuits, to which we are not a party, have challenged the government s policy of detaining migrant families, and government policies with respect to family immigration may impact the demand for our facilities. Any court decision or government action that impacts our customers existing contracts with the government could impact our subcontracts for the facilities and result in a reduction in demand for our services or reputational damage to us, and require us to devote a significant amount of time and expense to the defense of our operations and reputation, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from the Government segment. The loss of, or a significant decrease in revenues from, any customer in this concentrated segment could seriously harm our financial condition and results of operations. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from our subcontracts with government contractors. These revenues depend on the U.S. government and its contractors receiving sufficient funding and providing it with timely payment under the terms of our contracts. If the applicable government entity does not receive sufficient appropriations to cover its contractual 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 obligations, it may delay or reduce payment to its contractors and, as a result, our government contractor customers may delay or reduce payments to or terminate their contracts with us. Any future impasse or struggle impacting the federal government s ability to reach agreement on the federal budget, debt ceiling or any future federal government shut downs could result in material payment delays, payment reductions or contract terminations. Additionally, our current and potential future government contractor customers may request in the future that we reduce our contract rates or forego increases to those rates as a way for those contractors to control costs and help their government customers to control their spending and address their budgetary shortfalls. For additional information regarding our operation of the Government segment, see the section entitled Business Business Operations Government . The U.S. government and, by extension, our U.S. government contractor customers, may also from time to time adopt, implement or modify certain policies or directives that may adversely affect our business. For example, while the U.S. government is currently using private immigration sites like the South Texas Family Residential Center, federal, state or local governmental partners may in the future choose to undertake a review of their utilization of privately operated facilities, or may cancel or decide not to renew existing contracts with their government contractors, who may, in turn, cancel or decide not to renew their contracts with us. Changes in government policy, presidential administration or other changes in the political landscape relating to immigration policies may similarly result in a decline in our revenues in the Government segment. In addition, lawsuits, to which we are not a party, have challenged the U.S. government s policy of detaining migrant families, and government policies with respect to immigration may impact the demand for our facilities and any facilities that we may operate in the future. Any court decision or government action that impacts our existing contracts or any future contracts for similar facilities could materially affect our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Further, we may not be able to renew our agreements with the government contractors or enter new agreements with these contractors. Any renewals or new agreements we may enter may be on terms that are materially less favorable to us than those in our current agreements. Our natural resource development customers are exposed to a number of unique operating risks and challenges which could also adversely affect us. Demand for our services is sensitive to the level of exploration, development and production activity of, and the corresponding capital spending by, natural resource development companies. The natural resource development industries willingness to explore, develop, and produce depends largely upon the availability of attractive resource prospects and the prevailing view of their future cash flows. Prices for energy products can be subject to large fluctuations in response to changes in the supply of and demand for these commodities, market uncertainty, and a variety of other factors that are beyond our control. This volatility causes natural resource development companies to change their strategies and expenditure levels. Accordingly, we could be impacted by disruptions to our customers operations caused by, among other things, any one of or all of the following singularly or in combination: worldwide economic activity including growth in developing countries, U.S. and international tax policies, pricing and demand for the natural resources being produced at a given project (or proposed project);
 national government political requirements, including the ability of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Companies OPEC to set and maintain production levels and government policies which could nationalize or expropriate natural resource development exploration, production, refining or transportation assets;
 the level of activity in U.S. shale development;
 unexpected problems, higher costs and delays during the development, construction, and project start-up which may delay the commencement of production;
 unforeseen and adverse geological, geotechnical, and seismic conditions;
 lack of availability of sufficient water or power to maintain their operations;

 26 

Table of Contents 
 lack of availability or failure of the required infrastructure necessary to maintain or to expand their operations;
 the breakdown or shortage of equipment and labor necessary to maintain their operations;
 risks associated with the natural resource industry being subject to various regulatory approvals. Such risks may include governmental actions;
 interruptions to the operations of our customers caused by industrial accidents or disputes or weather conditions and natural disasters; and
 delays in or failure to commission new infrastructure in timeframes so as not to disrupt customer operations.
 
 The carrying value of our communities could be reduced by extended periods of limited or no activity by our customers, which would require us to record impairment charges equal to the excess of the carrying value of the communities over fair value. We may incur asset impairment charges in the future, which charges may affect negatively our results of operations and financial condition as well as our borrowing base. Our business is contract intensive. Servicing existing contracts may lead to customer disputes or delays in receipt of payments, and failure to retain our current customers, renew existing customer contracts, and obtain new customer contracts, or the termination of existing contracts, could adversely affect our business. Our business is contract intensive and we are party to many contracts with customers. We periodically review our compliance with contract terms and provisions. If customers were to dispute our contract determinations, the resolution of such disputes in a manner adverse to our interests could negatively affect sales and operating results. In the past, some of our customers have opted to withhold payment due to contract or other disputes, which has delayed our receipt of payments. While we do not believe any reviews, audits, delayed payments, or other such matters should result in material adjustments, if a large number of our customer arrangements were modified or payments withheld in response to any such matter, the effect could be materially averse to our business or results of operations. Our success depends on our ability to retain our current customers, renew or replace our existing customer contracts, and obtain new business. Our ability to do so generally depends on a variety of factors, including overall customer expenditure levels and the quality, price and responsiveness of our services, as well as our ability to market these services effectively and differentiate ourselves from our competitors. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain new business, renew existing customer contracts at the same or higher levels of pricing, or at all, or that our current customers will not turn to competitors, cease operations, elect to self-operate, or terminate contracts with us. In the context of a potential depressed commodity price environment, our customers may not renew contracts on terms favorable to us or, in some cases, at all, and we may have difficulty obtaining new business. As a result, our customers may choose to terminate their contracts. The likelihood that a customer may seek to terminate a contract is increased during periods of market weakness as we encountered with various customers during the COVID-19 pandemic. Further, if any of our customers fail to reach final investment decisions with respect to projects for which such customers have already awarded us contracts to provide related accommodations, those customers may terminate such contracts. Customer contract cancellations, the failure to renew a significant number of our existing contracts, or the failure to obtain new business would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may be adversely affected if customers reduce their specialty rental and hospitality services outsourcing. Our business and growth strategies depend in large part on customers outsourcing some or all of the services that we provide. We cannot be certain that these customer preferences for outsourcing will continue or that customers that have outsourced accommodations will not decide to perform these functions themselves or only outsource accommodations during the development or construction phases of their projects. In addition, labor unions representing customer employees and contractors may oppose outsourcing accommodations to the extent that the unions believe that third-party 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 accommodations negatively impact union membership and recruiting. The reversal or reduction in customer outsourcing of accommodations could negatively impact our financial results and growth prospects. Our operations could be subject to natural disasters and other business disruptions, which could materially adversely affect our future revenue and financial condition and increase its costs and expenses. Our operations could be subject to natural disasters and other business disruptions such as fires, floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, outbreaks of epidemic or pandemic disease and terrorism, which could adversely affect its future revenue and financial condition and increase its costs and expenses. For example, extreme weather, particularly periods of high rainfall, hail, tornadoes, or extreme cold, in any of the areas in which we operate may cause delays in our community construction activities or result in the cessation of customer operations at one or more communities for an extended period of time. See We are exposed to various possible claims relating to our business and our insurance may not fully protect us. and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Factors Affecting Results of Operations Natural Disasters or Other Significant Disruption . In addition, the occurrence and threat of terrorist attacks may directly or indirectly affect economic conditions, which could in turn adversely affect demand for our communities and services. In the event of a major natural or man-made disaster, we could experience loss of life of our employees, destruction of our communities or other sites, or business interruptions, any of which may materially adversely affect our business. If any of our communities were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could disrupt our operations, delay services, staffing and revenue recognition, and result in expenses to repair or replace the damaged facility not covered by asset, liability, business continuity or other insurance contracts. Also, we could face significant increases in premiums or losses of coverage due to the loss experienced during and associated with these and potential future natural or man-made disasters that may materially adversely affect our business. In addition, attacks or armed conflicts that directly impact one or more of our properties or communities could significantly affect our ability to operate those properties or communities and thereby impair our results of operations. More generally, any of these events could cause consumer confidence and spending to decrease or result in increased volatility in the global economy and worldwide financial markets. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Construction risks exist which may adversely affect our results of operations. There are a number of general risks that might impinge on companies involved in the development, construction and installation of facilities as a prerequisite to the management of those assets in an operational sense. We are exposed to the following risks in connection with our construction activities: the construction activities of our accommodations are partially dependent on the supply of appropriate construction and development opportunities;
 development approvals, slow decision making by counterparties, complex construction specifications, changes to design briefs, legal issues, and other documentation changes may give rise to delays in completion, loss of revenue, and cost over-runs which may, in turn, result in termination of accommodation supply contracts;
 other time delays that may arise in relation to construction and development include supply of labor, scarcity of construction materials, real estate or leasing issues, lower than expected productivity levels, inclement weather conditions, land contamination or environmental claims, cultural heritage claims, difficult site access, or industrial relations issues;
 objections to our activities or those of our customers aired by community interests, political, environment and/or neighborhood groups which may cause delays in the granting or approvals and/or the overall progress of a project;
 where we assume design responsibility, there is a risk that design problems or defects may result in rectification and/or costs or liabilities which we cannot readily recover; and

 28 

Table of Contents 
 there is a risk that we may fail to fulfill our statutory and contractual obligations in relation to the quality of our materials and workmanship, including warranties and defect liability obligations.
 
 Demand for our products and services is sensitive to changes in demand within a number of key industry end-markets and geographic regions. Our financial performance is dependent on the level of demand for our facilities and services, which is sensitive to the level of demand within various sectors, in particular, the natural resource development and government end-markets. Each of these sectors is influenced not only by the state of the general global economy but by a number of more specific factors as well. For example, demand for workforce accommodations within the natural resources sector may be materially adversely affected by a decline in global commodity prices. Demand for our facilities and services may also vary among different localities or regions. The levels of activity in these sectors and geographic regions may also be cyclical, and we may not be able to predict the timing, extent or duration of the activity cycles in the markets in which we or our key customers operate. A decline or slowed growth in any of these sectors or geographic regions could result in reduced demand for our products and services, which may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Certain of our major communities are located on land subject to leases. If we are unable to renew a lease, we could be materially and adversely affected. Certain of our major communities are located on land subject to leases. Accordingly, while we own the accommodations assets, we only own a leasehold interest in those properties. If we are found to be in breach of a lease, we could lose the right to use the property. In addition, unless we can extend the terms of these leases before their expiration, as to which no assurance can be given, we will lose our right to operate our facilities located on these properties upon expiration of the leases. In that event, we would be required to remove our accommodations assets and remediate the site. Generally, our leases have an average term of three years and generally contain unilateral renewal provisions for up to seven additional years. We can provide no assurances that we will be able to renew our leases upon expiration on similar terms, or at all. If we are unable to renew leases on similar terms, it may have an adverse effect on our business. Third parties may fail to provide necessary services and materials for our communities and other sites. We are often dependent on third parties to supply services and materials for our communities and other sites. We typically do not enter into long-term contracts with third-party suppliers. We may experience supply problems as a result of logistical, financial or operating difficulties or the failure or consolidation of our suppliers. We may also experience supply problems as a result of shortages and discontinuations resulting from product obsolescence or other shortages or allocations by suppliers. Unfavorable economic conditions may also adversely affect our suppliers or the terms on which we purchase products. In the future, we may not be able to negotiate arrangements with third parties to secure products and services that we require in sufficient quantities or on reasonable terms. If we cannot negotiate arrangements with third parties to produce or supply our products or if the third parties fail to produce our products to our specifications or in a timely manner, our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. It may become difficult for us to find and retain qualified employees, and failure to do so could impede our ability to execute our business plan and growth strategy. One of the most important factors in our ability to provide reliable and quality services and profitably execute our business plan is our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified personnel. The competition for qualified personnel in the industries in which we operate is intense and there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to attract and retain all personnel necessary for the development and operation of our business. In periods of higher activity, it may become more difficult to find and retain qualified employees which could limit growth, increase operating costs, or have other material adverse effects on our operations. In addition, labor shortages, the inability to hire or retain qualified employees nationally, regionally or locally or increased labor costs could have a material adverse effect on our ability to control expenses and efficiently conduct operations. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 Many of our key executives, managers, and employees have knowledge and an understanding of our business and our industry that cannot be readily duplicated and they are the key individuals that interface with customers. In addition, the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel is dependent on the availability of qualified personnel, the impact on the labor supply due to general economic or political conditions, and the ability to provide a competitive compensation package. Significant increases in operating costs, including raw material and labor costs, could increase our operating costs significantly and harm our profitability. We incur labor costs and purchase raw materials, including steel, lumber, siding and roofing, fuel and other products to construct and perform periodic repairs, modifications and refurbishments to maintain physical conditions of our facilities as well as the construction of our communities and other sites. The volume, timing, and mix of such work may vary quarter-to-quarter and year- to-year. Generally, increases in labor and raw material costs will increase the acquisition costs of new facilities and also increase the construction, repair, and maintenance costs of our facilities. During periods of rising prices for labor or raw materials, and in particular, when the prices increase rapidly or to levels significantly higher than normal, we may incur significant increases in our costs for new facilities and incur higher operating costs that we may not be able to recoup from customers through changes in pricing, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our profitability can also be adversely affected to the extent we are faced with cost increases for food, wages and other labor related expenses, insurance, fuel and utilities, especially to the extent we are unable to recover such increased costs through increases in the prices for our services, due to one or more of general economic conditions, competitive conditions or contractual provisions in our customer contracts. Substantial increases in the cost of fuel and utilities have historically resulted in cost increases in our communities. From time to time we have experienced increases in our food costs. In addition, food prices can fluctuate as a result of inflation, foreign exchange rates and temporary changes in supply, including as a result of incidences of severe weather such as droughts, heavy rains, and late freezes. Although we negotiate the pricing and other terms for the majority of our purchases of food and related products directly with national manufacturers, we purchase these products and other items through national distributors and suppliers. If our relationship with, or the business of a primary distributor were to be disrupted, we would have to arrange alternative distributors and our operations and cost structure could be adversely affected in the short term. We may be unable to fully recover costs, and such increases would negatively impact its profitability on contracts that do not contain such inflation protections. Our future operating results may fluctuate, fail to match past performance, or fail to meet expectations. Our operating results may fluctuate, fail to match past performance, or fail to meet the expectations of analysts and investors. Our financial results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including but not limited to: general economic conditions in the geographies and industries where we own or operate communities;
 natural disasters, including pandemics and endemics, and business interruptions; 
 executive and legislative policies where we provide our services; 
 the budgetary constraints of the government and/or our customers;
 the success of our strategic growth initiatives;
 the costs associated with the launching or integrating new or acquired businesses;
 the cost, type, and timing of customer orders;
 the nature and duration of the needs of our customers;

 30 

Table of Contents 
 the raw material or labor costs of servicing our facilities;
 the timing of new product or service introductions by us, our suppliers, and our competitors;
 changes in end-user demand requirements;
 the mix, by state and region, of our revenue, personnel, and assets;
 movements in interest rates, or tax rates;
 changes in, and application of, accounting rules;
 changes in the regulations applicable to us;
 litigation matters;
 the success of large scale capital intensive projects;
 liquidity, including the impact of our debt service costs; and
 attrition and retention risk.
 
 As a result of these factors, our historical financial results are not necessarily indicative of our future results. We are exposed to various possible claims relating to our business, and our insurance may not fully protect us. We are exposed to various possible claims relating to our business, and our operations are subject to many hazards. In the ordinary course of business, we may become the subject of various claims, lawsuits, and administrative proceedings seeking damages or other remedies concerning our commercial operations, products, employees, and other matters, including occasional claims by individuals alleging exposure to hazardous materials as a result of our products or operations. Some of these claims relate to the activities of businesses that we have acquired, even though these activities may have occurred prior to our acquisition of such businesses. Our insurance policies have deductibles or self-insured retentions which would require us to expand amounts prior to taking advantage of coverage limits. We believe that we have adequate insurance coverage for the protection of our assets and operations. However, our insurance may not fully protect us for certain types of claims such as dishonest, fraudulent, criminal or malicious acts; terrorism, war, hostile or warlike action during a time of peace; automobile physical damage; natural disasters; and certain cyber-crime. A judgment could be rendered against us in cases in which we could be uninsured and beyond the amounts that we currently have reserved or anticipate incurring for such matters. Even a partially uninsured or underinsured claim, if successful and of significant size, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or consolidated financial position. The specifications and insured limits under those policies, however, may be insufficient for such claims. We also face the following other risks related to our insurance coverage, including we may not be able to continue to obtain insurance on commercially reasonable terms; the counterparties to our insurance contracts may pose credit risks; and we may incur losses from interruption of our business that exceed our insurance coverage each of which, individually or in the aggregate, could materially and adversely impact our business. Further, due to rising insurance costs and changes in the insurance markets, we cannot provide any assurance that our insurance coverage will continue to be available at all or at rates or on terms similar to those presently available. Public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic and their impact on business and economic conditions and government requirements could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are subject to risks related to public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the various measures that are implemented to protect public health, which can adversely affect the economy and financial markets. We have 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 implemented business continuity plans to continue to provide specialty rental and hospitality services to our customers and to support our operations, while taking health and safety measures such as incentivizing employee vaccination, implementing worker distancing measures and masking measures and using a remote workforce where possible. There can be no assurance that the continued spread of COVID-19, or any future health public crisis, and efforts to contain such public health crisis (including, but not limited to, vaccination, social distancing and masking policies, restrictions on travel and reduced operations) will not materially impact our results of operations and financial position. In particular, the continued spread of COVID-19 and its variants and efforts to contain the virus could: impact customer demand for our specialty rental and hospitality services; reduce the availability and productivity of our employees; cause us to experience an increase in costs as a result of our emergency and business continuity measures; impact our ability to complete any strategic plans on time, or at all; and cause other unpredictable events. 
 The situation surrounding COVID-19 remains fluid and the likelihood of an impact on us that could be material increases the longer the virus impacts activity levels in the locations in which we operate. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic subsides, the U.S. economy and other major global economies may experience a recession, and we anticipate our business and operations could be materially adversely affected by a prolonged recession in the U.S. and other major markets. Therefore, it remains difficult to predict the potential impact of the virus on our results of operations and financial position. In addition, to the extent that COVID-19 adversely affects our results of operations or financial position, it may also heighten the other risks described in this Item 1A-Risk Factors. Financial Accounting Risks If we determine that our goodwill and intangible assets have become impaired, we may incur impairment charges, which would negatively impact our reported operating results. We have goodwill, which represents the excess of the total purchase price of our acquisitions over the fair value of the assets acquired, and other intangible assets. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 41.0 million and 75.2 million of goodwill and other intangible assets, net, respectively, in our statement of financial position, which represents approximately 5.3 and 9.7 of total assets, respectively. We review goodwill and intangible assets at least annually for impairment. In the event impairment is identified, a charge to earnings would be recorded. Impairment may result from significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired asset, negative industry or economic trends and significant underperformance relative to historic or projected operating results. Any impairment charges could adversely affect our reported results of operations and financial condition. The valuation of our Private Warrants could increase the volatility in our net income (loss) in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). The change in fair value of our Private Warrants is the result of changes in stock price and Private Warrants outstanding at each reporting period. Our Private Warrants are required to be carried at fair value, with changes in the valuation impacting net income (loss). The Private Warrants are valued using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model under which fair value is impacted by various assumptions, including the volatility of stock prices. Significant changes to our stock price or number of Private Warrants outstanding may adversely affect our net income (loss) in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Social, Political, Regulatory and Litigation Risks A failure to maintain food safety or comply with government regulations related to food and beverages may subject us to liability. Claims of illness or injury relating to food quality or food handling are common in the food service industry, and a number of these claims may exist at any given time. Because food safety issues could be experienced at the source or by food suppliers or distributors, food safety could, in part, be out of our control. Regardless of the source or cause, any report of food-borne illness or other food safety issues such as food tampering or contamination at one of our locations could adversely impact our reputation, hindering our ability to renew contracts on favorable terms or to obtain new business, and have a negative impact on our sales. Future food product recalls and health concerns associated with food contamination may also increase our raw materials costs and, from time to time, disrupt its business. A variety of regulations at various governmental levels relating to the handling, preparation, and serving of food (including, in some cases, requirements relating to the temperature of food), and the cleanliness of food production facilities and the hygiene of food-handling personnel are enforced primarily at the local public health department level. We cannot assure you that we are in full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations at all times or that we will be able to comply with any future laws and regulations. Furthermore, legislation and regulatory attention to food safety is very high. Additional or amended regulations in this area may significantly increase the cost of compliance or expose us to liabilities. If we are unable to maintain food safety or comply with government regulations related to food and beverages, the effect could be materially averse to our business or results of operations. Unanticipated changes in our tax obligations, the adoption of a new tax legislation, or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect profitability. We are subject to income taxes in the United States. Our tax liabilities are affected by the amounts charged for inventory, services, funding, and other intercompany transactions. Tax authorities may disagree with our intercompany charges, cross- jurisdictional transfer pricing or other tax positions and assess additional taxes. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of examinations in order to determine the appropriateness of its tax provision. However, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of potential examinations, and the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of examinations could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on its results of operations and cash flows. In addition, our future effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes to its operating structure, changes in the mix of earnings in countries and/or states with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws, and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. We may be unable to recognize deferred tax assets and, as a result, lose future tax savings, which could have a negative impact on our liquidity and financial position. We recognize deferred tax assets primarily related to deductible temporary differences based on our assessment that the item will be utilized against future taxable income and the benefit will be sustained upon ultimate settlement with the applicable taxing authority. Such deductible temporary differences primarily relate to tax loss carryforwards and deferred revenue. Tax loss carryforwards arising in a given tax jurisdiction may be carried forward to offset taxable income in future years from such tax jurisdiction and reduce or eliminate income taxes otherwise payable on such taxable income, subject to certain limitations. We may have to write down, via a valuation allowance, the carrying amount of certain of the deferred tax assets to the extent we determine it is not probable such deferred tax assets will continue to be recognized. The taxing authorities could challenge our calculation of the amount of our tax attributes, which could reduce certain of our recognized tax benefits. In addition, tax laws in certain jurisdictions may limit the ability to use carryforwards upon a change in control. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 We are subject to various laws and regulations including those governing our contractual relationships with the U.S. government and U.S. government contractors and the health and safety of our workforce and our customers. Obligations and liabilities under these laws and regulations may materially harm our business. Our customers include U.S. government contractors, which means that we may, indirectly, be subject to various statutes and regulations applicable to doing business with the U.S. government. These types of contracts customarily contain provisions that give the U.S. government substantial rights and remedies, many of which are not typically found in commercial contracts and which are unfavorable to contractors, including provisions that allow the government to unilaterally terminate or modify our customers federal government contracts, in whole or in part, at the government s convenience. Under general principles of U.S. government contracting law, if the government terminates a contract for convenience, the terminated party may generally recover only its incurred or committed costs and settlement expenses and profit on work completed prior to the termination. If the government terminates a contract for default, the defaulting party may be liable for any extra costs incurred by the government in procuring undelivered items from another source. In addition, our or our customers failure to comply with these laws and regulations might result in administrative penalties or the suspension of our customers government contracts or debarment and, as a result, the loss of the related revenue which would harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are not aware of any action contemplated by any regulatory authority related to any possible non-compliance by or in connection with our operations. In addition, U.S. government contracts and grants normally contain additional requirements that may increase our costs of doing business, reduce our profits, and expose us to liability for failure to comply with these terms and conditions. These requirements include, for example: specialized disclosure and accounting requirements unique to U.S. government contracts; financial and compliance audits that may result in potential liability for price adjustments, recoupment of government funds after such funds have been spent, civil and criminal penalties, or administrative sanctions such as suspension or debarment from doing business with the U.S. government; public disclosures of certain contract and company information; and mandatory socioeconomic compliance requirements, including labor requirements, non-discrimination and affirmative action programs and environmental compliance requirements. 
 If we fail to maintain compliance with these requirements, our contracts may be subject to termination, and we may be subject to financial and/or other liability under its contracts or under the False Claims Act. The False Claims Act s whistleblower provisions allow private individuals, including present and former employees, to sue on behalf of the U.S. government. The False Claims Act statute provides for treble damages and other penalties and, if our operations are found to be in violation of the False Claims Act, we could face other adverse action, including suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. government. Any penalties, fines, suspension or damages could adversely affect our financial results as well as our ability to operate our business. Further, our operations are subject to an array of other governmental regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Our activities are subject to regulation by several federal and state government agencies, including OSHA and by federal and state laws. Our operations and activities in other jurisdictions are subject to similar governmental regulations. Similar to conventionally constructed buildings, the workforce housing industry is also subject to regulations by multiple governmental agencies in each jurisdiction relating to, among others, environmental, zoning and building standards, and health, safety and transportation matters. Noncompliance with applicable regulations, implementation of new regulations or modifications to existing regulations may increase costs of compliance, require a termination of certain activities or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 We are subject to various anti-corruption laws and we may be subject to other liabilities which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials by a U.S. person for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our activities create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of our employees or agents that could be in violation of various laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA ). We have implemented safeguards and policies to discourage these practices by our employees and agents. However, existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be ineffective and employees or agents may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. If employees violate our policies or we fail to maintain adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately record its transactions, we may be subject to regulatory sanctions. Violations of the FCPA or other anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties, including suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracting, and we may be subject to other liabilities which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are also subject to similar anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions. We may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks related to climate change and other environmental laws and regulations. All of our and our customers operations may be affected by federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the discharge of substances into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection. Among other things, these laws and regulations impose limitations and prohibitions on the discharge and emission of, and establish standards for the use, disposal and management of, regulated materials and waste, and impose liabilities for the costs of investigating and cleaning up, and damages resulting from, present and past spills, disposals or other releases of hazardous substances or materials. In the ordinary course of business, we use and generate substances that are regulated or may be hazardous under environmental laws. We have an inherent risk of liability under environmental laws and regulations, both with respect to ongoing operations and with respect to contamination that may have occurred in the past on our properties or as a result of our operations. From time to time, our operations or conditions on properties that we have acquired have resulted in liabilities under these environmental laws. We may in the future incur material costs to comply with environmental laws or sustain material liabilities from claims concerning noncompliance or contamination. We have no reserves for any such liabilities. Environmental laws and regulations are likely to change in the future under the Biden administration, possibly resulting in more stringent requirements. Our or any of our customers failure to comply with applicable environment laws and regulations may result in any of the following: issuance of administrative, civil and criminal penalties; denial or revocation of permits or other authorizations; reduction or cessation of operations; and performance of site investigatory, remedial or other corrective actions. While it is not possible at this time to predict how environmental legislation may change or how new regulations that may be adopted would impact our business, any such future laws and regulations could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions for us or our customers and could have a material adverse effect on our business or demand for our services. There are a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to address greenhouse gas emissions, which are in various phases of discussion or implementation. For example, on January 27, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order that commits to substantial action on climate change, calling for, among other things, an indefinite suspension of new oil and natural gas leases on public lands pending completion of a comprehensive review and reconsideration of federal energy and natural resource permitting and leasing practices. It remains unclear what additional actions President Biden will take 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 and what support he will have for any potential legislative changes from Congress. The outcome of U.S. federal, regional, provincial, and state actions to address global climate change could result in a variety of regulatory programs including potential new regulations, additional charges to fund energy efficiency activities, or other regulatory actions. These actions could: result in increased costs associated with our operations and our customers operations; increase other costs to our business; reduce the demand for carbon-based fuels; and reduce the demand for our services. Any adoption of these or similar proposals by U.S. federal, regional, provincial, or state governments mandating a substantial reduction in greenhouse gas emissions could have far-reaching and significant impacts on the energy industry. Although it is not possible at this time to predict how legislation or new regulations that may be adopted to address greenhouse gas emissions would impact our business, any such future laws and regulations could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, and could have a material adverse effect on our business or demand for our services. See Business Regulatory and Environmental Compliance for a more detailed description of our climate-change related risks. We may be subject to litigation, judgments, orders or regulatory proceedings that could materially harm our business. We are subject to claims arising from disputes with customers, employees, vendors and other third parties in the normal course of business. The risks associated with any such disputes may be difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. If the plaintiffs in any suits against us were to successfully prosecute their claims, or if we were to settle such suits by making significant payments to the plaintiffs, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be harmed. Even if the outcome of a claim proves favorable to us, litigation can be time consuming and costly and may divert management resources. To the extent that our senior executives are named in such lawsuits, our indemnification obligations could magnify the costs. We are subject to evolving public disclosure, financial reporting and corporate governance expectations and regulations that impact compliance costs and risks of noncompliance. We are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulatory organizations, including the SEC and Nasdaq, as well as evolving investor expectations around disclosures, financial reporting, corporate governance and environmental and social practices. These rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity, and many new requirements have been created in response to laws enacted by the U.S. and foreign governments, making compliance more difficult and uncertain. The increase in costs to comply with such evolving expectations, rules and regulations, as well as any risk of noncompliance, could adversely impact us. Growth, Development and Financing Risks We may not be able to successfully acquire and integrate new operations, which could cause our business to suffer. We may not be able to successfully complete potential strategic acquisitions for various reasons. We anticipate that we will consider acquisitions in the future that meet our strategic growth plans. We cannot predict whether or when acquisitions will be completed, and we may face significant competition for certain acquisition targets. Acquisitions that are completed involve numerous risks, including the following: difficulties in integrating the operations, technologies, products and personnel of the acquired companies;

 36 

Table of Contents 
 diversion of management s attention from normal daily operations of the business;
 difficulties in entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and where our competitors in such markets have stronger market positions;
 difficulties in complying with regulations, such as environmental regulations, and managing risks related to an acquired business;
 an inability to timely complete necessary financing and required amendments, if any, to existing agreements; 
 an inability to implement uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies;
 undiscovered and unknown problems, defects, liabilities or other issues related to any acquisition that become known to us only after the acquisition, particularly relating to rental equipment on lease that are unavailable for inspection during the diligence process; and
 potential loss of key customers or employees.
 
 In connection with acquisitions we may assume liabilities or acquire damaged assets, some of which may be unknown at the time of such acquisitions; record goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets that will be subject to future impairment testing and potential periodic impairment charges; or incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets. The condition and regulatory certification of any facilities or operations acquired is assessed as part of the acquisition due diligence. In some cases, facility condition or regulatory certification may be difficult to determine due to that facility being on lease at the time of acquisition and/or inadequate certification records. Facility acquisitions may therefore result in a rectification cost which may not have been factored into the acquisition price, impacting ability to deploy and ultimate profitability of the facility acquired. Acquisitions are inherently risky, and no assurance can be given that our future acquisitions will be successful or will not materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. If we do not manage new markets effectively, some of our new communities and acquisitions may lose money or fail, and we may have to close unprofitable communities. Closing a community in such circumstances would likely result in additional expenses that would cause our operating results to suffer. To successfully manage growth, we will need to continue to identify additional qualified managers and employees to integrate acquisitions within our established operating, financial and other internal procedures and controls. We will also need to effectively motivate, train and manage our employees. Failure to successfully integrate recent and future acquisitions and new communities into existing operations could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Global, national or local economic movements could have a material adverse effect on our business. We operate in the United States, but our business may be negatively impacted by economic movements or downturns in that market or in global markets generally, including those that could be caused by policy changes by the U.S. administration in areas such as trade and immigration. These adverse economic conditions may reduce commercial activity, cause disruption and volatility in global financial markets, and increase rates of default and bankruptcy. Reduced commercial activity has historically resulted in reduced demand for our products and services. For example, reduced commercial activity in the natural resource development sector in certain markets in which we operate may negatively impact our business. U.S. federal spending cuts or further limitations that may result from presidential or congressional action or inaction may also negatively impact our arrangements with government contractor customers. Disruptions in financial markets could negatively impact the ability of our customers to pay their obligations to us in a timely manner and increase our counterparty risk. If economic conditions worsen, we may face reduced demand and an increase, relative to historical levels, in the time it takes to receive customer payments. If we are not able to adjust our business in a timely 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 and effective manner to changing economic conditions, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. Information Technology and Privacy Risks Any failure of our management information systems could disrupt our business and result in decreased revenue and increased overhead costs. We depend on our management information systems to actively manage our facilities and provide facility information, and availability of our services. These functions enhance our ability to optimize facility utilization, occupancy, costs of goods sold, and average daily rate. The failure of our management information systems to perform as anticipated could damage our reputation with our customers, disrupt our business or result in, among other things, decreased revenue and increased overhead costs. For example, an inaccurate utilization rate could cause us to fail to have sufficient inventory to meet consumer demand, resulting in decreased sales. Any such failure could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the delay or failure to implement information system upgrades and new systems effectively could disrupt our business, distract management s focus and attention from business operations and growth initiatives, and increase our implementation and operating costs, any of which could materially adversely affect our operations and operating results. Furthermore, these technologies may require refinements and upgrades. The development and maintenance of these technologies may require significant investment by us. As various systems and technologies become outdated or new technology is required, we may not be able to replace or introduce them as quickly as needed or in a cost- effective and timely manner. As a result, we may not achieve the benefits we may have been anticipating from any new technology or system Like other companies, our information systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our control, including, but not limited to, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches (including cyber-attacks), and other security issues. In addition, because our systems contain information about individuals and businesses, the failure to maintain the security of the data we hold, whether the result of our own error or the malfeasance or errors of others, could harm our reputation or give rise to legal liabilities leading to lower revenue, increased costs, regulatory sanctions, and other potential material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our business could be negatively impacted by security threats, including cyber-security threats and other disruptions. We face various security threats, including cyber-security threats to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information or to render data or systems unusable; threats to the safety of our employees; threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure or third- party facilities and infrastructure; and threats from terrorist acts. Although we utilize various procedures and controls to monitor these threats and mitigate our exposure to such threats, there can be no assurance that these procedures and controls will be sufficient in preventing security threats from materializing. If any of these events were to materialize, they could lead to losses of sensitive information, critical infrastructure, personnel or capabilities essential to our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Cyber-security attacks in particular are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, and corruption of data. Even if we are fully compliant with legal standards and contractual or other requirements, we still may not be able to prevent security breaches involving sensitive data. Breaches, thefts, losses or fraudulent uses of customer, employee or company data could cause consumers to lose confidence in the security of our website, point of sale systems and other information technology systems and choose not to stay in our communities or contract with us in the future. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness Our leverage may make it difficult for us to service our debt and operate our business. As of December 31, 2022, we, through our wholly-owned indirect subsidiary, Arrow Bidco, LLC Arrow Bidco ), had 334.5 million of total indebtedness consisting of 0 of borrowings under the ABL Facility and 334.5 million of our 2024 Senior Secured Notes. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Our leverage could have important consequences, including: making it more difficult to satisfy our obligations with respect to our various debt (including the Notes) and liabilities;
 requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to debt payments, thus reducing the availability of cash flow to fund internal growth through working capital and capital expenditures on our existing communities or new communities and for other general corporate purposes;
 increasing our vulnerability to a downturn in our business or adverse economic or industry conditions; 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and industry;
 restricting us from pursuing strategic acquisitions or exploiting certain business opportunities or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures; and
 limiting, among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds or raise equity capital in the future and increasing the costs of such additional financings.
 
 Our ability to meet our debt service obligations, including those under the ABL Facility and the Notes, or to refinance our debt depends on our future operating and financial performance, which will be affected by our ability to successfully implement our business strategy as well as general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. If our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or if future borrowings are not available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before the maturity thereof, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments or seek to raise additional capital, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, we may not be able to affect any of these actions, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of our existing or future debt instruments may limit or prevent us from taking any of these actions. If we default on the payments required under the terms of certain of our indebtedness, that indebtedness, together with debt incurred pursuant to other debt agreements or instruments that contain cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions, may become payable on demand, and we may not have sufficient funds to repay all of our debts. As a result, our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service obligations, or to refinance or restructure our obligations on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would have an adverse effect, which could be material, on our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as on our ability to satisfy our debt obligations. We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness (including additional secured obligations) in the future. Although the Indenture governing our 2024 Senior Secured Notes (defined below) and the ABL Facility contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and under certain circumstances, the amount of indebtedness that could be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. If new debt, including future additional secured obligations, is added to our and our subsidiaries existing debt levels, the related risks that we now face would increase. Global capital and credit markets conditions could materially adversely affect our ability to access the capital and credit markets or the ability of key counterparties to perform their obligations to it. In the future, we may need to raise additional funds to, among other things, refinance existing indebtedness, fund existing operations, improve or expand our operations, respond to competitive pressures or make acquisitions. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to achieve our business or strategic objectives or compete effectively. Our ability to pursue certain future opportunities may depend in part on our ongoing access to debt and equity capital markets. We cannot assure you that any such financing will be available on terms satisfactory to us or at all. If we are unable to obtain financing on acceptable terms, we may have to curtail our growth. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Economic disruptions affecting key counterparties could also have a material adverse effect on our business. We monitor the financial strength of our larger customers, derivative counterparties, lenders, and insurance carriers on a periodic basis using publicly-available information in order to evaluate its exposure to those who have or who it believes may likely experience significant threats to their ability to adequately perform their obligations to it. The information available will differ from counterparty to counterparty and may be insufficient for us to adequately interpret or evaluate our exposure and/or determine appropriate or timely responses. We are, and may in the future become, subject to covenants that limit our operating and financial flexibility and, if we default under our debt covenants, we may not be able to meet our payment obligations. The ABL Facility and the Indenture, as well as any instruments that will govern any future debt obligations, contain covenants that impose significant restrictions on the way the Arrow Bidco and its subsidiaries can operate, including restrictions on the ability to: incur or guarantee additional debt and issue certain types of stock;
 create or incur certain liens;
 make certain payments, including dividends or other distributions, with respect to our equity securities;
 prepay or redeem junior debt;
 make certain investments or acquisitions, including participating in joint ventures;
 engage in certain transactions with affiliates;
 create unrestricted subsidiaries;
 create encumbrances or restrictions on the payment of dividends or other distributions, loans or advances to, and on the transfer of, assets to the issuer or any restricted subsidiary;
 sell assets, consolidate or merge with or into other companies;
 sell or transfer all or substantially all our assets or those of our subsidiaries on a consolidated basis; and
 issue or sell share capital of certain subsidiaries.
 
 Although these limitations will be subject to significant exceptions and qualifications, these covenants could limit our ability to finance future operations and capital needs and our ability to pursue acquisitions and other business activities that may be in our interest. Arrow Bidco s ability to comply with these covenants and restrictions may be affected by events beyond our control. These include prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. If Arrow Bidco defaults on their obligations under the ABL Facility and the Indenture, then the relevant lenders or holders could elect to declare the debt, together with accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, if any, immediately due and payable and proceed against any collateral securing that debt. If the debt under the ABL Facility, the Indenture or any other material financing arrangement that we enter into were to be accelerated, our assets may be insufficient to repay in full the ABL Facility, the Notes and our other debt. The ABL Facility also requires our subsidiaries to satisfy specified financial maintenance tests in the event that certain excess liquidity requirements are not satisfied. The ability to meet these tests could be affected by deterioration in our operating results, as well as by events beyond our control, including increases in raw materials prices and unfavorable economic conditions, and we cannot assure you that these tests will be met. If an event of default occurs under the ABL Facility, the lenders thereunder could terminate their commitments and declare all amounts borrowed, together with accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. Borrowings under other debt instruments 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 that contain cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions also may be accelerated or become payable on demand. In these circumstances, Target Hospitality s assets may not be sufficient to repay in full that indebtedness and its other indebtedness then outstanding. The amount of borrowings permitted at any time under the ABL Facility will be subject to compliance with limits based on a periodic borrowing base valuation of the borrowing base assets thereunder. As a result, our access to credit under the ABL Facility will potentially be subject to significant fluctuations depending on the value of the borrowing base of eligible assets as of any measurement date, as well as certain discretionary rights of the agent in respect of the calculation of such borrowing base value. As a result of any change in valuation, the availability under the ABL Facility may be reduced, or we may be required to make a repayment of the ABL Facility, which may be significant. The inability to borrow under the ABL Facility or the use of available cash to repay the ABL Facility as a result of a valuation change may adversely affect our liquidity, results of operations and financial position. Restrictions in Arrow Bidco s existing and future debt agreements could limit our growth and our ability to respond to changing conditions. The ABL Facility contains a number of significant covenants including covenants restricting the incurrence of additional debt. The credit agreement governing the ABL Facility requires Arrow Bidco, among other things, to maintain certain financial ratios or reduce our debt. These restrictions also limit our ability to obtain future financings to withstand a future downturn in its business or the economy in general, or to otherwise conduct necessary corporate activities. We may also be prevented from taking advantage of business opportunities that arise because of the limitations that the restrictive covenants under the ABL Facility and the Indenture impose on it. In addition, complying with these covenants may also cause us to take actions that are not favorable to our securityholders and may make it more difficult for us to successfully execute our business strategy and compete against companies that are not subject to such restrictions. Credit rating downgrades could adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, financial condition and operating results. Arrow Bidco s credit ratings will impact the cost and availability of future borrowings, and, as a result, cost of capital. Arrow Bidco s ratings reflect each rating agency s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations. Each rating agency will review these ratings periodically and there can be no assurance that such ratings will be maintained in the future. A downgrade in Arrow Bidco s rating could adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, financial condition and operating results. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significantly increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance efforts. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant legal, accounting, insurance, and other expenses as a result of being a public company. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, as amended (the Dodd-Frank Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended SOX ), as well as related rules implemented by the SEC, have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. In addition, rules that the SEC is implementing or is required to implement pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act may require additional change. Compliance with these and other similar laws, rules and regulations, including compliance with Section 404 of SOX, will substantially increase our expenses, including legal and accounting costs, and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. It is possible that these expenses will exceed the increases projected by management. These laws, rules, and regulations may also make it more expensive to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage, which may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on its board of directors or as officers. Although the JOBS Act may, for a limited period of time, somewhat lessen the cost of complying with these additional regulatory and other requirements, we nonetheless expect a substantial increase in legal, accounting, insurance, and certain other expenses in the future, which will negatively impact its results of operations and financial condition. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Our principal stockholder has substantial control over our business, which may be disadvantageous to other stockholders. Arrow Holdings and MFA Global S.a r.l., entities controlled by TDR Capital, together beneficially owned approximately 65 of our outstanding shares of Common Stock as of December 31, 2022. As a result of its ability to control a significant percentage of the voting power of our outstanding Common Stock, TDR Capital may have substantial control over matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election and removal of directors, amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, any proposed merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets and other corporate transactions. TDR Capital may have interests that are different from those of other stockholders. We are an emerging growth company and as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, our Common Stock may be less attractive to investors. We are an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, and we intend to utilize some of the exemptions from reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and adopting new accounting standards using private company effective dates. We cannot predict if investors will find our Common Stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and our stock price may be more volatile. We will take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.0 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties Our corporate headquarters are located in Woodlands, Texas. Our executive, financial, accounting, legal, administrative, management information systems and human resources functions operate from this single, leased office. We own and operate 26 branch locations across the U.S. and Canada. We also lease and operate 1 branch location in the U.S. Subject to certain exceptions, substantially all of our owned personal property and material real property in the U.S. and Canada is encumbered under our ABL Facility and the 2024 Senior Secured Notes. We do not believe that the encumbrances will materially detract from the value of our properties, nor will they materially interfere with their use in the operation of our business. 

Location Description HFS Midwest Williston, North Dakota Williams County Lodge Williston, North Dakota Judson Executive Lodge Watford City, North Dakota Watford City Lodge Government Dilley, Texas Dilley (STFRC) Pecos, Texas Pecos Children s Center Pecos, Texas Pecos Blue Lodge Pecos, Texas Railhead Lodge (Leased) Orla, Texas Delaware Lodge Mentone, Texas Skillman Station Lodge Pecos, Texas Lodge 118 Pecos, Texas Pecos Trail Lodge Pecos, Texas Pecos South Lodge HFS South Pecos, Texas Pecos South Lodge Orla, Texas Orla North Lodge Orla, Texas Orla South Lodge Orla, Texas El Capitan Lodge Odessa, Texas Odessa West Lodge Odessa, Texas Odessa East Lodge Mentone, Texas Mentone Wolf Lodge Midland, Texas Midland Lodge Midland, Texas Midland East Lodge Kermit, Texas Kermit Lodge Kermit, Texas Kermit North Lodge Carlsbad, New Mexico Carlsbad Lodge Carlsbad, New Mexico Seven Rivers Lodge Jal, New Mexico Jal Lodge Other Canada Cheecham Lodge El Reno, Oklahoma El Reno Lodge This location is shared between HFS South and Government. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings We are involved in various lawsuits, claims and legal proceedings, most of which arise out of the ordinary course of business. The nature of the Company s business is such that disputes occasionally arise with vendors including suppliers and subcontractors, and customers over contract specifications and contract interpretations among other things. The company assesses these matters on a case-by-case basis as they arise. Reserves are established, as required, based on its assessment of exposure. We have insurance policies to cover general liability and workers compensation related claims. In the opinion of management, the ultimate amount of liability not covered by insurance, if any, under such pending lawsuits, claims and legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. Because litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties including unfavorable rulings or developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of our legal proceedings could involve amounts that are different from our currently recorded accruals, and that such differences could be material. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol TH. Through March 15, 2019, our common stock, warrants and units were quoted under the symbols EAGL, EAGLW and EAGLU, respectively. Upon consummation of the business combination on March 15, 2019, (i) our public units automatically separated into their component securities and, as a result, no longer trade as a separate security and were delisted; (ii) our Common Stock (into which Platinum Eagle s ordinary shares were converted) continued to trade on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol TH and (iii) the Warrants continued to trade on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol THWWW . Holders As of December 31, 2022, there were eleven holders of record of our Common Stock and one holder of record of our Warrants. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially greater number of street name holders or beneficial holders whose Common Stock or Warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. Dividend Information We do not currently pay any cash dividends on our Common Stock. The declaration and amount of any dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon many factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, prospects, industry conditions, capital requirements of our business, covenants associated with certain debt obligations, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice and other factors the board of directors deems relevant. We can give no assurances that we will pay a dividend in the future. Warrants Platinum Eagle issued warrants to purchase its common stock as components of units sold in the Public Offering (the Public Warrants , together with the Private Warrants, the Warrants ). Platinum Eagle also issued, in connection with the Public Offering, the Private Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, there were 8,061,656 Warrants outstanding. Of the 8,061,656 outstanding, 1,533,334 are Private Warrants and 6,528,322 are Public Warrants. The Private Warrants are classified as liabilities under ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity guidance. The Public Warrants are classified as equity based on the guidance outlined in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity . Each Warrant entitles its holder to purchase Common Stock in accordance with its terms. During the year ended December 31, 2022, holders of Public Warrants exercised 7,101 Public Warrants for shares of Common Stock resulting in the Company receiving cash proceeds of approximately 0.1 million and issuing 7,101 shares of Common Stock. See Note 9 and 17 of the audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. Warrant Exchange On December 22, 2022, the Company closed on an offer to exchange the Warrants for shares of its Common Stock in a cashless transaction (the Warrant Exchange ). Pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Exchange, the Company issued 2,996,201 shares of Common Stock. See Note 9 and 17 of the audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Performance Graph The following stock price performance graph should not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this Annual Report on Form 10-K into any filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference, and shall not otherwise be deemed filed under such acts. The graph below compares the cumulative total return of our Common Stock from January 12, 2018, through December 31, 2022, with the comparable cumulative return of two indices, the Russell Broadbased Total Returns and the Nasdaq US Benchmark TR Index. The graph plots the change in value of an initial investment in each of our Common Stock, the Russell 2000 Index, and the Nasdaq US Benchmark Index over the indicated time periods. We have not paid any cash dividends and, therefore, the cumulative total return calculation for us is based solely upon the change in share price. The share price performance shown on the graph is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds None. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities On November 3, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program that authorizes the Company to repurchase up to 100 million of its outstanding shares of Common Stock. The stock repurchase program does not obligate the Company to purchase any particular number of shares, and the timing and exact amount of any repurchases will depend on various factors, including market pricing and conditions, business, legal, accounting, and other considerations. The Company may repurchase its shares in open market transactions from time to time or through privately negotiated transactions in accordance with federal securities laws, at the Company s discretion. The repurchase program, which has no expiration date, may be increased, suspended, or terminated at any time. The program is expected to be implemented 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 over the course of several years and is conducted subject to the covenants in the agreements governing the Company s indebtedness. No share repurchases were made during the year ended December 31, 2022. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans On March 6, 2019, our shareholders approved a long-term incentive award plan (the Plan in connection with the Business Combination. The Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee. Under the Plan, the Compensation Committee may grant an aggregate of 4,000,000 shares of Common Stock in the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock bonus awards, and performance compensation awards. On May 19, 2022, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Plan to increase the number of shares authorized under the plan by 4,000,000 shares. Please refer to Note 18 in the audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 within this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details of the forms of Executive Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreements, the forms of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Agreements, the form of Executive Stock Appreciation Rights Award Agreement, and the forms of Performance Stock Unit Agreements. As of December 31, 2022, 9,490,532 securities had been granted under the Plan, excluding 116,837 Restricted Stock Units RSUs paid in cash, and including 1,578,537 of Stock Appreciation Right Awards SARs ), which are intended to settle in cash. Information on our equity compensation plans can be found in the table below. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information Plan Category Common shares to be issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Restricted Stock Units, and Performance Stock Units (a) Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options Common Shares Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Shares Reflected in the first column in this table) Equity compensation plan approved by Target Hospitality stockholders (1) 5,664,259 6.13 825,577 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 5,664,259 6.13 825,577 

 (1) The number of common shares reported in Column (a) excludes liability-based stock appreciation right awards of 1,537,776 and shares associated with grants that were withheld for tax liabilities and grants that were forfeited or expired on or before December 31, 2022, as shares associated with grants that were withheld for tax liabilities and forfeited and expired grants are available for reissuance under the Plan. The amounts and values in Column (a) comprise 2,658,581 equity-based RSUs at a weighted average grant price of 2.98, 1,495,017 equity-based PSUs at a weighted average grant price of 5.22 and 1,510,661 stock options at a weighted average exercise price of 6.13. For additional information on the awards outstanding under the Plan, see Note 18 in the audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act , and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements relate to expectations for future financial performance, business strategies or expectations for the post-combination business. Specifically, forward-looking statements may include statements relating to: operational, economic, including inflation, political and regulatory risks; our ability to effectively compete in the specialty rental accommodations and hospitality services industry; effective management of our communities; natural disasters and other business disruptions including outbreaks of epidemic or pandemic disease; the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future public health crisis, related economic repercussions and the resulting negative impact to global economic demand; the effect of changes in state building codes on marketing our buildings; changes in demand within a number of key industry end-markets and geographic regions; our reliance on third party manufacturers and suppliers; failure to retain key personnel; increases in raw material and labor costs; the effect of impairment charges on our operating results; our future operating results fluctuating, failing to match performance or to meet expectations; our exposure to various possible claims and the potential inadequacy of our insurance; unanticipated changes in our tax obligations; our obligations under various laws and regulations; the effect of litigation, judgments, orders, regulatory or customer bankruptcy proceedings on our business; our ability to successfully acquire and integrate new operations; global or local economic and political movements, including any changes in policy under the Biden administration; federal government budgeting and appropriations; our ability to effectively manage our credit risk and collect on our accounts receivable; 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 our ability to fulfill our public company obligations; any failure of our management information systems; fluctuations in the fair value of warrant liabilities; our ability to meet our debt service requirements and obligations; and risks related to Arrow Bidco s obligations under the Notes; These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our management s current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Reserved Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A summarizes the significant factors affecting the consolidated operating results, financial condition, liquidity and capital resources of Target Hospitality Corp. and is intended to help the reader understand Target Hospitality Corp., our operations and our present business environment. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and notes to those statements included in Part II, Item 8 within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. References to we, us, our , Target Hospitality, or the Company refer to Target Hospitality Corp. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Executive Summary Target Hospitality Corp. is one of North America s largest providers of vertically integrated specialty rental and value-added hospitality services including: catering and food services, maintenance, housekeeping, grounds-keeping, security, health and recreation facilities, overall workforce community management, concierge services and laundry service. As of December 31, 2022, our network included 29 communities to better serve our customers across the US and Canada. Economic Update During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company continued to experience significant growth in the Government segment due to the origination of a significantly expanded lease and services agreement in the second quarter of 2022 with an existing Government segment customer to provide enhanced infrastructure and comprehensive facility services that support the critical hospitality solutions the Company provides. This growth generated positive cash flows from operations of approximately 305.6 million representing a increase in cash flows from operations of approximately 201 million or 192 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The financial results for the year ended December 31, 2022 also reflect continued improving customer demand and increasing activity in the HFS South and Midwest segments as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 as global activity and economic demand continue to strengthen from lows experienced during the height of the COVID-19 pandemic. For the year ended December 31, 2022, key drivers of financial performance included: Increased consolidated revenue by 210.6 million or 72 compared to the year ended 2021 primarily due to additional revenue generated from growth in the Government segment as well as increase in customer demand in the HFS South segment. Increased revenue in the HFS South segment by 15.4 million or 13 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of increase in customer demand. Generated net income of approximately 73.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to a net loss of approximately 4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase in net income is primarily attributable to an increase in gross profit driven by the increase in revenue as well as a decrease in interest expense driven by significant debt reduction, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses, an increase in the estimated fair value of warrant liabilities, and an increase in income tax expense due to improved results. Generated consolidated Adjusted EBITDA of 264.7 million representing an increase of 145.5 million or 122 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven primarily by the increase in revenue, partially offset by the increase in operating expenses mentioned above. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure. The GAAP measure most comparable to Adjusted EBITDA is Net income (loss). Please see Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a definition and reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measure. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Our proximity to customer activities influences occupancy and demand. We have built, own and operate the two largest specialty rental and hospitality services networks available to customers operating in the HFS South and HFS Midwest regions. Our broad network often results in us having communities that are the closest to our customers job sites, which reduces commute times and costs, and improves the overall safety of our customers workforce. Our communities provide customers with cost efficiencies, as they are able to jointly use our communities and related infrastructure (i.e., power, water, sewer and information technology) services alongside other customers operating in the same vicinity. Demand for our services is dependent upon activity levels, particularly our customers capital spending on natural resource development activities and government housing programs. Factors Affecting Results of Operations We expect our business to continue to be affected by the key factors discussed below, as well as factors discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included elsewhere in this report. Our expectations are based on assumptions made by us and information currently available to us. To the extent our underlying assumptions about, or interpretations of, available information prove to be incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from our expected results . Public health threats or outbreaks of communicable diseases, including COVID-19, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s operations and financial results. The Company may face risks related to public health threats or outbreaks of communicable diseases, including COVID-19. A widespread healthcare crisis, such as an outbreak of a communicable disease, like COVID-19, could adversely affect the economy and the Company s ability to conduct business for an indefinite period of time. This situation combined with the commodity price volatility discussed below has had, and could continue to, have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. Refer to section titled Risk Factors in Part I Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on this situation. Supply and Demand for Natural Resources As a provider of vertically integrated specialty rental and hospitality services, we are not directly impacted by commodity price fluctuations. However, these price fluctuations indirectly influence our activities and results of operations because the natural resource development workforce is directly affected by price fluctuations and the industry s expansion or contraction as a result of these fluctuations. Our occupancy volume depends on the size of the workforce within the natural resources industry and the demand for labor. Commodity prices are volatile and influenced by numerous factors beyond our control, including the domestic and global supply of and demand for natural resources, the commodities trading markets, as well as other supply and demand factors that may influence commodity prices. As a result of the commodity price volatility experienced in early 2020, the Company temporarily closed and consolidated communities in the HFS South and HFS Midwest segments. However, these communities began re-opening in July 2020 as conditions started to improve. Availability and Cost of Capital Capital markets conditions could affect our ability to access the debt and equity capital markets to the extent necessary to fund our future growth. Interest rates on future credit facilities and debt offerings could be higher than current levels, causing our financing costs to increase accordingly, and could limit our ability to raise funds, or increase the price of raising funds, in the capital markets and may limit our ability to expand. Regulatory Compliance We are subject to extensive federal, state, local, and foreign environmental, health and safety laws and regulations concerning matters such as air emissions, wastewater discharges, solid, and hazardous waste handling and disposal and the investigation and remediation of contamination. In addition, we may be subject, indirectly, to various statutes and regulations applicable to doing business with the U.S. government as a result of our contracts with U.S. government contractor clients. The risks of substantial costs, liabilities, and limitations on our operations related to compliance with 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 these laws and regulations are an inherent part of our business, and future conditions may develop, arise, or be discovered that create substantial compliance or environmental remediation liabilities and costs. Natural Disasters or Other Significant Disruption An operational disruption in any of our facilities could negatively impact our financial results. The occurrence of a natural disaster, such as earthquake, tornado, severe weather including hail storms, flood, fire, or other unanticipated problems such as labor difficulties, equipment failure, capacity expansion difficulties or unscheduled maintenance could cause operational disruptions of varied duration. These types of disruptions could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations to varying degrees dependent upon the facility, the duration of the disruption, our ability to shift business to another facility or find alternative solutions. Overview of Our Revenue and Operations We derive the majority of our revenue from specialty rental accommodations and vertically integrated hospitality services. Approximately 66.5 of our revenue was earned from specialty rental with vertically integrated hospitality services, specifically lodging and related ancillary services, whereas the remaining 33.5 of revenues were earned through leasing of lodging facilities for the year ended December 31, 2022. Revenue is recognized in the period in which lodging and services are provided pursuant to the terms of contractual relationships with our customers. In certain of our contracts, rates may vary over the contract term, in these cases, revenue is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract term. We enter into arrangements with multiple deliverables for which arrangement consideration is allocated between lodging and services based on the relative estimated standalone selling price of each deliverable. The estimated price of lodging and services deliverables is based on the prices of lodging and services when sold separately or based upon the best estimate of selling price. The Company originated a contract in 2013 with TC Energy Pipelines to construct, deliver, cater and manage all accommodations and hospitality services in conjunction with the planned construction of the Keystone XL pipeline project. During the construction phase of the contract, the Company recognized revenue as costs were incurred in connection with the project under the percentage of completion method of accounting as more fully discussed in Note 1 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. One of these communities was completed and opened in September 2020 and subsequently closed in mid-December 2020. The revenue recognized on the community post construction for the year ended December 31, 2020, is recognized in services income along with our other revenue from specialty rental with vertically integrated hospitality services. In January 2021, the project was suspended due to the Keystone XL Presidential Permit being revoked. Then on July 23, 2021, the Company executed the Termination and Settlement Agreement, which effectively terminated the Company s contract with TC Energy that was originated in 2013 and no further revenue will be generated from the contract with TC Energy. Key Indicators of Financial Performance Our management uses a variety of financial and operating metrics to analyze our performance. We view these metrics as significant factors in assessing our operating results and profitability and intend to review these measurements frequently for consistency and trend analysis. We primarily review the following profit and loss information when assessing our performance: Revenue We analyze our revenues by comparing actual revenues to our internal budgets and projections for a given period and to prior periods to assess our performance. We believe that revenues are a meaningful indicator of the demand and pricing for our services. Key drivers to change in revenues may include average utilization of existing beds, levels of development activity in the HFS South and HFS Midwest segments, and the consumer price index impacting government contracts. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Adjusted Gross Profit We analyze our adjusted gross profit, which is a Non-GAAP measure, which we define as revenues less cost of sales, excluding impairment and depreciation of specialty rental assets to measure our financial performance. Please see Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a definition and reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP measure. We believe adjusted gross profit is a meaningful metric because it provides insight on financial performance of our revenue streams without consideration of company overhead. Additionally, using adjusted gross profit gives us insight on factors impacting cost of sales, such as efficiencies of our direct labor and material costs. When analyzing adjusted gross profit, we compare actual adjusted gross profit to our budgets and internal projections and to prior period results for a given period in order to assess our performance. We also use Non-GAAP measures such as EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Discretionary cash flows to evaluate the operating performance of our business. For a more in-depth discussion of the Non-GAAP measures, please refer to the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section. Segments We have identified four reportable business segments: Hospitality Facilities Services - South, Hospitality Facilities Services - Midwest, Government, and TCPL Keystone: Hospitality Facilities Services - South The HFS South segment reflects our facilities and operations in the HFS South region and includes our 14 communities located across Texas and New Mexico. Hospitality Facilities Services - Midwest The HFS Midwest segment reflects our facilities and operations in the HFS Midwest region and includes our 3 communities in North Dakota. Government The Government segment includes the facilities and operations of the family residential center and the related support communities in Dilley, Texas (the South Texas Family Residential Center provided under a lease and services agreement with our FRCC Partner. Additionally, this segment also includes facilities and operations provided under a lease and services agreement with our NP Partner, backed by a committed United States Government contract, to provide a suit of comprehensive service offerings in support of their humanitarian aid efforts. TCPL Keystone The TCPL Keystone segment reflects initial preparatory work and plans for facilities and services provided in connection with the TC Energy Keystone pipeline project. In January 2021, the TCPL project was suspended due to the Keystone XL Presidential Permit being revoked. Then on July 23, 2021, the Company executed the Termination and Settlement Agreement, which effectively terminated the Company s contract with TC Energy that was originated in 2013. As a result of the Termination and Settlement Agreement, no further activity is expected in this segment. All Other Our other facilities and operations which do not meet the criteria to be a separate reportable segment are consolidated and reported as All Other which represents the facilities and operations of one community in Oklahoma, one community in Canada, and the catering and other services provided to communities and other workforce accommodation facilities for the natural resource development industries not owned by us. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Key Factors Impacting the Comparability of Results The historical results of operations for the periods presented may not be comparable, either to each other or to our future results of operations, for the reasons described below: COVID-19 and Commodity Price Volatility The COVID-19 pandemic and the disruption in the natural resource development industry has had a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The financial results for the year ended December 31, 2020 reflect the reduced activity in the HFS South and HFS Midwest segments resulting from the negative effects of the commodity price volatility compounded by the effects of COVID-19 as these disruptions created significant challenges for our natural resource development end-market customers during the year ended December 31, 2020. This drove a significant reduction in our utilization in these segments during 2020, and, although we have experienced steady increases in utilization into 2022, such utilization levels have not yet reached pre-pandemic levels experienced during the first quarter of 2020. During 2020, these events also impacted the liquidity of our natural resources development end market customers resulting in a greater level of bad debt expense during 2020. However, total Company consolidated results have exceeded pre-pandemic levels driven primarily by Government segment growth and expansion. Termination of the TCPL Keystone Contract In January 2021, the TCPL project was suspended due to the Keystone XL Presidential Permit being revoked. Then on July 23, 2021, the Company executed the Termination and Settlement Agreement, which effectively terminated the Company s contract with TC Energy that was originated in 2013. As a result of the Termination and Settlement Agreement, no further activity is expected in the TCPL Keystone segment. Government Segment Growth A significant new contract was originated in the Government segment in March of 2021 with our NP Partner, backed by a committed United States Government contract, to provide a suite of comprehensive service offerings in support of their humanitarian aid efforts. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company executed the Expanded Humanitarian Contract to provide enhanced infrastructure and comprehensive facility services that support the critical hospitality solutions the Company provides to the NP Partner and the U.S. Government in their humanitarian aid missions. The Expanded Humanitarian Contract provides for significant scope expansion and term extension for the continuation of services provided under the agreement that originated in March 2021. The Expanded Humanitarian Contract operates with similar structure to the Company s existing government services contracts, which are centered around minimum revenue commitments supported by the United States Government. Additionally, the Expanded Humanitarian Contract includes variable services revenue that will align with monthly community population. The minimum revenue commitments, which consist of annual recurring lease revenue and nonrecurring infrastructure enhancement revenue, provide for a minimum annual revenue contribution of approximately 390 million and is fully committed over its initial contract term. The services revenue component provides for a maximum initial annual total contract value of approximately 575 million. Results of Operations The period to period comparisons of our results of operations have been prepared using the historical periods included in our audited consolidated financial statements. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this document. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Consolidated Results of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 in thousands) : 

For the Years Ended December 31, Amount of Increase (Decrease) Percentage Change Increase (Decrease) Amount of Increase (Decrease) Percentage Change Increase (Decrease) Revenues: 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 2021 vs. 2020 Services income 333,702 203,134 132,430 130,568 64 70,704 53 Specialty rental income 168,283 76,909 52,960 91,374 119 23,949 45 Construction fee income - 11,294 39,758 (11,294) (100) (28,464) (72) Total revenues 501,985 291,337 225,148 210,648 72 66,189 29 Costs: Services 174,200 120,192 109,185 54,008 45 11,007 10 Specialty rental 27,824 16,186 8,843 11,638 72 7,343 83 Depreciation of specialty rental assets 52,833 53,609 49,965 (776) (1) 3,644 7 Gross profit 247,128 101,350 57,155 145,778 144 44,195 77 Selling, general and administrative 57,893 46,461 38,128 11,432 25 8,333 22 Other depreciation and amortization 14,832 16,910 15,649 (2,078) (12) 1,261 8 Other expense (income), net 36 880 (723) (844) (96) 1,603 (222) Operating income 174,367 37,099 4,101 137,268 370 32,998 805 Interest expense, net 36,323 38,704 40,034 (2,381) (6) (1,330) (3) Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 31,735 1,067 (2,347) 30,668 2874 3,414 (145) Income (loss) before income tax 106,309 (2,672) (33,586) 108,981 (4,079) 30,914 (92) Income tax expense (benefit) 32,370 1,904 (8,455) 30,466 1600 10,359 (123) Net income (loss) 73,939 (4,576) (25,131) 78,515 (1,716) 20,555 (82) Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Total Revenue. Total revenue was 502.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 291.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and consisted of 333.7 million of services income and 168.3 million of specialty income. Total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of 203.1 million of services income, 76.9 million of specialty rental income and 11.3 million of construction fee income. Services income consists primarily of specialty rental and vertically integrated and comprehensive hospitality services including catering, food services, maintenance, housekeeping, grounds-keeping, security, overall workforce community management services, health and recreation facilities, concierge services and laundry service. The main driver of the increase in services income revenue year over year was growth in the Government segment combined with an increase in customer activity in the HFS South segment as well as a slight increase in HFS Midwest, along with increased customer demand at one community in Canada included within the All Other segment. This growth was partially offset by a reduction in activity in the TCPL Keystone segment as a result of the termination discussed below contributed to an offsetting decrease in services income of approximately 1.0 million during 2022. The net increase was also partially offset by a decrease of approximately 0.7 million from one community in the All Other segment driven by the shutdown of that community in February 2022. Construction fee income consists primarily of revenue from the construction phase of the TCPL contract with the prior year consisting almost exclusively of revenue related to the Termination and Settlement Agreement. The decrease in construction fee income in 2022 compared to 2021 was due to the project being suspended at the end of January 2021, subsequently cancelled in June 2021, and finally resulted in the contract being terminated in July 2021 pursuant to the Termination and Settlement Agreement. Specialty rental income consists primarily of revenues from renting rooms at facilities leased or owned. Specialty rental income increased as a result of growth in the Government segment as a result of the revenue generated by the new Government contracts entered into in March 2021 and May 2022. Cost of services. Cost of services was 174.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 120.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in services costs is primarily due to an increase related to growth in 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 the Government segment as mentioned above. Additionally, there was also an increase in services costs in HFS South, HFS Midwest, and one community in Canada included in the All Other segment driven by the increase in customer activity mentioned above. These increases were partially offset by the suspension of the TCPL project at the end of January 2021 and subsequent cancellation in June 2021 driven by the Presidential Permit being revoked. Pursuant to the Termination and Settlement Agreement, the underlying contract with TC Energy was terminated in July 2021. Specialty rental costs. Specialty rental costs were approximately 27.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 16.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in specialty rental costs is primarily due to an increase in costs related to growth in the Government segment. Depreciation of specialty rental assets. Depreciation of specialty rental assets was 52.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 53.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in depreciation expense is primarily attributable to a decrease for a location within the Government segment as a result of site work being fully depreciated as of September 30, 2021. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in depreciation expense driven by growth in the Government segment related to the contract that originated in March of 2021 and the new subcontract that originated in May of 2022 with the NP Partner. Selling, general and administrative. Selling, general and administrative was 57.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 46.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense of 11.4 million was primarily attributable to an increase in stock compensation expense of approximately 14.0 million largely from RSUs and liability-based SARs driven by an increase in the Company s stock price during the current year. Marketing and advertising, office costs, and other corporate costs (including public company costs) increased by approximately 0.5 million, 0.7 million, and 0.5 million, respectively. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of approximately 2.1 million led primarily by commissions, bonus, and severance expenses, as there has been no material changes in corporate head count from the prior period. Legal and professional fees are also down from the prior period by approximately 0.8 million driven largely by the prior period including an advisory fee associated with corporate development activity experienced during the year ended December 31, 2021 that did not recur during the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, there was a decrease in other legal and advisory fees of approximately 0.9 million primarily related to the previously announced non-binding proposal made by Arrow Holdings S. r.l. Arrow ), an affiliate of TDR Capital LLP TDR ), to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of Target Hospitality not owned by Arrow or its affiliates for cash consideration of 1.50 per share (the Proposal ). On March 29, 2021, this Proposal was withdrawn and the Company did not incur any further costs related to this Proposal. Bad debt expense also decreased by approximately 1.2 million, which was driven in part by net recoveries of previously reserved bad debt amounts. Other depreciation and amortization. Other depreciation and amortization expense was 14.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 16.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in other depreciation and amortization is primarily driven by a decrease in customer related intangible asset amortization associated with customer related intangible assets that became fully amortized in March 2022. Other expense, net. Other expense, net was less than 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in expense was primarily driven by an increase in gains generated from the sale of assets and the reduction of COVID-19 procedure related expenses in the current year. Interest expense, net. Interest expense, net was 36.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to interest expense, net of 38.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in interest expense is driven by approximately 0.9 million of interest that was capitalized during the year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with capital project activity driven by the expansion in the Government segment associated with the Expanded Humanitarian Contract. Interest was not capitalized during the year ended December 31, 2021 as there were no such expansion activities during that period. Additionally, the decrease in interest expense, net is driven by an increase in interest income earned. Change in fair value of warrant liabilities. Change in fair value of warrant liabilities represents the fair value adjustments to the outstanding Private Warrant liabilities based on the change in their estimated fair value at each reporting period end. The change in fair value of the warrant liabilities was 31.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in the fair value of the warrant liabilities is the result of changes in market prices deriving the value of the financial instruments. The estimated value of the Private Warrants have increased in both the prior and current year, generating a reduction to income in both years. Income tax expense. Income tax expense was 32.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in income tax expense is primarily attributable to an increase in income before income tax as well as an increase in state tax expense based off of gross receipts as a result of the increase in revenues due to improvements in overall operations and growth in the business from the Government segment. Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 For discussion of the comparison of our operating results for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, please read the Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 section located in the Management Discussion Analysis section in our 2021 Annual Report on From 10-K filed on March 11, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. Segment Results The following table sets forth our selected results of operations for each of our reportable segments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 in thousands, except for Average Daily Rate amounts). 

For the Years Ended December 31, Amount of Increase (Decrease) Percentage Change Increase (Decrease) Amount of Increase (Decrease) Percentage Change Increase (Decrease) Revenue: 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 2021 vs. 2020 Government 360,294 156,250 63,259 204,044 131 92,991 147 Hospitality Facilities Services - South 132,373 116,958 112,126 15,415 13 4,832 4 Hospitality Facilities Services - Midwest 6,168 4,150 6,605 2,018 49 (2,455) (37) TCPL Keystone - 12,283 41,911 (12,283) (100) (29,628) (71) All Other 3,150 1,696 1,247 1,454 86 449 36 Total revenues 501,985 291,337 225,148 210,648 72 66,189 29 Adjusted Gross Profit Government 246,598 94,801 47,523 151,797 160 47,278 99 Hospitality Facilities Services - South 54,558 52,344 51,518 2,214 4 826 2 Hospitality Facilities Services - Midwest (258) (711) 161 453 (64) (872) (543) TCPL Keystone - 9,161 8,617 (9,161) (100) 544 6 All Other (937) (636) (699) (301) 47 63 (9) Total Adjusted Gross Profit 299,961 154,959 107,120 145,002 94 47,839 45 Average Daily Rate Hospitality Facilities Services - South 73.39 74.64 81.67 (1.25) (7.03) Hospitality Facilities Services - Midwest 61.20 68.91 79.69 (7.71) (10.78) Note: Adjusted gross profit for the chief operating decision maker s CODM analysis includes the services and rental costs recognized in the financial statements and excludes depreciation on specialty rental assets, certain severance costs, and loss on impairment. Average daily rate is calculated based on specialty rental income and services income received over the period indicated, divided by utilized bed nights. Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Government Revenue for the Government segment was 360.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 156.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Adjusted gross profit for the Government segment was 246.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 94.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Revenue and adjusted gross profit increased as a result of the new contracts originated in the Government segment in March of 2021 and May of 2022 as previously mentioned. Hospitality Facilities Services - South Revenue for the HFS South segment was 132.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 117.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Adjusted gross profit for the HFS South segment was 54.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 52.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in revenue of 15.4 million and increase in adjusted gross profit of approximately 2.3 million was primarily attributable to an increase in utilization driven by a significant increase in customer demand. Hospitality Facilities Services - Midwest Revenue for the HFS Midwest segment was 6.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 4.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Adjusted gross profit for the HFS Midwest segment was 0.3) million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 0.7) million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in revenue of 2.0 million and increase in adjusted gross profit of 0.5 million was primarily attributable to an increase in utilization driven by an increase in customer demand. TCPL Keystone Revenue for the TCPL Keystone segment was 0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 12.3 million and 41.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Adjusted gross profit for the TCPL Keystone segment was 0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 9.2 million and 8.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in revenue and adjusted gross profit was due to the TCPL project being suspended at the end of January 2021, subsequently cancelled in June 2021, and finally resulting in the TCPL contract being terminated in July 2021. As a result of the Termination and Settlement Agreement, no further activity or revenue is expected in this segment. Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 For discussion of the comparison of our operating results for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, please read the Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 section located in the Management Discussion Analysis section in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 11, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. Liquidity and Capital Resources We depend on cash flow from operations, cash on hand and borrowings under our ABL Facility to finance our acquisition strategy, working capital needs, and capital expenditures. We currently believe that our cash on hand, along with these sources of funds will provide sufficient liquidity to fund debt service requirements, support our growth strategy, lease obligations, contingent liabilities and working capital investments for at least the next 12 months. However, we cannot 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 assure you that we will be able to obtain future debt or equity financings adequate for our future cash requirements on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient, we may be forced to reduce or delay additional acquisitions, future investments and capital expenditures, and seek additional capital. Significant delays in our ability to finance planned acquisitions or capital expenditures may materially and adversely affect our future revenue prospects. We will continue to evaluate alternatives to optimize our capital structure, which could include the issuance or repurchase of additional unsecured and secured debt, equity securities and/or equity-linked securities. There can be no assurance as to the timing of any such issuance or repurchase. From time to time, we may also seek to streamline our capital structure and improve our financial position through refinancing or restructuring our existing debt or retiring certain of our securities for cash or other consideration. For additional discussion of risks related to our liquidity and capital resources, refer to the section titled Risk Factors in Part I Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . Capital Requirements During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred approximately 140.9 million in capital expenditures, which increased by approximately 104.1 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Our total annual 2022 capital spending included growth projects to increase community capacity, mainly in the Government segment. In 2020, in response to anticipated lower utilization levels resulting from the impact of commodity price volatility and COVID-19, as previously discussed, the Company reduced its anticipated 2020 capital expenditures by 50 . In 2021, capital expenditures incurred increased from 2020. This increase was primarily driven by growth in the Government segment and maintenance capital expenditures that were delayed in 2020 to conserve cash. Although growth capital expenditures are largely discretionary, our long-lived specialty rental assets require a certain level of maintenance capital expenditures, which have ranged from approximately 0.4 to 4 of annual revenue between 2018 and 2022, with an average cost of approximately 1.8 of annual revenue. Maintenance capital expenditures for specialty rental assets amounted to approximately 12.5 million, 11.7 million, and 0.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As we pursue growth, we monitor which capital resources, including equity and debt financings, are available to us to meet our future financial obligations, planned capital expenditure activities and liquidity requirements. However, future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including the ability to maintain existing contracts, obtain new contracts and manage our operating expenses. The failure to achieve anticipated revenue and cash flows from operations could result in a reduction in future capital spending. We cannot assure you that operations and other needed capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. In the event we make additional acquisitions and the amount of capital required is greater than the amount we have available for acquisitions at that time, we could be required to reduce the expected level of capital expenditures or seek additional capital. We cannot assure you that needed capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. The following table sets forth general information derived from our audited consolidated statements of cash flows: 

For the Years Ended in thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 305,612 104,599 46,781 Net cash used in investing activities (140,228) (35,915) (10,949) Net cash used in financing activities (7,098) (52,271) (35,683) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (19) 14 (9) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 158,267 16,427 140 Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Cash flows provided by operating activities . Net cash provided by operating activities was 305.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 104.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase in cash provided by operating activities relates primarily to an increase in cash collections of approximately 277.5 million, of 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 which approximately 291.1 million resulted from growth in the Government segment, partially offset by advance collection on approximately 24.9 million of revenue recognized in the current year. Such revenue was collected in cash during the year ended December 31, 2021, which partially offset the increase in cash flows from operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. The additional change was driven by an increase in cash collections of approximately 26.9 million from our other segments, partially offset by a decrease in cash collections from TC Energy of approximately 14.5 million, and a decrease in cash collections associated with a related party receivable of approximately 1.2 million. This net increase in cash collections of approximately 277.5 million was partially offset by an increase in cash paid for income taxes of approximately 4.1 million and an increase in cash payments for operating expenses and payroll of approximately 76.7 million resulting from growth and increased activity year-over-year. The remaining change was driven primarily by a decrease in cash paid for interest of approximately 1.1 million and an increase in cash received for interest of approximately 1.3 million. Cash flows used in investing activities . Net cash used in investing activities was 140.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 35.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase in cash used in investing activities primarily relates to the increase in capital expenditures driven by growth in the Government segment. Cash flows used in financing activities . Net cash used in financing activities was 7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 52.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash used in financing activities was driven primarily by a 48 million decrease in net repayments on the ABL Facility driven by a higher net outstanding balance on the ABL Facility in the prior year prior to it being fully paid. The prior period also includes 2.9 million in cash outflows related to an insurance financing arrangement fully paid off in the prior period that did not recur in the current period as the insurance was paid in cash upon renewal. These decreases in cash used in financing activities were partially offset by the current period including an elective 5.5 million repayment of the 2024 Senior Secured Notes. Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 For discussion of the comparison of our operating results for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, please read the Comparison of Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 section located in the Management Discussion Analysis section in the our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 11, 2022 and is incorporated herein by reference. Indebtedness The Company s finance lease and other financing obligations as of December 31, 2022 consisted of 2.2 million of finance leases. The finance leases pertain to leases entered into during 2019 through 2022, for commercial-use vehicles with 36-month terms expiring through 2025. Refer to Notes 1, 8, and 13 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 within this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion regarding finance leases. The Company s finance lease and other financing obligations as of December 31, 2021, consisted of approximately 1.4 million of finance leases related to commercial-use vehicles with the same terms as described above. ABL Facility On the Closing Date, in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, Topaz, Arrow Bidco, Target, Signor and each of their domestic subsidiaries entered into an ABL credit agreement that provides for a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of up to 125 million (the ABL Facility ). Approximately 40 million of proceeds from the ABL Facility were used to finance a portion of the consideration payable and fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Business Combination. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repaid a net amount of 48 million of borrowings under the ABL Facility from excess cash available, which reduced the outstanding balance to 0 as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 70 million was drawn and 70 million was repaid on the ABL Facility resulting in an outstanding balance of 0 as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the maturity date of the ABL Facility was September 15, 2023. On February 1, 2023, the ABL 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Facility was amended to, among other things, extend the maturity date to February 1, 2028. Refer to Note 21 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements located in Part II, Item 8 within this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on this amendment. Refer to Note 8 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements located in Part II, Item 8 within this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on the ABL Facility. Senior Secured Notes In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, Arrow Bidco issued 340 million in aggregate principal amount of 9.50 senior secured notes due March 15, 2024 (the 2024 Senior Secured Notes or Notes under an indenture dated March 15, 2019 (the Indenture ). The Indenture was entered into by and among Arrow Bidco, the guarantors named therein (the Note Guarantors ), and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee and as collateral agent. Interest is payable semi-annually on September 15 and March 15 and began September 15, 2019. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made an elective repayment of approximately 5.5 million on the Notes, reducing the principal balance outstanding to 334.5 million from an original principal balance of 340 million. Refer to Note 8 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements located in Part II, Item 8 within this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional discussion of the 2024 Senior Secured Notes. Cash requirements We expect that our principal short-term (over the next 12 months) and long-term needs for cash relating to our operations will be to primarily fund (i) operating activities and working capital, (ii) maintenance capital expenditures for specialty rental assets, (iii) payments due under finance and operating leases, (iv) debt service, (v) elective repayments on our 2024 Senior Secured Notes. We plan to fund such cash requirements from our existing sources of liquidity as previously discussed. The table below presents information on payments coming due under the most significant categories of our needs for cash (excluding operating cash flows pertaining to normal business operations, other than operating lease obligations) as of December 31, 2022 in thousands): 

Total 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Interest Payments on 2024 Senior Secured Notes (1) 47,667 31,778 15,889 2024 Senior Secured Notes 334,500 334,500 Operating lease obligations, including imputed interest (2) 25,499 12,942 4,654 4,012 3,283 608 Total 407,666 44,720 355,043 4,012 3,283 608 

 (1) We will incur and pay interest expense at 9.50 of the remaining face value of 334.5 million annually, or 31.8 million in connection with our 2024 Senior Secured Notes due March 15, 2024. Over the remaining term of the Notes, interest payments total approximately 47.7 million. (2) Represents interest on operating lease obligations calculated using the appropriate discount rate for each lease as noted in Note 13 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements located in Part II, Item 8 within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Commitments and Contingencies The Company leases certain land, building, office, modular units, and equipment under non-cancellable operating leases, the terms of which vary and generally contain renewal options. Refer to Note 13 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements located in Part II, Item 8 within this Annual Report on Form 10-K for disclosure of future minimum lease payments over the next five years and thereafter at December 31, 2022, by year and in the aggregate, under non-cancelable operating leases. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our audited consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles US GAAP ). For a discussion of the critical accounting policies and estimates that we use in the preparation of our audited consolidated financial statements, including assumptions and estimates used to test goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment, when a quantitative test is required, refer to Note 1 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Principles of Consolidation Refer to Note 1 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 within this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of principles of consolidation. Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Standards Refer to Note 1 of the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 within this Annual Report on Form 10-K for our assessment of recently issued and adopted accounting standards. Non-GAAP Financial Measures We have included Adjusted gross profit, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Discretionary cash flows which are measurements not calculated in accordance with US GAAP, in the discussion of our financial results because they are key metrics used by management to assess financial performance. Our business is capital-intensive and these additional metrics allow management to further evaluate our operating performance. Target Hospitality defines Adjusted gross profit, as gross profit plus depreciation of specialty rental assets, loss on impairment, and certain severance costs. Target Hospitality defines EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest expense and loss on extinguishment of debt, income tax expense (benefit), depreciation of specialty rental assets, and other depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA reflects the following further adjustments to EBITDA to exclude certain non-cash items and the effect of what management considers transactions or events not related to its core business operations: Other expense, net: Other expense, net includes miscellaneous cash receipts, gains and losses on disposals of property, plant, and equipment, involuntary asset conversion gains and losses, COVID-19 related expenses, and other immaterial charges. Transaction expenses: Target Hospitality incurred certain transaction costs during 2020, 2021 and 2022, including legal and professional fees, associated with the Proposal and Warrant restatement in 2021 as well as other immaterial items in 2020 and 2022. Stock-based compensation: Charges associated with stock-based compensation expense, which has been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, a significant recurring expense in our business and an important part of our compensation strategy. Change in fair value of warrant liabilities: Non-cash change in estimated fair value of warrant liabilities. Other adjustments: System implementation costs, including primarily non-cash amortization of capitalized system implementation costs, claim settlement, business development, accounting standard implementation costs and certain severance costs. 

 62 

Table of Contents 
 We define Discretionary cash flows as cash flows from operations less maintenance capital expenditures for specialty rental assets. EBITDA reflects net income (loss) excluding the impact of interest expense and loss on extinguishment of debt, provision for income taxes, depreciation, and amortization. We believe that EBITDA is a meaningful indicator of operating performance because we use it to measure our ability to service debt, fund capital expenditures, and expand our business. We also use EBITDA, as do analysts, lenders, investors, and others, to evaluate companies because it excludes certain items that can vary widely across different industries or among companies within the same industry. For example, interest expense can be dependent on a company s capital structure, debt levels, and credit ratings. Accordingly, the impact of interest expense on earnings can vary significantly among companies. The tax positions of companies can also vary because of their differing abilities to take advantage of tax benefits and because of the tax policies of the jurisdictions in which they operate. As a result, effective tax rates and provision for income taxes can vary considerably among companies. EBITDA also excludes depreciation and amortization expense, because companies utilize productive assets of different ages and use different methods of both acquiring and depreciating productive assets. These differences can result in considerable variability in the relative costs of productive assets and the depreciation and amortization expense among companies. Target Hospitality also believes that Adjusted EBITDA is a meaningful indicator of operating performance. Our Adjusted EBITDA reflects adjustments to exclude the effects of additional items, including certain items, that are not reflective of the ongoing operating results of Target Hospitality. In addition, to derive Adjusted EBITDA, we exclude gains or losses on the sale and disposal of depreciable assets and impairment losses because including them in EBITDA is inconsistent with reporting the ongoing performance of our remaining assets. Additionally, the gain or loss on sale and disposal of depreciable assets and impairment losses represents either accelerated depreciation or excess depreciation in previous periods, and depreciation is excluded from EBITDA. Target Hospitality also presents Discretionary cash flows because we believe it provides useful information regarding our business as more fully described below. Discretionary cash flows indicate the amount of cash available after maintenance capital expenditures for specialty rental assets for, among other things, investments in our existing business. Adjusted gross profit, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Discretionary cash flows are not measurements of Target Hospitality s financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to gross profit, net income (loss) or other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP, or as alternatives to cash flow from operating activities as measures of Target Hospitality s liquidity. Adjusted gross profit, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Discretionary cash flows should not be considered as discretionary cash available to Target Hospitality to reinvest in the growth of our business or as measures of cash that is available to it to meet our obligations. In addition, the measurement of Adjusted gross profit, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Discretionary cash flows may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Target Hospitality s management believe that Adjusted gross profit, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Discretionary cash flows provide useful information to investors about Target Hospitality and its financial condition and results of operations for the following reasons: (i) they are among the measures used by Target Hospitality s management team to evaluate its operating performance; (ii) they are among the measures used by Target Hospitality s management team to make day-to-day operating decisions, (iii) they are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties as a common performance measure to compare results across companies in Target Hospitality s industry. The following table presents a reconciliation of Target Hospitality s consolidated gross profit to Adjusted gross profit: 

For the Years Ended in thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Gross Profit 247,128 101,350 57,155 Depreciation of specialty rental assets 52,833 53,609 49,965 Adjusted gross profit 299,961 154,959 107,120 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Target Hospitality s consolidated net income (loss) to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA: 

For the Years Ended in thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) 73,939 (4,576) (25,131) Income tax expense (benefit) 32,370 1,904 (8,455) Interest expense, net 36,323 38,704 40,034 Other depreciation and amortization 14,832 16,910 15,649 Depreciation of specialty rental assets 52,833 53,609 49,965 EBITDA 210,297 106,551 72,062 Adjustments Other expense, net 36 878 416 Transaction expenses 283 1,198 979 Stock-based compensation 19,121 5,082 3,592 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 31,735 1,067 (2,347) Other adjustments 3,242 4,400 3,786 Adjusted EBITDA 264,714 119,176 78,488 The following table presents a reconciliation of Target Hospitality s Net cash provided by operating activities to Discretionary cash flows: 

For the Years Ended in thousands) December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net cash provided by operating activities 305,612 104,599 46,781 Less: Maintenance capital expenditures for specialty rental assets (12,314) (11,659) (888) Discretionary cash flows 293,298 92,940 45,893 Purchase of specialty rental assets (120,287) (35,488) (12,177) Purchase of property, plant and equipment (20,556) (427) (381) Receipt of insurance proceeds - - 619 Proceeds from sale of specialty rental assets and other property, plant and equipment 615 - 990 Net cash used in investing activities (140,228) (35,915) (10,949) Proceeds from borrowings on finance and finance lease obligations - - 13,437 Principal payments on finance and finance lease obligations (1,008) (4,172) (11,581) Principal payments on borrowings from ABL (70,000) (76,000) (74,500) Proceeds from borrowings on ABL 70,000 28,000 42,500 Repayment of Senior Notes (5,500) - - Payment of issuance costs from warrant exchange (774) - - Proceeds from issuance of Common Stock from exercise of warrants 80 - - Proceeds from issuance of Common Stock from exercise of stock options 225 - - Purchase of treasury stock - - (5,318) Restricted shares surrendered to pay tax liabilities (121) (99) (221) Net cash used in financing activities (7,098) (52,271) (35,683) 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Our principal market risks are our exposure to interest rates and commodity risks. Interest Rates We are exposed to interest rate risk through our ABL Facility which is subject to the risk of higher interest charges associated with increases in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, we had 0 of outstanding floating-rate obligations under our credit facilities. These floating-rate obligations expose us to the risk of increased interest expense in the event of increases in short-term interest rates. If floating interest rates increased by 100 basis points, our consolidated interest expense would not be impacted, however, based on our floating-rate debt obligations, which had no outstanding balances as December 31, 2022. Commodity Risk Commodity price fluctuations also indirectly influence our activities and results of operations over the long-term because they may affect production rates and investments by natural resource development companies in the development of commodity reserves. We have limited direct exposure to risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices. However, both our profitability and our cash flows are affected by volatility in commodity prices. We do not currently hedge our exposure to commodity prices. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 67 Consolidated Balance Sheets 68 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 69 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 70 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 71 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 72 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Target Hospitality Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Target Hospitality Corp. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. March 10, 2023 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Target Hospitality Corp. Consolidated Balance Sheets in thousands) 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively Prepaid expenses and other assets Total current assets Specialty rental assets, net Other property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Deferred tax asset Deferred financing costs revolver, net Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Deferred revenue and customer deposits Current portion of operating lease obligations Current portion of finance lease and other financing obligations (Note 8) Total current liabilities Other liabilities: Long-term debt (Note 8): Principal amount Less: unamortized original issue discount ) ) Less: unamortized term loan deferred financing costs ) ) Long-term debt, net Long-term finance lease and other financing obligations Long-term operating lease obligations Other non-current liabilities Deferred revenue and customer deposits Deferred tax liability Asset retirement obligations Warrant liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) Stockholders equity: Common Stock, par, authorized, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021. Common Stock in treasury at cost, shares as of December 31, 2022 and shares as of December 31, 2021. ) ) Additional paid-in-capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity See accompanying notes which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Target Hospitality Corp. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) in thousands, except per share amounts) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: Services income Specialty rental income Construction fee income - Total revenue Costs: Services Specialty rental Depreciation of specialty rental assets Gross profit Selling, general and administrative Other depreciation and amortization Other expense (income), net ) Operating income Interest expense, net Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) Income (loss) before income tax ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Foreign currency translation ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Weighted average number shares outstanding - basic Weighted average number shares outstanding - diluted Net income (loss) per share - basic ) ) Net income (loss) per share - diluted ) ) See accompanying notes which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Target Hospitality Corp. Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 in thousands) 

Common Stock Common Stock in Treasury Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Earnings Total Stockholders Equity Balances at December 31, 2019 ) ) Net loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares used to settle payroll tax withholding ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment Balances at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net loss ) ) Stock-based compensation Shares used to settle payroll tax withholding ) ) Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Stock-based compensation Shares used to settle payroll tax withholding ) ) Cancelled common stock ) Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Common Stock issued in warrant exchange Issuance of Common Stock from exercise of warrants Issuance of Common Stock from exercise of stock options Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) See accompanying notes which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Target Hospitality Corp. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in thousands) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Noncash operating lease expense Accretion of asset retirement obligation ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of original issue discount Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) Stock-based compensation expense (Gain) loss on sale of specialty rental assets and other property, plant and equipment ) ) Gain on involuntary conversion ) Deferred income taxes ) Provision for loss on receivables, net of recoveries Changes in operating assets and liabilities Accounts receivable ) ) Related party receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities Deferred revenue and customer deposits ) Operating lease obligation ) Other non-current assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of specialty rental assets ) ) ) Purchase of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of specialty rental assets and other property, plant and equipment Receipt of insurance proceeds Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Principal payments on finance and finance lease obligations ) ) ) Proceeds from borrowings on finance and finance lease obligations Principal payments on borrowings from ABL ) ) ) Proceeds from borrowings on ABL Repayment of Senior Notes ) Payment of issuance costs from warrant exchange ) Proceeds from issuance of Common Stock from exercise of warrants Proceeds from issuance of Common Stock from exercise of stock options Restricted shares surrendered to pay tax liabilities ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents - end of year Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized Income taxes paid, net of refunds received Decrease in accrued capital expenditures Operating lease liabilities arising from obtaining operating lease assets ) Non-cash investing and financing activity: Non-cash capital contribution - warrant liabilities from warrant exchange Non-cash change in accrued issuance costs from warrant exchange ) Non-cash change in finance lease obligations ) ) See accompanying notes which are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Target Hospitality Corp. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Amounts in Thousands, Unless Stated Otherwise) of Target Hospitality and the remaining ownership is broken out among the founders of the Company s legal predecessor, Platinum Eagle Acquisition Corp. Platinum Eagle or PEAC ), investors in Platinum Eagle s private placement transaction, and other public shareholders. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Charges to bad debt expense Recoveries ) ) ) Write-offs ) ) ) Balances at End of Year Charges to bad debt expense, net of recoveries for the period are included within selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily consist of insurance, taxes, rent, deposits and permits. Prepaid insurance, rent, and permits are amortized over the related term of the respective agreements. Prepaid taxes are recognized as expense over the related future tax period. Other assets of approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily consist of million and million of deposits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and million and million of hospitality inventory as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Inventory, primarily consisting of food and beverages, is accounted for by the first-in, first-out method and is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. customers who accounted for and of revenues, respectively. The largest customers accounted for and of accounts receivable, respectively, while other customer accounted for more than 10 of the accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had customers representing and of total revenues, respectively. The largest customers accounted for and of accounts receivable, respectively, at December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company had customers representing and of total revenues, respectively. Major suppliers are defined as those individually comprising more than 10.0 of the annual goods purchased. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had major supplier representing and of goods purchased, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company had major suppliers, representing , , and of goods purchased, respectively. The Company provides services almost entirely to customers in the governmental and natural resource industries and as such, are almost entirely dependent upon the continued activity of such customers. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 . The estimated useful life of site work (above ground and below ground infrastructure) is . The estimated useful life of furniture and fixtures is . Assets leased under capital leases are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term or their useful lives unless it is reasonably certain that the Company will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term. Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are adjusted prospectively, if a revision is determined to be appropriate. - years Machinery and office equipment - years Furniture and fixtures years Software years Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 to years. Amortization of intangible assets is included in other depreciation and amortization on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). impairment is recognized. If management determines that the carrying value cannot be recovered based on estimated future undiscounted cash flows, without interest charges, over the shorter of the asset s estimated useful life or the expected holding period, an impairment loss would be recorded based on the estimated fair value of the asset. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 assets were considered held for sale. million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which represents the present value of the estimated future cost of these AROs of approximately million. Accretion expense of approximately million, million and million was recognized in specialty rental costs in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 million and million for its operating leases, respectively, primarily related to the leasing of land, and certain community units. The adjustments related to operating leases affected the Company s January 1, 2022 consolidated balance sheet as follows: Total asset adjustments Operating lease obligations, current and long-term - Total liability adjustments Upon adoption of the new standard, the Company reclassified amounts related to its finance leases, which relate to commercial-use vehicles, as follows: - Total asset adjustments - Finance lease and other financing obligations, current and long-term - Capital lease and other financing obligations, current and long-term ) - Total liability adjustments - The adoption of this standard had no impact to the Company s consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), no impact to the consolidated statement of changes in stockholders equity, and it had no impact to net cash provided by operating activities, net cash used in investing activities, or net cash used in financing activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows, other than certain presentation changes within the consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, while million was specialty rental income subject to the guidance of ASC 842 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Total revenue under contracts recognized under Topic 606 was million for the year ended December 31, 2021, while million was specialty rental income subject to the guidance of ASC 840 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Total revenue under contracts recognized under Topic 606 was million for the year ended December 31, 2020, while million was specialty rental income subject to the guidance of ASC 840 for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 reportable segments as well as the All Other category: HFS South, HFS Midwest, Government, TCPL Keystone, and All Other for the years indicated below: Total Hospitality Facilities Services South revenues Hospitality Facilities Services Midwest Services income Total Hospitality Facilities Services Midwest revenues Government Services income Total Government revenues TCPL Keystone Services income - Construction fee income - Total TCPL Keystone revenues - All Other Services income Total All Other revenues Total services and construction fee revenues On July 23, 2021, the Company executed a Termination and Settlement Agreement with TC Energy (the Termination and Settlement Agreement ), which effectively terminated the Company s contract with TC Energy that was originated in 2013. The Termination and Settlement Agreement also released the Company from any outstanding work performance obligations under the 2013 contract (including all change orders, limited notices to proceed, and amendments). Additionally, the Termination and Settlement Agreement resulted in an agreed upon termination fee of approximately million that was collected in cash on July 27, 2021. This Termination and Settlement Agreement also resulted in the recognition of approximately million of deferred revenue as of the effective date of the Termination and Settlement Agreement. All such revenue is recognized in construction fee income within the TCPL Keystone segment included in the above table as well as in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022. No further revenue will be generated from the 2013 contract and as of December 31, 2022, there are unrecognized deferred revenue amounts or costs for incomplete projects related to this contract following such termination. The Company routinely monitors the financial stability of our customers, which involves a high degree of judgment in assessing customers historical time to pay, financial condition and various customer-specific factors. Contract Assets and Liabilities We do not have any contract assets. Contract liabilities primarily consist of deferred revenue that represent payments for room nights that the customer may use in the future as well as an advanced payments for community builds, and mobilization of asset activities related to 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 Additions to deferred revenue Revenue recognized ) ) ) Balances at End of Year The Company applied some of the practical expedients in Topic 606, including the right to invoice practical expedient, and does not disclose consideration for remaining performance obligations with an original expected duration of one year or less or for variable consideration related to unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) performance obligations. Due to the application of these practical expedients, the table above represents only a portion of the Company s expected future consolidated revenues and it is not necessarily indicative of the expected trend in total revenues. Construction-in-process Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Specialty rental assets, net There were specialty rental assets under finance lease as of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Depreciation expense of these assets is presented in depreciation of specialty rental assets in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company disposed of assets with accumulated depreciation of approximately million along with the related gross cost of approximately million. These disposals were associated with a sale of assets with a net book value of approximately million as well as fully depreciated asset retirement costs. The asset sale resulted in a loss on the sale of assets of approximately million and is reported within other expense (income), net in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2020. On October 1, 2021, the Company purchased a group of assets consisting primarily of modular units for million, which was funded by cash on hand as of the acquisition date. The assets were previously leased from the seller to service the Company s Government segment, and effective with the purchase, the lease was terminated. These assets are included in the Specialty rental assets group in the table above and will continue to be used in the Company s Government segment discussed in Note 20. No personnel were assumed as a part of this transaction. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 million, of which approximately million is included within this assets group, to support growth of the Government segment discussed in Note 20, which was funded by cash on hand. The acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition. The Company allocated the total purchase price to identifiable tangible assets based on their relative fair values, which resulted in the entire purchase price being allocated to land and specialty rental assets as noted above. No personnel were assumed as a part of this transaction. Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and office equipment Other Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Total other property, plant and equipment, net Depreciation expense related to other property, plant and equipment was approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in other depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). Included in other property, plant and equipment, net are certain assets under finance lease. The gross cost of the assets under finance lease was approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The accumulated depreciation related to assets under capital leases totaled approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Such amounts under finance lease are included in the other category in the above table as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In June of 2022, the Company purchased land for approximately million to support growth of the Government segment, which was funded by cash on hand. The land is included in the other property, plant and equipment assets group in the table above. In September of 2022, the Company purchased land and specialty rental assets (modular units, site work, and furniture fixtures) for approximately million, of which approximately million is included within this assets group for the land, to support growth of the Government segment discussed in Note 20, which was funded by cash on hand. The acquisition was accounted for as an asset acquisition. The Company allocated the total purchase price to identifiable tangible assets based on their relative fair values, which resulted in the entire purchase price being allocated to land and specialty rental assets as noted above. No personnel were assumed as a part of this transaction. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in Goodwill - Balance at December 31, 2021 Changes in Goodwill - Balance at December 31, 2022 In connection with our annual assessment on October 1, we performed a qualitative assessment based on information currently available in determining if it was more likely than not that the fair value of the Company s HFS South reporting unit was less than the carrying amount. This assessment considered various factors, including changes in the carrying value of the reporting unit, forecasted operating results, other qualitative key events and circumstances, including the macroeconomic environment, the industry, market conditions, cost factors, and events specific to the reporting unit. Based on the results of this qualitative assessment, management concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the Company s HFS South reporting unit was less than its carrying amount. ) Total ) Indefinite lived assets: Tradenames Total intangible assets other than goodwill ) 

December 31, 2021 Weighted Gross average Carrying Accumulated Net Book remaining lives Amount Amortization Value Intangible assets subject to amortization Customer relationships ) Total ) Indefinite lived assets: Tradenames Total intangible assets other than goodwill ) During the year ended December 31, 2022, certain customer relationship intangible assets became fully amortized. The aggregate amortization expense for intangible assets subject to amortization was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and is included in other depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Other non-current assets Such systems were placed into service beginning January of 2020 at which time the Company began to amortize these capitalized costs on a straight-line basis over the period of the remaining service arrangements of between and . Such amortization expense amounted to approximately million, million, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively and is included in selling, general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). Other accrued liabilities Accrued interest on debt Total accrued liabilities Other accrued liabilities in the above table relates primarily to accrued utilities, rent, real estate and sales taxes, state income taxes, liability-based stock compensation awards (see Note 18), and other accrued operating expenses. million in aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due March 15, 2024 (the 2024 Senior Secured Notes or Notes under an indenture dated March 15, 2019 (the Indenture ). The Indenture was entered into by and among Arrow Bidco, the guarantors named therein (the Note Guarantors ), and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee and as collateral agent. Interest is payable semi-annually on September 15 and March 15 and began September 15, 2019. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 million on the Notes. Refer to table below for a description of the amounts related to the Notes. Senior Secured Notes, due 2024 If Arrow Bidco undergoes a change of control or sells certain of its assets, Arrow Bidco may be required to offer to repurchase the Notes. On or after March 15, 2021, Arrow Bidco at its option, may redeem the Notes, in whole or part, upon not less than fifteen (15) and not more than sixty (60) days prior written notice to holders and not less than twenty (20) days prior written notice to the trustee (or such shorter timeline as the trustee may agree), at the redemption price expressed as percentage of principal amount set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon but not including the applicable redemption date (subject to the right of Note holders on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an interest payment date falling on or prior to the redemption date), if redeemed during the 12-month period beginning March 15 of each of the years set below. 2023 and thereafter The Notes are unconditionally guaranteed by Topaz and each of Arrow Bidco s direct and indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries (collectively, the Note Guarantors ). Target Hospitality is not an issuer or a guarantor of the Notes. The Note Guarantors are either borrowers or guarantors under the ABL Facility. To the extent lenders under the ABL Facility release the guarantee of any Note Guarantor, such Note Guarantor is also released from obligations under the Notes. These guarantees are secured by a second priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of Arrow Bidco and the Note Guarantors (subject to customary exclusions). The guarantees of the Notes by TLM Equipment, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TLM Equipment LLC which holds certain of Target Hospitality s assets, are subordinated to its obligations under the ABL Facility (as defined below). The Notes contain certain negative covenants, including limitations that restrict Arrow Bidco s ability and the ability of certain of its subsidiaries, to directly or indirectly, create additional financial obligations. With certain specified exceptions, these negative covenants prohibit Arrow Bidco and certain of its subsidiaries from: creating or incurring additional debt; paying dividends or making any other distributions with respect to its capital stock; making loans or advances to Arrow Bidco or any restricted subsidiary of Arrow Bidco; selling, leasing or transferring any of its property or assets to Arrow Bidco or any restricted subsidiary of Arrow Bidco; directly or indirectly creating, incurring or assuming any lien of any kind securing debt on the collateral; or entering into any sale and leaseback transaction. In connection with the issuance of the Notes, there was an original issue discount of million and the unamortized balance of million is presented on the face of the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 as a reduction of the principal. The discount is amortized over the life of the Notes using the effective interest method. Arrow Bidco s ultimate parent, Target Hospitality, has no significant independent assets or operations except as included in the guarantors of the Senior Secured Notes, the guarantees under the Notes are full and unconditional and joint and several, and any subsidiaries of Target Hospitality that are not subsidiary guarantors of the Notes are minor. There are also no significant restrictions on the ability of Target Hospitality or any guarantor to obtain funds from its subsidiaries by dividend or loan. See discussion of certain negative covenants above. Therefore, pursuant to the SEC Rules, no individual guarantor financial statement disclosures are deemed necessary. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 million of finance leases. The finance leases pertain to leases entered into during 2019 through 2022, for commercial-use vehicles with terms expiring through 2025. Refer to Note 13 for further discussion of finance leases, including the weighted average discount rate applicable to these finance leases. The Company s finance lease and other financing obligations as of December 31, 2021, primarily consisted of million of finance leases related to commercial-use vehicles with the same terms as described above. ABL Facility On March 15, 2019 (the Closing Date ), Topaz, Arrow Bidco, Target, Signor and each of their domestic subsidiaries entered into an ABL credit agreement that provides for a senior secured asset based revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of up to million (the ABL Facility ). The historical debt of Arrow Bidco, Target and their respective subsidiaries under the Algeco ABL Facility was settled on March 15, 2019. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repaid a net amount of million of borrowings under the ABL Facility from excess cash available, which reduced the outstanding balance to as of December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, million was drawn and million was repaid on the ABL Facility resulting in an outstanding balance of as of December 31, 2022. Borrowings under the ABL Facility, at the relevant borrower s (the borrowers under the ABL Facility, the ABL Borrowers option, bear interest at either (1) an adjusted LIBOR or (2) a base rate, in each case plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin is with respect to LIBOR borrowings and with respect to base rate borrowings. Commencing at the completion of the first full fiscal quarter after the Closing Date, the applicable margin for borrowings under the ABL Facility is subject to one step-down of and one step-up of , based on achieving certain excess availability levels with respect to the ABL Facility. The ABL Facility provides borrowing availability of an amount equal to the lesser of (i) (a) million and (b) the Borrowing Base (defined below) (the Line Cap ). The Borrowing Base is, at any time of determination, an amount (net of reserves) equal to the sum of: of the net book value of the Borrowers eligible accounts receivables, plus the lesser of (i) of the net book value of the Borrowers eligible rental equipment and (ii) of the net orderly liquidation value of the Borrowers eligible rental equipment, minus customary reserves 
 The ABL Facility includes borrowing capacity available for standby letters of credit of up to million and for swingline loan borrowings of up to million. Any issuance of letters of credit or making of a swingline loan will reduce the amount available under the ABL Facility. In addition, the ABL Facility will provide the Borrowers with the option to increase commitments under the ABL Facility in an aggregate amount not to exceed million plus any voluntary prepayments that are accompanied by permanent commitment reductions under the ABL Facility. The termination date of the ABL Facility is September 15, 2023. The obligations under the ABL Facility are unconditionally guaranteed by Topaz and each existing and subsequently acquired or organized direct or indirect wholly-owned U.S. organized restricted subsidiary of Arrow Bidco (together with Topaz, the ABL Guarantors ), other than certain excluded subsidiaries. The ABL Facility is secured by (i) a first priority pledge of the equity interests of Topaz, Arrow Bidco, Target, and Signor (the Borrowers) and of each direct, wholly-owned US organized restricted subsidiary of any Borrower or any ABL Guarantor, (ii) a first priority pledge of up to of the voting equity interests in each non-US restricted subsidiary of any Borrower or ABL Guarantor and (iii) a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and the ABL Guarantors (in each case, subject to customary exceptions). 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 :1.00 and (ii) maximum total net leverage ratio of :1.00, at any time when the excess availability under the ABL Facility is less than the greater of (a) million and (b) of the Line Cap. The ABL Facility also contains a number of customary negative covenants. Such covenants, among other things, limit or restrict the ability of each of the Borrowers, their restricted subsidiaries, and where applicable, Topaz, to: incur additional indebtedness, issue disqualified stock and make guarantees; incur liens on assets; engage in mergers or consolidations or fundamental changes; sell assets; pay dividends and distributions or repurchase capital stock; make investments, loans and advances, including acquisitions; amend organizational documents and master lease documents; enter into certain agreements that would restrict the ability to pay dividends; repay certain junior indebtedness; and change the conduct of its business. 
 The aforementioned restrictions are subject to certain exceptions including (i) the ability to incur additional indebtedness, liens, investments, dividends and distributions, and prepayments of junior indebtedness subject, in each case, to compliance with certain financial metrics and certain other conditions and (ii) a number of other traditional exceptions that grant the ABL Borrowers continued flexibility to operate and develop their businesses. The ABL Facility also contains certain customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants and events of default. The carrying value of debt outstanding as of the dates indicated below consist of the following: ABL Facility Senior Secured Notes due 2024, face amount Less: unamortized original issue discount ) ) Less: unamortized term loan deferred financing costs ) ) Total debt, net Less: current maturities ) ) Total long-term debt Interest expense, net The components of interest expense, net (which includes interest expense incurred) recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the periods indicated below consist of the following: Interest expense incurred on ABL Facility and Notes Amortization of deferred financing costs on ABL facilities and Notes Amortization of original issue discount on Notes Interest capitalized ) Interest income ) Interest expense, net 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 Deferred Financing Costs and Original Issue Discount The Company incurred and deferred approximately million of deferred financing costs and approximately million of original issue discount in connection with the issuance of the Notes in 2019, which are included in the carrying value of the Notes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company presents unamortized deferred financing costs and unamortized original issue discount as a direct deduction from the principal amount of the Notes on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Accumulated amortization expense related to the deferred financing costs was approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accumulated amortization of the original issue discount was approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company also incurred deferred financing costs associated with the ABL Facility in the amount of approximately million, which are capitalized and presented on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 within deferred financing costs revolver, net. These costs are amortized over the contractual term of the line-of-credit through the initial maturity date using the straight-line method. The ABL Facility was considered a modification of the Algeco ABL Facility for accounting purposes. Certain of the lenders under the Algeco ABL Facility are also lenders under the ABL Facility. As the borrowing capacity of each of the continuing lenders in the ABL Facility is greater than the borrowing capacity of the Algeco ABL Facility, the unamortized deferred financing costs at the time of the modification of approximately million associated with the continuing lenders of the Algeco ABL Facility was deferred and amortized over the remaining term of the ABL Facility. Accumulated amortization related to revolver deferred financing costs for both the Algeco ABL Facility and ABL Facility was approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Refer to the components of interest expense table in Note 8 for the amounts of the amortization expense related to the deferred financing costs and original issue discount recognized for each of these debt instruments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Future maturities The aggregate annual principal maturities of debt and finance lease obligations for each of the next five years, based on contractual terms are listed in the table below. Refer to Note 13 for additional information on our finance lease obligations, including contractual terms. The schedule of future maturities as of December 31, 2022 consists of the following: 2024 2025 Total Private Warrants at a price of per warrant (for an aggregate purchase price of million) in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the completion of its initial public offering. Each Private Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of common stock at per share. The purchase price of the Private Warrants was added to the proceeds from Platinum Eagle s initial public offering and was held in the Trust Account until the formation of the Company on March 15, 2019. The Private Warrants (including the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Warrants) were not transferable, assignable or salable 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 after the formation of the Company on March 15, 2019, and they may be exercised on a cashless basis and are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers of the Private Warrants or their permitted transferees. The Company evaluated Private Warrants under ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity , and concluded that they do not meet the criteria to be classified in stockholders equity and should be classified as liabilities. Since the Private Warrants meet the definition of a derivative under ASC 815, the Company recorded the Private Warrants as liabilities on the balance sheet at their estimated fair value. Subsequent changes in the estimated fair value of the Private Warrants are reflected in the change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). The change in the estimated fair value of the Private Warrants resulted in a loss (gain) of approximately million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had Private Warrants issued and outstanding. On December 22, 2022, holders exchanged Private Warrants for shares of Common Stock resulting in the estimated fair value of these exchanged Private Warrants being reclassified to additional paid-in-capital within the stockholders equity section in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as more fully discussed in the Warrant Exchange section included in Note 17. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had Private Warrants issued and outstanding. The Company determined the following estimated fair values for the outstanding Private Warrants as of the dates indicated below: Total Deferred ) Foreign Current Deferred Total income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 Income tax results differed from the amount computed by applying the U.S. statutory income tax rate to income (loss) before income taxes for the following reasons for the years ended December 31: ) ) State tax expense ) Effect of tax rates in foreign jurisdictions ) ) Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) Transaction costs ) Valuation allowances ) Compensation Other ) Reported income tax expense (benefit) ) Income tax expense (benefit) was million, million and ) million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , ) and , respectively. The fluctuation in the rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, results primarily from the relationship of year-to-date income (loss) before income tax, the fluctuation in the permanent add-back related to the change in fair value of warrant liabilities on the Company s warrants, the impact of state tax expense based off of gross receipts, and a compensation deduction limitation during each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Deferred Income Taxes Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases, as well as from net operating loss and carryforwards. Significant components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities for the Company are as follows: Deferred revenue Intangible assets Tax loss carryforwards Operating lease obligations Interest carryforwards Other - net Deferred tax assets gross Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred income tax asset Deferred tax liabilities Rental equipment and other plant, property and equipment ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) Software ) ) Deferred tax liability ) ) Net deferred income tax asset (liability) ) Tax loss carryovers for federal and foreign income tax purposes totaled million at December 31, 2022 as shown in the below table. Approximately million of these foreign income tax loss carryovers expire between 2023 and 2043. The remaining million of federal income tax loss carryovers do not expire. The availability of these tax losses to offset future income varies by jurisdiction. Furthermore, the ability to utilize the tax losses may be subject to additional limitations upon the occurrence of certain events, such as changes in ownership of the Company. Realization is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income prior to expiration of the loss carryforwards. Although realization is not assured, the Company believes it is more likely than not that all of the United States related deferred tax assets will be realized. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 Unlimited Canada 2023-2043 Mexico 2024-2033 Total Unrecognized Tax Positions amounts have been accrued for uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. However, management s conclusion regarding uncertain tax positions may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based on ongoing analyses of tax laws, regulations, and interpretations thereof and other factors. The Company does not have any unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. Additionally, interest or penalty related to uncertain taxes has been recognized in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Company is subject to taxation in US, Canada, Mexico and state jurisdictions. The Company s tax returns are subject to examination by the applicable tax authorities prior to the expiration of the statute of limitations for assessing additional taxes, which generally ranges from two to . Therefore, as of December 31, 2022, tax years for 2016 through 2022 generally remain subject to examination by the tax authorities. In addition, in the case of certain tax jurisdictions in which the Company has loss carryforwards, the tax authority in some of these jurisdictions may examine the amount of the tax loss carryforward based on when the loss is utilized rather than when it arises. ) ) ) Recurring fair value measurements Level 3 Disclosures: There were and Private Warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Based on the fair value assessment that was performed, the Company determined a fair value price per Private Warrant of 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The fair value is classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy due to the use of pricing inputs that are less observable in the marketplace combined with management judgment required for the assumptions underlying the calculation of value. The Company determined the estimated fair value of the Private Warrants using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The table below summarizes the inputs used to calculate the fair value of the warrant liabilities at each of the dates indicated below: Stock Price Dividend Yield Expected Term (in Years) Risk-Free Interest Rate Expected Volatility Per Share Value of Warrants Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Balance at December 31, 2021 The following table presents changes in Level 3 liabilities measured at fair value for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Private Placement Warrants Balance at December 31, 2021 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Additional paid-in-capital reclass for warrant exchange (Note 17) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 There were no transfers of financial instruments between the three levels of the fair value hierarchy during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 Current portion of finance lease obligations (2) Long-term finance lease obligations (3) Total lease obligation Weighted average remaining lease term 2.2 Years Weighted average discount rate Operating Leases: Right-of-use assets, net (4) Current portion of operating lease obligations Long-term operating lease obligations Total lease obligations (4) Weighted average remaining lease term 2.8 Years Weighted average discount rate 

 (1) Finance lease right-of-use assets, net are included in other property, plant and equipment, net on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. (2) Current portion of finance lease obligations are included in current portion of finance lease and other financing obligations on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, this financial statement line item is solely comprised of the current portion of finance lease obligations given the current portion of other financing obligations is . (3) Long-term finance lease obligations are included in long-term finance lease and other financing obligations on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, this financial statement line items is solely comprised of the long-term finance lease obligations given the long-term other financing obligations is . (4) The difference between the operating lease right-of-use assets, net and operating lease obligations, current and long-term, as of December 31, 2022 primarily relates to approximately million of unamortized prepaid delivery and installation costs that were paid at or before lease commencement and capitalized to the right-of-use assets in accordance with ASC 842. 
 The components of lease expense were as follows: 

Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use asset Interest on lease obligations Total finance lease cost Operating lease cost Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost (1) 

 (1) Consists primarily of common area maintenance, real estate taxes, utilities, operating expenses and insurance for real estate leases; insurance and personal property expense for equipment leases; and certain vehicle related charges for finance leases. The amount of variable lease costs disclosed above also includes approximately million of lease costs related to base rent associated with long-term immaterial leases with a present value of total minimum lease payments less than and long-term leases that terminated within of the implementation date (January 1, 2022) with an average lease term of approximately years. 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 Operating cash flows from operating leases (1) Financing cash flows from finance leases 

 (1) Includes approximately million of prepaid delivery and installation costs that were paid at or before lease commencement and capitalized to the right-of-use assets in accordance with ASC 842. 
 Future maturities of the Company s finance and operating lease obligations at December 31, 2022 were as follows: 2024 2025 2026 - 2027 - Total lease payments Less: interest (1) ) ) Present value of lease obligations 

 (1) Calculated using the appropriate discount rate for each lease. 
 Rent expense included in services costs in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for cancelable and non-cancelable operating leases was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Rent expense included in the selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for cancelable and non-cancelable operating leases was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Prior to the Company s adoption of the new leases standard, as of December 31, 2021, capital lease assets were included in other property, plant and equipment, net on the Company s consolidated balance sheets as follows: Accumulated Depreciation ) Net capital lease assets Prior to the Company s adoption of the new leases standard, as of December 31, 2021, future minimum undiscounted operating lease payments, along with the aggregate annual principal maturities of capital lease obligations were as follows: 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total operating lease payments 
 97 

Table of Contents 

Capital Leases 2022 2023 2024 Total capital lease payments million, million and million, respectively. Each Lodge is leased exclusively to one customer and is accounted for as an operating lease under the authoritative guidance for leases. Revenue related to these lease arrangements is reflected as specialty rental income in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). Scheduled future minimum lease payments to be received by the Company as of December 31, 2022 for each of the next five years is as follows: 2024 2025 2026 Total The leased assets consists primarily of specialty rental assets with a gross cost of approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with accumulated depreciation of approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The leased assets have a balance net of accumulated depreciation of approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included within specialty rental assets, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Such assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the term of the lease or their estimated useful lives. The corresponding depreciation expense was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020 and is recognized within depreciation of specialty rental assets in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). million, million and million in commissions owed to related parties, included in selling, general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). The underlying commission agreement driving these charges expired in 2021 and was not renewed; therefore, amounts were accrued for these commissions as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Prior to the closing of the formation of the Company, Mr. Diarmuid Cummins (the Advisor provided certain consulting and advisory services (the Services to Target s former parent and certain of its affiliated entities (collectively, Algeco ), including Target. The Advisor was compensated for these Services by Algeco. Following the formation of the Company, the Advisor continued to provide these Services to Algeco and to the Company and is serving as an observer on the board of directors of the Company. The Advisor is currently compensated for these services by Chard Camp Catering Services Ltd. Chard ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In June 2019, Chard and Algeco Global Sarl Algeco Global entered into a reimbursement agreement, as amended in July 2019, (the Agreement ), pursuant to which Algeco Global agreed to reimburse Chard for of the total compensation paid by it to the Advisor, from and after January 1, 2019, with such amounts to be paid monthly. The Company and Algeco Global are each majority owned by TDR Capital. The initial term of the Agreement ran through December 31, 2019 and automatically extended for an additional 12 month term. The reimbursement income generated from this agreement for the year ended December 31, 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 million and is included in the other expense (income), net line within the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss). The agreement terminated on December 31, 2020 and was not renewed; therefore, amounts were reimbursed and no reimbursement income was recognized within the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and amounts are recorded as a related party receivable on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The related party receivable amount of approximately million that was reported on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2020 was paid in full in March of 2021 and is reflected as an operating cash inflow and included as a component of net cash provided by operating activities within the accompanying consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021. No further income or cash flows are expected from this reimbursement arrangement. ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Common Stockholders - diluted ) ) Denominator Weighted average shares outstanding - basic Dilutive effect of outstanding securities: PSUs - - Stock options - - RSUs - - Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted Net income (loss) per share - basic ) ) Net income (loss) per share - diluted ) ) shares of the shares of common stock held by the Founders, were placed into escrow subject to release pursuant to the terms of the earnout agreement entered into in connection with the formation of the Company by and between Harry E. Sloan, Jeff Sagansky, Eli Baker and the Company (the Earnout Agreement ). Upon being placed into escrow, the voting and economic rights of the shares were suspended for the period they were in escrow. Given that the Founders were not entitled to vote or participate in the economic rewards available to the other shareholders with respect to these shares, these shares were not included in the basic and diluted LPS calculations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. In accordance with the Earnout Agreement, as of the expiration date of the earnout period (March 15, 2022), the Founder Shares in escrow had not been released and were cancelled and returned to the Company to be held in treasury. As such, these cancelled shares were reclassed from common stock to common stock in treasury and continued to be excluded from the computations of basic and diluted EPS for the year ended December 31, 2022. When liability-classified warrants are in the money and the impact of their inclusion on diluted EPS is dilutive, diluted EPS also assumes share settlement of such instruments through an adjustment to net income available to common stockholders for the fair value (gain) loss on common stock warrant liabilities and inclusion of the number of dilutive shares in the denominator. The Public and Private Warrants representing shares, shares, shares of the Company s common stock for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted EPS and LPS because they are considered anti-dilutive. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 shares of Common Stock, par value per share issued and outstanding. Each share of Common Stock has one vote, except the voting rights related to the of Founder Shares that were placed in escrow were suspended subject to release pursuant to the terms of the Earnout Agreement. As of the expiration date of the earnout period (March 15, 2022), the Founder Shares in escrow had not been released and were cancelled and returned to the Company to be held in treasury pursuant to the terms of the Earnout Agreement. As such, these cancelled Founder Shares were reclassed from common stock to common stock in treasury during the year ended December 31, 2022 as presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of changes in stockholders equity. Preferred Shares Target Hospitality is authorized to issue preferred shares with par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022, preferred shares were issued or outstanding. Public Warrants On January 17, 2018, PEAC sold units at a price of per unit (the Units in its initial public offering (the Public Offering ), including the issuance of Units as a result of the underwriters partial exercise of their overallotment option. Each Unit consisted of Class A ordinary share of PEAC, par value per share (the Public Shares ), and one-third of warrant to purchase ordinary share (the Public Warrants ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of the Company s Common Stock at a price of per share. fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. If upon exercise of the Public Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company will upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number, the number of shares to be issued to the Public Warrant holder. Each Public Warrant became exercisable days after the formation of the Company. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had Public Warrants issued and outstanding with the same terms as described above. During the year ended December 31, 2022, holders of Public Warrants exercised Public Warrants for shares of Common Stock resulting in the Company receiving cash proceeds of approximately million and issuing shares of Common Stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, holders exchanged Public Warrants for shares of common stock as part of the Warrant Exchange discussed below. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had Public Warrants issued and outstanding. Warrant Exchange On November 18, 2022, the Company commenced an offer to exchange the Public and Private Warrants for shares of its common stock in a cashless transaction (the Warrant Exchange ). In the offer, each warrant holder had the opportunity to receive shares of Common Stock, par value per share, of the Company in exchange for each warrant tendered by the holder and exchanged pursuant to the offer. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 of the outstanding Public and Private Warrants were tendered and accepted for exchange, which consisted of Public Warrants and Private Warrants. Pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Exchange, The Company issued shares of Common Stock on December 22, 2022. In lieu of issuing fractional shares of Common Stock, the Company paid in cash to holders of warrants who would otherwise have been entitled to receive fractional shares, after aggregating all such fractional shares of such holder, in an amount equal to such fractional part of a share multiplied by the last sale price of a share of the Company s Common Stock on December 16, 2022. In connection with the Warrant Exchange, the Company capitalized million of offering expenses within additional paid-in capital in December 2022, which resulted in a reduction to additional paid-in capital. In connection with the Warrant Exchange, the Private Warrants exchanged for Common Stock as discussed above, were marked to their estimated fair value of approximately million through the Warrant Exchange closing date on December 22, 2022 with the change in the estimated fair value during the year ended December 31, 2022 recognized as change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the accompanying consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022. On the closing date of the Warrant Exchange, the estimated fair value of the exchanged Private Warrants of approximately million were reclassified to additional paid-in-capital within the stockholders equity section from warrant liabilities, which resulted in a reduction to warrant liabilities and an increase to additional paid-in-capital in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Common Stock in Treasury On August 15, 2019, the Company s board of directors approved the 2019 Share Repurchase Program 2019 Plan ), authorizing the repurchase of up to million of our Common Stock from August 30, 2019 to August 15, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company repurchased shares of our Common Stock for an aggregated price of approximately million. As of August 15, 2020, the 2019 Plan had a remaining capacity of approximately million. The 2019 Plan terminated on August 15, 2020 and was not renewed. On November 3, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program that authorizes the Company to repurchase up to million of its outstanding shares of common stock. The stock repurchase program does not obligate the Company to purchase any particular number of shares, and the timing and exact amount of any repurchases will depend on various factors, including market pricing and conditions, business, legal, accounting, and other considerations. The Company may repurchase its shares in open market transactions from time to time or through privately negotiated transactions in accordance with federal securities laws, at the Company s discretion. The repurchase program, which has no expiration date, may be increased, suspended, or terminated at any time. The program is expected to be implemented over the course of several years and is conducted subject to the covenants in the agreements governing the Company s indebtedness. No share repurchases were made during the year ended December 31, 2022. of the Company s shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to future grants of share awards. The expiration date of the Plan, on and after which date no awards may be granted, is March 15, 2029. On March 4, 2020, the Compensation Committee adopted a new form of Executive Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (the Stock Option Agreement and a new form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the RSU Agreement and together with the Stock Option Agreement, the Award Agreements with respect to the granting of nonqualified stock options and restricted stock units, respectively, granted under the Plan. The new Award Agreements will be used for all awards to executive officers made on or after March 4, 2020. The Award Agreements have material terms that are substantially similar to those in the forms of award agreements last approved by the Compensation Committee and disclosed by the Company, except for the following: under the new Award Agreements, if the participant s employment or service terminates due to Retirement (as defined in the Plan), and the 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 of the restricted stock units (each an RSU will vest on the second grant date anniversary and of the RSUs will vest on the third grant date anniversary and (y) if the participant s employment or service terminates due to Retirement (as defined in the Plan), and the participant has been continuously employed by the Company for at least following the grant date, then a pro-rata portion of the participant s RSUs scheduled to vest on the next following vesting date shall vest on his or her termination date based on completed calendar months since either (a) the grant date or (b) the initial vesting date, as applicable. The SAR Agreement has material terms that are substantially similar to those in the form Executive Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement last approved by the Compensation Committee and previously disclosed by the Company, except for the following: (x) the change in the equity instrument to a stock appreciation right SAR ), which may be settled in shares or cash, (y) of the SARs will vest on the second grant date anniversary and of the SARs will vest on the third grant date anniversary, and (z) if the participant s employment or service terminates due to Retirement (as defined in the Plan), then (a) if the participant has been continuously employed by the Company for at least following the grant date, then a pro-rata portion of the SARs scheduled to become vested on the next vesting date shall be vested on the participant s termination date based on completed calendar months since either (i) the grant date or (ii) the initial vesting date, as applicable; (b) following the application of clause (a), the unvested portion of the SARs shall expire upon such termination of employment or service and (c) the participant may exercise the vested portion of the SARs, but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) following such termination of employment or service, or (ii) the Expiration Date (as defined in the SAR Agreement). On February 24, 2022, the Compensation Committee adopted a new form Executive Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the RSU Agreement and a new form Executive Performance Stock Unit Agreement (the PSU Agreement and together with the RSU Agreement, the RSU and PSU Agreements with respect to the granting of RSUs and performance restricted stock units PSUs ), respectively, under the Plan. The new RSU and PSU Agreements will be used for all awards to executive officers made on or after February 24, 2022. The RSU Agreement has material terms that are substantially similar to those in the form Executive Restricted Stock Unit Agreement last approved by the Compensation Committee and previously disclosed by the Company, except for the following: (x) the RSUs will vest in equal installments on each of the first anniversaries of the grant date and (y) if approval by the Company s shareholders of the proposed increase in the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan at the 2022 annual meeting of the Company s shareholders was not received, then all payments under the RSU Agreement would have been made in cash. However, such approval to increase the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan was received at the 2022 annual meeting as noted below. Each PSU awarded under the PSU Agreement represents the right to receive share of the Company s Common Stock, or, at the Compensation Committee s sole discretion, cash or part cash and part common stock with the cash amount equal to the fair market value of the common stock as of the date on which the restricted period ends. PSUs vest and become unrestricted on the third anniversary of the grant date. The number of PSUs that vest range from to of the Target Level (as defined in the PSU Agreement) depending upon the achievement of specified cumulative operating cash flow amounts as determined based on the net cash flow from operations disclosed in the Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2024. Vesting of PSUs is contingent upon the 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 shares. As a result of this, the Company reclassified all of the outstanding liability-based RSUs and PSUs from accrued liabilities and other non-current liabilities to additional paid-in capital based on the change in the ability to settle these awards in shares upon vesting as a result of the additional shares added to the Plan. The reclassified amount of these awards at the date of this change was approximately million and is included in the accompanying consolidated statements of changes in stockholders equity for the year ended December 31, 2022. On May 24, 2022 and July 12, 2022, the Compensation Committee adopted another form of PSU Award Agreement with respect to awarding PSUs. The award agreement is substantially similar to the PSU agreement adopted on February 24, 2022 except for the number of PSUs that vest are determined based upon the achievement of specified share prices over the period between the grant date and June 30, 2025. Participants will earn a corresponding number of PSUs upon the achievement of specified share price thresholds, the first of which is per share. If all Performance Goals (as defined in the Agreement) are met during the performance period then the participant will be entitled to receive a maximum number of PSUs awarded. Restricted Stock Units On May 21, 2019, the Compensation Committee granted time-based RSUs to certain of the Company s executive officers, other employees, and directors. Each RSU represents a contingent right to receive, upon vesting, share of the Company s Common Stock or its cash equivalent, as determined by the Company. The number of RSUs granted to certain named executive officers and certain other employees totaled . These RSU awards granted vest in equal installments on each of the first anniversaries of the grant date, on May 21, 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023. On September 3, 2019, our Chief Financial Officer received a grant of RSUs and RSUs, which vested on March 15, 2020 and on each of the first anniversaries of the grant date, respectively. The number of RSUs granted to non-executive directors of the board amounted to and were also granted on May 21, 2019. The RSU awards granted to non-executive directors of the board vest over on the anniversary of the date of grant or the date of the first annual meeting of the stockholders following the grant date, whichever is sooner. Additionally, on May 21, 2019, the Compensation Committee approved the election by Mr. Archer, the CEO, pursuant to his employment agreement dated January 29, 2019, to receive his annual base salary for the period July 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019 in the form of RSUs. These RSUs vested in equal installments on the first of each month, beginning on July 1, 2019 through December 1, 2019. On January 2, 2020, the Compensation Committee approved the election by Mr. Archer, the CEO, pursuant to his employment agreement dated January 29, 2019, to receive his annual base salary for the period January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020 in the form of RSUs. These RSUs vested in equal installments on the first of each month, except for one twelfth vested on January 9, 2020. On August 5, 2020 (the Effective Date ), the Company and Mr. Archer, entered into the Executive Restricted Stock Units Termination Agreement (the Agreement following the Company s Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approval of the election by Mr. Archer, pursuant to his employment agreement, to receive his base salary in cash, rather than in the form of RSUs as previously elected. Pursuant to the Agreement (i) Mr. Archer forfeited a portion of his currently unvested RSUs as of the Effective Date and (ii) the Company recommenced payment of of Mr. Archer s base salary for the period between the Effective Date and December 31, 2020. Further, on March 4, 2020, the Compensation Committee granted time-based RSUs to certain of the Company s executive officers and other employees. Each RSU represents a contingent right to receive, upon vesting, share of the Company s Common Stock or its cash equivalent, as determined by the Company. The number of RSUs granted to certain named executive officers and certain other employees totaled . These RSU awards granted vest in equal installments on each of the first anniversaries of the grant date, on March 4, 2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024. On May 20, 2020, the Company awarded restricted stock units to each of our non-employee directors. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 for the period between April 1, 2020 and December 31, 2020. On April 1, 2020 and as contemplated by the Salary Program, the Company awarded a total of RSUs pursuant to the Plan to participants in the Salary Program. The RSUs ratably vest on the first of every month through December 2020. Shares received upon settlement of RSUs granted under the Salary Program are not subject to any sale restrictions that would otherwise apply under the Company s ownership guidelines; however, the provisions of the Company s Securities Trading Policy continue to apply to such shares. Concurrent with the approval of the Salary Program, the Compensation Committee approved the Director Retainer Reduction Equity Award Program (the Director Retainer Program ), effective April 1, 2020. Pursuant to the Director Retainer Program, the Company reduced the cash retainer paid to non-employee directors by . During the year ended December 31, 2020 and as contemplated by the Director Retainer Program, the Company awarded a total of RSUs pursuant to the Plan to the participants in the Director Retainer Program. The RSUs ratably vest on June 30, September 30 and December 31, 2020. Shares received upon settlement of RSUs granted under the Director Retainer Program are not subject to any sale restrictions that would otherwise apply under the Company s ownership guidelines; however, the provisions of the Company s Securities Trading Policy continue to apply to such shares. On October 1, 2020, both the Salary Program and the Director Retainer Program were terminated. Pursuant to the termination of the Salary Program, the Company recommenced payment of of the base salary of the participating executive officers and other employees, on October 1, 2020, and each participating executive officer and employee agreed to forfeit RSUs awarded to him or her pursuant to the Salary Program scheduled to vest on or after October 1, 2020. Pursuant to the termination of the Director Retainer Program, the Company recommenced payment of of the director fees of each non-employee director, on October 1, 2020, and each non-employee director agreed to forfeit RSUs awarded to him or her pursuant to the Director Retainer Program scheduled to vest on or after October 1, 2020. On February 25, 2021, the Compensation Committee granted time-based RSUs to certain of the Company s executive officers and other employees. Each RSU represents a contingent right to receive, upon vesting, share of the Company s Common Stock or its cash equivalent, as determined by the Company. The number of RSUs granted to certain named executive officers and certain other employees totaled . Also, in August 2021, of additional time-based RSUs were granted to certain of the Company s other employees. Additionally, on May 18, 2021, the Company awarded an aggregate of time-based RSUs to each of the Company s non-employee directors, which vest on the first grant date anniversary or, if earlier, the date of the 2022 Annual Meeting of the Stockholders. Also, on August 4, 2021 and September 20, 2021, the Company awarded and time-based RSUs, respectively, to new non-employee directors, which have the same vesting schedule as those issued on May 18, 2021. Accelerated Vesting of Restricted Stock Unit Grants Due to certain non-employee resignations and as permitted by the Plan, effective December 31, 2021, the Board approved the accelerated vesting of RSUs granted on May 18, 2021. On January 3, 2022, the Compensation Committee awarded time-based RSUs to one of the Company s non-employee directors, which vested in full during the six months ended June 30, 2022. On February 24, 2022, the Compensation Committee awarded an aggregate of time-based RSUs to certain of the Company s executive officers and other employees, which vest ratably over a period. On May 19, 2022, the Compensation Committee awarded an aggregate of time-based RSUs to the Company s non-employee directors, which vest in full on May 19, 2023 or, if earlier, the date of the first Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of the Company following the Grant Date. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 time-based RSUs to an employee of the Company, which vests ratably over a period. For the year ended December 31, 2022, as approved by the Compensation Committee, of the employee related vested RSUs shown in the table below were paid in cash in the amount of million based on the closing price of the Company s Common Stock on the vesting date. For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, and 2022, respectively, certain of the Company s employees surrendered RSUs owned by them to satisfy their statutory minimum federal and state tax obligations associated with the vesting of RSUs issued under the Plan. The table below represents the changes in RSUs for the year ended December 31, 2022: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance at December 31, 2022 The total fair value of RSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair value per RSU of RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and , respectively. RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were ; ; and ; respectively. Stock-based compensation expense for these RSUs recognized in selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately million, with an associated tax benefit of approximately million. Stock-based compensation expense for these RSUs recognized in selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately million, with an associated tax benefit of approximately million. Stock-based compensation expense for these RSUs recognized in selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2020 was approximately million, with an associated tax benefit of approximately million. At December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation expense related to RSUs totaled approximately million and is expected to be recognized over a remaining term of approximately years. Under the authoritative guidance for stock-based compensation, of the RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2021 were considered liability-based awards due to an insufficient number of shares available under the plan to service these awards upon vesting. As such, the Company recognized a liability associated with these RSUs of approximately million as of December 31, 2021, of which approximately million is included in accrued liabilities and approximately million is included in other non-current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. The estimated fair value of these liability-based awards was /RSU as of December 31, 2021. As noted above, all such liability-based RSUs were reclassified to additional paid-in-capital, a component of total stockholders equity, during the year ended December 31, 2022, and are no longer included in liabilities as of December 31, 2022. Performance Stock Units On February 24, 2022, the Company awarded an aggregate of time and performance-based PSUs to certain of the Company s executive officers and management, which vest upon satisfaction of continued service with the Company until the third anniversary of the Grant Date and attainment of Company cash flow performance criteria as previously defined. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 share of the Company s common stock. The PSUs awarded pursuant to the Archer PSU Agreement vest and become unrestricted on June 30, 2025. The number of PSUs that vest are determined based upon the achievement of specified share prices over the period between the grant date and June 30, 2025 (the Performance Period ). Mr. Archer will earn a corresponding number of PSUs upon the achievement of specified share price thresholds, the first of which is per share. If all Performance Goals (as defined in the Archer PSU Agreement) are met during the Performance Period, Mr. Archer will be entitled to receive a maximum of PSUs. Vesting is contingent upon Mr. Archer s continued employment through the vesting date, unless Mr. Archer s employment is terminated by reason of death or Disability, without Cause, for Good Reason, or in the event of a Qualifying Termination in connection with a Change in Control (each term as defined in the Plan, as amended, or Mr. Archer s employment agreement with the Company, as amended). These PSUs were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation with the following assumptions on the grant date: the expected volatility was approximately , the term was years, the dividend rate was and the risk-free interest rate was approximately , which resulted in a calculated fair value of approximately per PSU as of the grant date. On July 12, 2022, the Compensation Committee granted PSUs aimed at retaining, motivating and incentivizing certain of the Company s executive officers, including its named executive officers NEOs ), under and pursuant to the Plan. The form of agreement with respect to the granting of the PSUs has material terms that are substantially similar to those in the Archer PSU Agreement. Such PSUs represent the right to receive one share of the Company s common stock, par value per share. PSUs vest and become unrestricted on June 30, 2025. The number of PSUs that vest is determined based upon the achievement of specified share prices over the Performance Period. The executives will each earn a corresponding number of PSUs upon the achievement of specified share price thresholds, the first of which is per share. If all Performance Goals (as defined in the applicable award agreement) are met during the Performance Period, the executives will be entitled to receive the maximum PSUs granted to them. Vesting is contingent upon the applicable executive s continued employment through the vesting date, unless the applicable executive s employment is terminated by reason of death or Disability, without Cause, for Good Reason, or in the event of a Qualifying Termination in connection with a Change in Control (each term as defined in the Plan, or each executive s employment agreement, as amended, with the Company). These PSUs were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation with the following assumptions on the grant date: the expected volatility was approximately , the term was years, the dividend rate was and the risk-free interest rate was approximately , which resulted in a calculated fair value of approximately per PSU as of the grant date. The table below represents the changes in PSUs for the year ended December 31, 2022: Balance at December 31, 2022 Stock-based compensation expense for these PSUs recognized in selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately million with an associated tax benefit of million. At December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation expense related to PSUs totaled approximately million and is expected to be recognized over a remaining term of approximately years. 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 time-based stock option awards to certain employees. On September 3, 2019 the Compensation Committee made an additional grant of time-based stock options to our newly appointed Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, on March 4, 2020 the Compensation Committee granted time-based stock option awards to certain employees. Each option represents the right upon vesting, to buy share of the Company s common stock, par value per share, for to per share. The stock options vest in equal installments on each of the first anniversaries of the grant date and expire from the grant date. The table below represents the changes in stock options for the year ended December 31, 2022: - Forfeited ) - - Exercised ) - Outstanding Options at December 31, 2022 shares were exercisable at December 31, 2022 with a weighted average exercise price per share of and an intrinsic value of million. The total fair value of stock option awards vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. Stock-based compensation expense for these stock option awards recognized in selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately million with an associated tax benefit of approximately million. Stock-based compensation expense for these stock option awards recognized in selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately million with an associated tax benefit of approximately million. Stock-based compensation expense for these stock option awards recognized in selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2020 was approximately million with an associated tax benefit of approximately million. At December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options totaled million and is expected to be recognized over a remaining term of approximately year. The fair value of each option award at the grant date was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: - Expected dividend yield Expected term (years) Risk-free interest rate (range) - Exercise price (range) - The weighted-average grant date fair value per option of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and , respectively. Options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were ; ; and ; respectively. The volatility assumption used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model is based on peer group volatility as the Company does not have a sufficient trading history as a stand-alone public company to calculate volatility. Additionally, due to an insufficient history with respect to stock option activity and post vesting cancellations, the expected term assumption is 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 (including granted on August 5, 2021). The following table summarizes SARs outstanding at December 31, 2022: Forfeited ) - Outstanding SARs at December 31, 2022 Under the authoritative guidance for stock-based compensation, these SARs are considered liability-based awards. The Company recognized a liability, associated with its SARs of approximately million as of December 31, 2022, of which approximately million is included in accrued liabilities and approximately million is included in other non-current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The liability associated with these SAR awards recognized as of December 31, 2021 was approximately million, all of which was included in other non-current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. These SARs were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions on the grant date: the expected volatility was approximately , the term was years, the dividend rate was and the risk-free interest rate was approximately , which resulted in a calculated fair value of approximately per SAR as of the grant date. The fair value of these liability awards will be remeasured at each reporting period until the date of settlement. At December 31, 2022, these SARs were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions for awards granted on February 25, 2021 and August 5, 2021, respectively: the expected volatility was approximately and , the term was years and years, the dividend rate was and , the risk-free interest rate was approximately and , and the exercise price was and , which resulted in a calculated fair value of approximately and per SAR, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021, these SARs were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions for awards granted on February 25, 2021 and August 5, 2021, respectively: the expected volatility was approximately and , the term was years and years, the dividend rate was and , the risk-free interest rate was approximately and , and the exercise price was and , which resulted in a calculated fair value of approximately and per SAR, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. The estimated weighted-average fair value of each SAR as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. Increases and decreases in stock-based compensation expense are recognized over the vesting period, or immediately for vested awards. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized compensation expense related to these awards of approximately million in selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss). For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized compensation expense related to these awards of approximately million in selling, general and administrative expense in the 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 million and is expected to be recognized over a remaining term of approximately years. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the intrinsic value of the SARs was million and million, respectively. The volatility assumption used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model is based on peer group volatility as the Company does not have a sufficient trading history as a stand-alone public company to calculate volatility. Additionally, due to an insufficient history with respect to stock appreciation right activity and post vesting cancellations, the expected term assumption on the grant date is based on the simplified method permitted under SEC rules, whereby, the simple average of the vesting period for each tranche of award and its contractual term is aggregated to arrive at a weighted average expected term for the award. The risk-free interest rate used in the Black-Scholes model is based on the implied US Treasury bill yield curve at the date of grant with a remaining term equal to the Company s expected term assumption. The Company has never declared or paid a dividend on its shares of common stock. Stock-based payments are subject to service based vesting requirements and expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. to of eligible compensation, inclusive of pretax and/or Roth deferrals (subject to Internal Revenue Service limitations), and we make matching contributions under this plan on the first of the participant s compensation match of the first employee contribution and match on the next contribution). Our matching contributions fully vest upon participation. We recognized expense of million, million and million related to matching contributions under our various defined contribution plans during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. operating segments, none of which qualify for aggregation. of the segments are disclosed as reportable segments, based on the 10 test. The aggregate external revenues of these reportable segments exceeded of the Company s consolidated revenues. The remaining operating segments were combined in the All Other category. As of June 30, 2021, the Company changed the names of select reportable segments to appropriately align with its diversified hospitality and facilities service offerings. The segments formerly known as Permian Basin and Bakken Basin are now referred to as HFS South and HFS Midwest, respectively. All other reportable segment names remain unchanged. The Company is organized primarily on the basis of geographic region and customer industry group and operates in reportable segments. These reportable segments are also operating segments. Resources are allocated, and performance is assessed by our CEO, whom we have determined to be our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM). Our remaining operating segments have been consolidated and included in an All Other category. The following is a brief description of our reportable segments and a description of business activities conducted by All Other. Hospitality Facilities Services South Segment operations consist primarily of specialty rental and vertically integrated hospitality services revenue from customers located primarily in Texas and New Mexico. Hospitality Facilities Services Midwest Segment operations consist primarily of specialty rental and vertically integrated hospitality services revenue from customers located primarily in North Dakota. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 - (a) Adjusted gross profit ) - ) Capital expenditures - Total Assets 

2021 HFS South HFS Midwest Government TCPL Keystone All Other Total Revenue (a) Adjusted gross profit ) ) Capital expenditures - Total Assets 

2020 HFS South HFS Midwest Government TCPL Keystone All Other Total Revenue (a) Adjusted gross profit ) Capital expenditures 

 (a) Revenues from segments below the quantitative thresholds are attributable to operating segments of the Company and are reported in the All Other category previously described. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 Other adjusted gross profit ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Selling, general, and administrative expenses ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Interest expense, net ) ) ) Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) ) Consolidated income (loss) before income taxes ) ) A reconciliation of total segment assets to total consolidated assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is as follows: Other assets Other unallocated amounts Total Assets Other unallocated assets are not included in the measure of segment assets provided to or reviewed by the CODM for assessing performance and allocating resources, and as such, are not allocated. Other unallocated assets consist of the following as reported in the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of the dates indicated below: Other intangible assets, net Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Deferred tax asset Deferred financing costs revolver, net Other non-current assets Total other unallocated amounts of assets For 2022 and 2021, revenues from the Company s Government segment were from customers and represented approximately million and million of the Company s consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Revenues from customer within the Government segment represented approximately and of the Company s consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Revenues from another customer within the Government segment represented approximately and of the Company s consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For 2020, revenues from the Company s Government segment were from customer and represented approximately million or of the Company s consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020. There were no single customers from the HFS South segment for the years ended years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 that represented 10 or more of the Company s consolidated revenues. Revenues from customer in the TCPL Keystone segment represented approximately million of the Company s consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020. There were no revenues generated from transactions between reportable operating segments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 million, which was funded by cash on hand. These assets will be utilized for growth in the Company s HFS South segment. On February 1, 2023, the ABL Facility agreement discussed in Note 8 was amended to, among other things, (i) extend the maturity date until February 1, 2028; (ii) convert the reference interest rate for Existing Revolver Loans (as defined in the amendment) from a LIBOR-based rate to a Term SOFR-based rate; and (iii) update certain other provisions regarding successor interest rates to LIBOR. 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure There were no changes in or disagreements on any matters of accounting principles or financial statement disclosure between us and our independent auditors during our two most recent fiscal years or any subsequent interim period. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, the Company s management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2021. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Based upon this evaluation, the Company s management and our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a- 15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective as of December 31, 2022. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During the three months ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our directors, and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on this assessment the Company s management and our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal controls over financial reporting were effective. Item 9B. Other Information Not applicable. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. Defaults upon Senior Securities None. 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executives, Officers and Corporate Governance The information required by Item 10 hereby is incorporated by reference to such information as set forth in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has documented its governance practices by adopting several corporate governance policies. These governance policies, including the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, Corporate Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Financial Code of Ethics for Senior Officers, as well as the charters for the committees of the Board (Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee) may also be viewed at the Company s website. The Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and certain other senior officers. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers from our Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers by posting such information on our website at www.targethospitality.com , within four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver. Copies of such documents will be sent to shareholders free of charge upon written request to the corporate secretary at the address shown on the cover page of this repor t. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required by Item 11 hereby is incorporated by reference to such information as set forth in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings Executive Compensation, Director Compensation, and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation to be filed with the SEC. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Related Shareholder Matters The information required by Item 12 hereby is incorporated by reference to such information as set forth in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management to be filed with the SEC. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required by Item 13 hereby is incorporated by reference to such information as set forth in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence to be filed with the SEC. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information required by Item 14 hereby is incorporated by reference to such information as set forth in the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders under the heading Audit Fee Disclosure to be filed with the SEC. 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits 

Exhibit No. Exhibit Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, among Platinum Eagle Acquisition Corp., Topaz Holdings Corp., Arrow Bidco, LLC and Algeco Investments B.V., dated as of November 13, 2018 (incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to Platinum Eagle s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-228363), filed with the SEC on November 13, 2018). 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, among Platinum Eagle Acquisition Corp., Topaz Holdings Corp., Signor Merger Sub Inc. and Arrow Holdings S.a.r.l., dated as of November 13, 2018 (incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to Platinum Eagle s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-228363), filed with the SEC on November 13, 2018). 2.3 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, among Platinum Eagle Acquisition Corp., Topaz Holdings LLC, Arrow Bidco, LLC, Algeco Investments B.V. and Algeco US Holdings LLC, dated as of January 4, 2019 (incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to Platinum Eagle s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-228363), filed with the SEC on January 4, 2019). 2.4 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, among Platinum Eagle Acquisition Corp., Topaz Holdings LLC, Signor Merger Sub LLC, Arrow Parent Corp. and Arrow Holdings S.a.r.l., dated as of January 4, 2019 (incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to Platinum Eagle s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-228363), filed with the SEC on January 4, 2019). 2.5 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 19, 2019, by and among Superior Lodging, LLC, Superior Lodging Orla South, LLC, Superior Lodging Kermit, LLC, WinCo Disposal, LLC, the Members of WinCo Disposal, LLC, Superior Lodging, LLC, as the representative of the Sellers and Target Logistics Management, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 21, 2019). 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Target Hospitality Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2019). 3.2 Certificate of Validation of Platinum Eagle Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 10, 2020). 3.3 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Target Hospitality Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 23, 2022). 3.4 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Target Hospitality Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022). 4.1 Form of Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Target Hospitality Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2019). 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 4.2 Form of Warrant Certificate of Target Hospitality Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2019). 4.3 Warrant Agreement between Platinum Eagle Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, dated as of January 11, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Platinum Eagle s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 18, 2018). 4.4 Indenture dated March 15, 2019, by and among Arrow Bidco, the guarantors party thereto and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2019). 4.5 Description of the Company s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2022) . 10.1 ABL Credit Agreement dated March 15, 2019, by and among Arrow Bidco, LLC, Topaz Holdings LLC, Target Logistics Management, LLC, RL Signor Holdings, LLC and each of their domestic subsidiaries, and the lenders named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2019). 10.2 Earnout Agreement dated March 15, 2019 by and among the Company and the Founder Group (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2019). 10.3 Escrow Agreement dated March 15, 2019 by and among the Company, the Founder Group and the escrow agent named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2019). 10.4 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated March 15, 2019 by and among the Company, Arrow Seller, the Algeco Seller and the other parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2019). 10.5 Amended and Restated Private Placement Warrant Purchase Agreement among Platinum Eagle Acquisition Corp., Platinum Eagle Acquisition LLC, Harry E. Sloan and the other parties thereto, dated as of January 16, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Platinum Eagle s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 18, 2018). 10.6+ Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2019). 10.7+ Target Hospitality 2019 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2019). 10.8+ Employment Agreement with James B. Archer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2019). 10.9+ Amendment to Employment Agreement with James B. Archer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 10, 2021). 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 10.10+ Employment Agreement with Heidi D. Lewis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2019). 10.11+ Amendment to Employment Agreement with Heidi D. Lewis.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on March 13, 2020). 10.12+ Second Amendment to Employment Agreement with Heidi D. Lewis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2022). 10.13+ Employment Agreement with Troy Schrenk (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2019). 10.14+ Amendment to Employment Agreement with Troy Schrenk (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021). 10.15+ Second Amendment to Employment Agreement with Troy Schrenk (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 10, 2021). 10.16+ Form of Executive Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (2019 Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 24, 2019). 10.17+ Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2019 Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 24, 2019). 10.18+ Employment Agreement with Eric Kalamaras (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 15, 2019). 10.19+ Amendment to Employment Agreement with Eric Kalamaras (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 10, 2021). 10.20+ Employment Agreement with Jason Vlacich (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A, filed with the SEC on August 15, 2019). 10.21+ Amendment to Employment Agreement with Jason Vlacich (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2022). 10.22+ Employment Agreement with J. Travis Kelley (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2021). 10.23+ Amendment to Employment Agreement with J. Travis Kelley (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 11, 2022). 10.24+ Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2020 Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 6, 2020). 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 10.25+ Form of Executive Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement (2020 Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 6, 2020). 10.26+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Non-Employee Directors 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 21, 2020). 10.27+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Executives 2020 Salary Reduction) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 2, 2020). 10.28+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Non-Employee Directors 2020 Retainer Reduction) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 2, 2020). 10.29+ Form of Salary Program Termination Agreement (Executives with Employment Agreements) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 2, 2020). 10.30+ Form of Director Retainer Program Termination Agreement (Non-Employee Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 2, 2020). 10.31+ Executive Restricted Stock Units Termination Agreement, dated August 5, 2020, by and between the Company and James B. Archer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 7, 2020). 10.32+ Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2021 Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021. 10.33+ Form of Executive Stock Appreciation Rights Award Agreement (2021 Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2021). 10.34+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Non-Employee Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 19, 2021). 10.35+ Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2022 Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022). 10.36+ Form of Executive Performance Unit Agreement (2022 Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022). 10.37+ Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Non-Employee Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 23, 2022). 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 10.38+ Executive Performance Stock Unit Agreement, by and between the Target Hospitality Corp. and James B. Archer, dated May 24, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2022). 10.39+ Form of Executive Performance Stock Unit Agreement (Executives) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 12, 2022). 10.40+ Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2023 Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 6, 2023). 10.41+ Form of Executive Performance Unit Agreement (2023 Awards) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 6, 2023). 14.1 Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers, effective March 15, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2019). 21.1 Subsidiaries of the registrant 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 USC. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 USC. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 ----------------- Filed herewith The certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Target Hospitality Corp. Dated: March 10, 2023 By: /s/ James B. Archer Name: James B. Archer Title: President Chief Executive Officer 

Signature Title: Date: /s/ James B. Archer Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) March 10, 2023 James B. Archer /s/ Eric T. Kalamaras Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 10, 2023 Eric T. Kalamaras /s/ Jason P. Vlacich Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) March 10, 2023 Jason P. Vlacich /s/ Stephen Robertson Chairman of the Board March 10, 2023 Stephen Robertson /s/ Barbara J. Faulkenberry Director March 10, 2023 Barbara J. Faulkenberry /s/ Pamela H. Patenaude Director March 10, 2023 Pamela H. Patenaude /s/ Jeff Sagansky Director March 10, 2023 Jeff Sagansky /s/ Linda Medler Director March 10, 2023 Linda Medler /s/ Martin Jimmerson Director March 10, 2023 Martin L. Jimmerson /s/ Joy Berry Director March 10, 2023 Joy Berry 
 122 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 th-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 List of Subsidiaries Name Jurisdiction Topaz Holdings LLC Delaware Arrow Bidco, LLC Delaware RL Signor Holdings LLC Delaware Target Logistics Management LLC Massachusetts TLM Equipment, LLC Delaware US Iron Bidco, LLC Delaware Chard Camp Catering Services Ltd. Canada (Alberta) Target Management Canada, Ltd. Canada (British Columbia) TL Proveeduria Y Servicios de rl de cv Mexico (The Federal District) Algeco Canada Inc. Canada (Ontario) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 th-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-230747) of Target Hospitality Corp., (2) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-230795) of Target Hospitality Corp., and (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-265195) pertaining to the 2019 Incentive Award Plan of Target Hospitality Corp.; of our report dated March 10, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Target Hospitality Corp. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Ernst Young LLP Houston, Texas March 10, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 th-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Target Hospitality Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 I, James B. Archer, certify that: 2 

Date: March 10, 2023 By: /s/ JAMES B. ARCHER James B. Archer President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 th-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Target Hospitality Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this annual report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 I, Eric T. Kalamaras, certify that: 

Date: March 10, 2023 By: /s/ Eric T. Kalamaras Eric T. Kalamaras Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 th-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 (ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) In connection with the periodic report of Target Hospitality Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James B. Archer, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for the purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: March 10, 2023 By: /s/ JAMES B. ARCHER James B. Archer President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 th-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 (ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) In connection with the periodic report of Target Hospitality Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eric T. Kalamaras, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for the purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: March 10, 2023 By: /s/ Eric T. Kalamaras Eric T. Kalamaras Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 th-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 th-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 th-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 th-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

