<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1709542_0001214659-23-004363.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2953618</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>155166</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>598033</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>770450</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>653173</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>703276</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001214659-23-004363.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329124317
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-23-004363
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Electronic Servitor Publication Network Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001709542
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		IRS NUMBER:				821873116
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55809
		FILM NUMBER:		23773782

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 1ST AVE N.,
		STREET 2:		STE. 100
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		612-688-1407

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 1ST AVE N.,
		STREET 2:		STE. 100
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CannAssist International Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180523

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Iris Grove Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170616

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001214659-23-004363.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 r32823410k.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C.
20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 2022 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________ to ___________________ 

Commission File No. 

(FORMERLY CANNASSIST INTERNATIONAL CORP.) 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

Issuer s telephone number: 

Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:
 Common Stock, .0001 par value per share 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. x No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 x No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 o 
 Accelerated filer 
 o 

x 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. o 

 If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that require a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10(D)-1(b). o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o x 

The aggregate market value of the voting stock
held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of March 24, 2023 was approximately .05 based upon the closing price of the registrant s
Common Stock on the OTCQB Venture Market on that date. 

At March 24, 2023, there were shares
of the registrant s common stock issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 3 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 9 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 9 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 9 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 10 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 10 
 
 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED 
 STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY 
SECURITIES 
 10 
 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 12 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL 
 CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 13 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT 
 MARKET RISK 
 17 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 17 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON 
 ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 17 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 17 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 18 
 
 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE 
 GOVERNANCE 
 19 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 23 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS 
 AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 26 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND 
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 28 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 31 
 
 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 32 

Throughout this report, unless otherwise designated,
the terms we, us, our, the Company, our company and XESP 
refer to Electronic Servitor Publication Network Inc. All amounts in this report are in U.S. Dollars, unless otherwise indicated. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements. The use of words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, intends, 
 plans and believes, among others, generally identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements
are based on our management s expectations and assumptions about future events as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
which are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Forward-looking statements
include statements about our expectations, beliefs or intentions regarding our product offerings, business, financial condition, results
of operations, strategies or prospects. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that these statements do not relate strictly
to historical or current matters. Rather, forward-looking statements relate to anticipated or expected events, activities, trends or results
as of the date they are made. Because forward-looking statements relate to matters that have not yet occurred, these statements are inherently
subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied
by the forward-looking statements. Many factors could cause our actual activities or results to differ materially from the activities
and results anticipated in forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and reflect our views as
of the date they are made with respect to future events and financial performance. We undertake no obligation to update, and we do not
have a policy of updating or revising, these forward-looking statements. 

2 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

THE BUSINESS 

Corporate History and General Information 

Electronic Servitor Publication
Network Inc. (formerly CannAssist International Corp.) was incorporated on May 17, 2017, under the laws of the State of Delaware to engage
in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions. 

The Company's corporate offices
are located at 400 1ST Ave N., Ste. 100, Minneapolis, MN 55401. The Company's email website is www.xespn.com. The Company s telephone
number is (833) 991-0800. 

The Company s common
stock trades on the OTCQB Venture Market under the stock ticker symbol XESP. 

Background 

Although the Company is no
longer classified as a development-stage company, it has limited operating history and is expected to experience losses in the near term.
The Company s independent auditors have issued a report raising substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. 

Technology License Agreement with Phitech Management,
LLC 

As initially reported on the
Company s Current Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Technology License Agreement dated July 23, 2021 (the
 License Agreement with Phitech Management, LLC, an affiliate of the Company Licensor ), whereby the Licensor
granted to the Company an exclusive worldwide license (the License to use, market, promote and distribute certain technology
related to Electronic Sports Gaming, related patent applications, related trade-secrets and associated knowhow, including methods, techniques,
specifications, procedures, information, systems, knowledge and business processes required to practice and carry on business in the field
of data collection, security and management (the Technology at Closing (as defined in the License Agreement, which is incorporated
herein by reference). The initial term of the License is 10-years (the Initial Term and shall automatically be renewed
for successive 1-year terms (each, a Renewal Term unless the Company elects to terminate the License by giving 30 days 
written notice prior to commencement of a Renewal Term. In exchange for the License of the Technology, the Company shall issue to the
Licensor 10,000,000 restricted shares of its common stock (which is an amount equal to 2,500,000 divided by 0.25, which was the closing
market price of the Company s common stock on the trading day prior to the effective date of the License Agreement). 

On October 9, 2021, the Closing
of the Technology License Agreement (as amended by that certain Bill of Sale and Acknowledgement of Closing of the Technology License
Agreement attached as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2022 and incorporated herein by
reference) occurred whereby the Licensor was authorized to be issued 10,000,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock,
at a cost basis of 0.25 per share, and, in exchange, the Company received the License to the Technology. 

Spin-Off Agreement 

As initially reported on the
Company s Current Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2021, the Company and Mark Palumbo entered into a Spin-Off Agreement dated July 23,
2021 (the Spin-Off Agreement whereby, at the Closing (as defined in the Spin-Off Agreement, which is incorporated by reference),
the Company shall transfer 100 of the issued and outstanding membership units of Xceptor LLC, an entity that was a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company, to Mark Palumbo for nominal consideration as a condition of the Change-in-Control of the Company (the Spin-Off ).
Furthermore, at the Closing, that certain Technology License Agreement entered into by and between the Company and Mark Palumbo dated
April 29, 2019 (the Palumbo License Agreement shall be terminated and the Company shall assign all rights to the underlying
Intellectual Property (as defined in the Palumbo License Agreement) to Mark Palumbo. 

3 

On October 9, 2021, the Closing
of the Spin-Off Agreement (as amended by that certain Bill of Sale and Acknowledgement of Closing of the Spin-Off Agreement attached as
an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) occurred
whereby 100 of the issued and outstanding membership units of Xceptor LLC was transferred to Mark Palumbo along with the assets and liabilities
associated with the prior business. 

Changes to the Business in 2022 

Electronic
Servitor Publication Network Inc. is a managed services company providing digital activation and
engagement solutions to established and developing companies that seek to optimize their digital customer engagement strategies. The Company's
managed services are powered by a proven, proprietary tech stack - the Digital Engagement Engine (or DE ). This technology provides
intelligent interaction management, dynamic content provisioning, and a logic-driven workflow which creates digital experiences that accelerate
an audience from awareness to action, no matter what programs and processes that the client already has in place. 

Suppliers, Distributors and Other Strategic
Partners 

We currently license our technology
from PhiTech Management LLC, an entity which is an affiliate of the Company. 

Employees 

The Company currently has
three employees. 

Property 

The Company s corporate
offices are located at 400 1st Ave N., Ste. 100, Minneapolis MN 55401. 

Intellectual Property 

As initially reported on the
Company s Current Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Technology License Agreement dated July 23, 2021 (the
 License Agreement with Phitech Management, LLC, an affiliate of the Company Licensor ), whereby the Licensor
granted to the Company an exclusive worldwide license (the License to use, market, promote and distribute certain technology
related to Electronic Sports Gaming and other markets, related patent applications, related trade-secrets and associated knowhow, including
methods, techniques, specifications, procedures, information, systems, knowledge and business processes required to practice and carry
on business in the field of data collection, security and management (the Technology at Closing (as defined in the License
Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference). The initial term of the License is 10-years (the Initial Term and
shall automatically be renewed for successive 1-year terms (each, a Renewal Term unless the Company elects to terminate
the License by giving 30 days written notice prior to commencement of a Renewal Term. In exchange for the License of the Technology,
the Company shall issue to the Licensor 10,000,000 restricted shares of its common stock (which is an amount equal to 2,500,000 divided
by 0.25, which was the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the trading day prior to the effective date of the
License Agreement). 

In addition to the License
described above, the Company will use, or intends to employ in the performance of its material contracts, intellectual property rights
in relation to the design and development of its digital activation and engagement technology. The Company s intellectual property
rights can be categorized broadly as proprietary know-how, technical databases and trade secrets, comprising concept designs, and economic
models. 

The Company may apply for
patents for components of its intellectual property for its platform and other technologies. The Company cannot assure that any patents
we seek will be granted. 

The Company s intellectual
property has been developed by its employees and is protected under employee agreements confirming that the rights in the inventions and
developments made by the employees are its property. Confidential information is protected by nondisclosure agreements that the Company
entered into with our prospective partners or other third parties with which we do business. 

The Company has not received
any notification from third parties that its processes or designs infringe any third-party rights, and it is not aware of any valid and
enforceable third-party intellectual property rights that infringe its intellectual property rights. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company does not currently hold any other intellectual property or trade secret protection on any other aspects of its business. The
Company currently plans on attempting to obtain patents, copyright, trademarks and/or service marks on its products; provided, there can
be no assurance that the Company can obtain effective protection against unauthorized duplication or the introduction of substantially
similar products. 

4 

Legal Matters 

On November 4, 2021, a lawsuit
captioned CAMRON ELIZABETH v. MARK PALUMBO et al., Case No. CVPS2106116 was filed in the Superior Court of California, County of Riverside
against the Company and certain of the former company s (CannAssist International Corp.) executive officers (collectively, the Defendants ).
The Plaintiff and the former company (CannAssist International Corp.) entered into a Consulting Agreement dated November 20, 2020 (the
 Consulting Agreement ), pursuant to which Plaintiff was engaged to provide certain sales and marketing services to that Company.
As a condition of this Consulting Agreement, Plaintiff was paid a monthly fee and was granted restricted shares of the common stock of
the former company that were subject to certain vesting conditions tied to Plaintiff s service under the Consulting Agreement. The
Consulting Agreement also contained provisions that enabled the former company to terminate the Consulting Agreement without cause after
10 days written notice. In September 2021, the former company exercised its right to terminate the Consulting Agreement because
management of the former company at the time of termination was dissatisfied with the quality of Plaintiff s services under the
Consulting Agreement. Specifically, management of the former company at the time of termination received complaints from third parties
that Plaintiff behaved inappropriately in meetings where Plaintiff made presentations to potential clients and vendors on behalf of the
former company. In contrast, Plaintiff alleges, among other things, that the Defendants improperly misclassified Plaintiff as an independent
contractor, that certain of the former company s executive officers committed sexual harassment and defamation and that Defendants
unlawfully terminated Plaintiff. A jury trial has been set for May 26, 2023. The Company believes it should not be a party to the lawsuit
since the former company, including its operations, officers, employees, contractors, assets, and liabilities were all spun out as part
of or as a result of the Spin Out Agreement dated July 23, 2021, and the Plaintiff never contracted with or was employed by the current
Company. The Company believes that the lawsuit is without merit and intends to defend the lawsuit vigorously; however, there can be no
assurance regarding the ultimate outcome of this lawsuit. 

Other than as described above,
we know of no other material, existing or pending legal proceedings against the Company, nor is it involved as a plaintiff in any material
proceeding or pending litigation. Other than as described above, we know of no other proceedings in which our directors, officers or any
affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. 

THE COMPANY 

Corporate History and General Information 

Electronic Servitor Publication
Network Inc. (formerly CannAssist International Corp.) was incorporated on May 17, 2017, under the laws of the State of Delaware. The
Company's corporate offices are located at 400 1ST Ave N., Ste. 100, Minneapolis, MN 55401. The Company's email website is www.xespn.com.
The Company s telephone number is (833) 991-0800 The Company s common stock trades on the OTCQB Venture Market under the stock
ticker symbol XESP. 

Neither the Company nor its
predecessors have filed for bankruptcy, receivership or any similar proceedings nor are in the process of filing for bankruptcy, receivership
or any similar proceedings. 

5 

Technology License Agreement with Phitech Management,
LLC 

As initially reported on the
Company s Current Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Technology License Agreement dated July 23, 2021 (the
 License Agreement with Phitech Management, LLC, an affiliate of the Company Licensor ), whereby the Licensor
granted to the Company an exclusive worldwide license (the License to use, market, promote and distribute certain technology
related to Electronic Sports Gaming, related patent applications, related trade-secrets and associated knowhow, including methods, techniques,
specifications, procedures, information, systems, knowledge and business processes required to practice and carry on business in the field
of data collection, security and management (the Technology at Closing (as defined in the License Agreement, which is incorporated
herein by reference). The initial term of the License is 10-years (the Initial Term and shall automatically be renewed
for successive 1-year terms (each, a Renewal Term unless the Company elects to terminate the License by giving 30 days 
written notice prior to commencement of a Renewal Term. In exchange for the License of the Technology, the Company shall issue to the
Licensor 10,000,000 restricted shares of its common stock (which is an amount equal to 2,500,000 divided by 0.25, which was the closing
market price of the Company s common stock on the trading day prior to the effective date of the License Agreement). 

On October 9, 2021, the Closing
of the Technology License Agreement (as amended by that certain Bill of Sale and Acknowledgement of Closing of the Technology License
Agreement attached as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2022 and incorporated herein by
reference) occurred whereby the Licensor was authorized to be issued 10,000,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock,
at a cost basis of 0.25 per share, and, in exchange, the Company received the License to the Technology. 

Spin-Off Agreement 

As initially reported on the
Company s Current Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2021, the Company and Mark Palumbo entered into a Spin-Off Agreement dated July 23,
2021 (the Spin-Off Agreement whereby, at the Closing (as defined in the Spin-Off Agreement, which is incorporated by reference),
the Company shall transfer 100 of the issued and outstanding membership units of Xceptor LLC, an entity that was a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company, to Mark Palumbo for nominal consideration as a condition of the Change-in-Control of the Company (the Spin-Off ).
Furthermore, at the Closing, that certain Technology License Agreement entered into by and between the Company and Mark Palumbo dated
April 29, 2019 (the Palumbo License Agreement shall be terminated and the Company shall assign all rights to the underlying
Intellectual Property (as defined in the Palumbo License Agreement) to Mark Palumbo. 

On October 9, 2021, the Closing
of the Spin-Off Agreement (as amended by that certain Bill of Sale and Acknowledgement of Closing of the Spin-Off Agreement attached as
an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) occurred
whereby 100 of the issued and outstanding membership units of Xceptor LLC was transferred to Mark Palumbo along with the assets and liabilities
associated with the prior business. 

Property 

All operations occur at Company s corporate
facilities in Minneapolis, MN, located at: 

400 1ST Ave N., Ste. 100 

 Minneapolis, MN 55401 

or in remote offices of the employees. 

At this time management permits the Company to
use these premises free of charge. 

Intellectual Property 

As initially reported on the
Company s Current Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2021, the Company entered into a Technology License Agreement dated July 23, 2021 (the
 License Agreement with Phitech Management, LLC, an affiliate of the Company Licensor ), whereby the Licensor
granted to the Company an exclusive worldwide license (the License to use, market, promote and distribute certain technology
related patent applications, related trade-secrets and associated knowhow, including methods, techniques, specifications, procedures,
information, systems, knowledge and business processes required to practice and carry on business in the field of data collection, security
and management (the Technology at Closing (as defined in the License Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference).
The licensed territory includes the E-Gaming and E-Sports industry served by the Company or its parent and affiliates, in all geographic
or geopolitical areas (worldwide) unless expressly prohibited by law. The initial term of the License is 10-years (the Initial
Term and shall automatically be renewed for successive 1-year terms (each, a Renewal Term unless the Company elects
to terminate the License by giving 30 days written notice prior to commencement of a Renewal Term. In exchange for the License
of the Technology, the Company shall issue to the Licensor 10,000,000 restricted shares of its common stock (which is an amount equal
to 2,500,000 divided by 0.25, which was the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the trading day prior to the
effective date of the License Agreement). 

6 

On October 9, 2021, the Closing
of the Technology License Agreement (as amended by that certain Bill of Sale and Acknowledgement of Closing of the Technology License
Agreement attached as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2022 and incorporated herein by
reference) occurred whereby the Licensor was authorized to be issued 10,000,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock,
at a cost basis of 0.25 per share, and, in exchange, the Company received the License to the Technology. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company does not currently hold any other intellectual property or trade secret protection on any other aspects of its business. The
Company currently plans on attempting to obtain patents, copyright, trademarks and/or service marks on its products; provided, there can
be no assurance that the Company can obtain effective protection against unauthorized duplication or the introduction of substantially
similar products. 

Employees 

Currently, the Company has
three employees. 

Subsidiaries 

The Company currently does
not have any subsidiaries. 

Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act 

In April, 2012, the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act JOBS Act was enacted into law. The JOBS Act provides, among other things: 

Exemptions for emerging growth
companies from certain financial disclosure and governance requirements for up to five years and provides a new form of financing to small
companies; 

Amendments to certain provisions
of the federal securities laws to simplify the sale of securities and increase the threshold number of record holders required to trigger
the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; 

Relaxation of the general
solicitation and general advertising prohibition for Rule 506 offerings; 

Adoption of a new exemption
for public offerings of securities in amounts not exceeding 50 million; and 

Exemption from registration
by a non-reporting company of offers and sales of securities of up to 1,000,000 that comply with rules to be adopted by the SEC pursuant
to Section 4(6) of the Securities Act and exemption of such sales from state law registration, documentation or offering requirements. 

7 

In general, under the JOBS
Act a company is an emerging growth company if its initial public offering IPO of common equity securities was effected
after December 8, 2011 and the company had less than 1 billion of total annual gross revenues during its last completed fiscal year.
A company will no longer qualify as an emerging growth company after the earliest of 

(i) the completion of the
fiscal year in which the company has total annual gross revenues of 1 billion or more, 

(ii) the completion of the
fiscal year of the fifth anniversary of the company s IPO; 

(iii) the company s
issuance of more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt in the prior three-year period, or 

(iv) the company becoming
a larger accelerated filer as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

The JOBS Act provides additional
new guidelines and exemptions for non-reporting companies and for non-public offerings. Those exemptions that impact the Company are discussed
below. 

Financial Disclosure. The
financial disclosure in a registration statement filed by an emerging growth company pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 will differ
from registration statements filed by other companies as follows: 

(i) audited financial statements
required for only two fiscal years; 

(ii) selected financial data
required for only the fiscal years that were audited; 

(iii) executive compensation
only needs to be presented in the limited format now required for smaller reporting companies. 

(A smaller reporting company
is one with a public float of less than 75 million as of the last day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter) 

However, the requirements
for financial disclosure provided by Regulation S-K promulgated by the Rules and Regulations of the SEC already provide certain of these
exemptions for smaller reporting companies. The Company is a smaller reporting company. Currently a smaller reporting company is not required
to file as part of its registration statement selected financial data and only needs audited financial statements for its two most current
fiscal years and no tabular disclosure of contractual obligations. 

The JOBS Act also exempts
the Company s independent registered public accounting firm from complying with any rules adopted by the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board PCAOB after the date of the JOBS Act s enactment, except as otherwise required by SEC rule. 

The JOBS Act also exempts
an emerging growth company from any requirement adopted by the PCAOB for mandatory rotation of the Company s accounting firm or
for a supplemental auditor report about the audit. 

Internal Control Attestation.
 The JOBS Act also provides an exemption from the requirement of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm
to file a report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting, although management of the Company is still required
to file its report on the adequacy of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Section 102(a) of the JOBS
Act exempts emerging growth companies from the requirements in 14A(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for companies with
a class of securities registered under the 1934 Act to hold shareholder votes for executive compensation and golden parachutes. 

Other Items of the JOBS
Act. The JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can communicate with potential investors that are qualified institutional
buyers or institutions that are accredited to determine interest in a contemplated offering either prior to or after the date of filing
the respective registration statement. The Act also permits research reports by a broker or dealer about an emerging growth company regardless
if such report provides sufficient information for an investment decision. In addition, the JOBS Act precludes the SEC and FINRA from
adopting certain restrictive rules or regulations regarding brokers, dealers and potential investors, communications with management and
distribution of a research reports on the emerging growth company IPO. 

8 

Section 106 of the JOBS Act
permits emerging growth companies to submit 1933 Act registration statements on a confidential basis provided that the registration statement
and all amendments are publicly filed at least 21 days before the issuer conducts any road show. This is intended to allow the emerging
growth company to explore the IPO option without disclosing to the market the fact that it is seeking to go public or disclosing the information
contained in its registration statement until the company is ready to conduct a roadshow. 

Election to Opt Out of
Transition Period. Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised
financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a 1933 Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the 1934 Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standard. 

The JOBS Act provides a company
can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but
any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of the transition period. 

Reports to Security Holders 

In July 2017, the Company
(as Iris Grove Acquisition Corporation) filed a Form 10-12G general registration of securities pursuant to the Exchange Act and is a reporting
company pursuant such Act and files with the SEC quarterly and annual reports and management shareholding information. The Company will
voluntarily send a copy of the annual report, including audited financial statements, to any registered shareholder who requests the same. 

The Company s documents
filed with the SEC may be inspected at the Commission s principal office in Washington, D.C. Copies of all or any part of the registration
statement may be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Call the Commission
at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference rooms. The SEC also maintains a web site at http://www.sec.gov
that contains reports, proxy statements and information regarding registrants that file electronically with the Commission. All of the
Company s filings may be located under the CIK number 0001709542. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

As a smaller
reporting company, we have elected not to provide the disclosure required by this item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

All operations will occur
at Company s corporate facilities in Minneapolis, MN, located at: 

400 1st Ave N., Ste. 100 

 Minneapolis, MN 55401 

or in remote offices of the
employees. 

Management permits the Company
to use these premises at no cost to the Company. Currently, this space is sufficient to meet our needs, however, once we expand our business
to a significant degree, we will have to find a larger space. We do not foresee any significant difficulties in obtaining any required
additional space. We do not currently own any real property. 

9 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

On November 4, 2021, a lawsuit
captioned CAMRON ELIZABETH v. MARK PALUMBO et al., Case No. CVPS2106116 was filed in the Superior Court of California, County of Riverside
against the Company and certain of the former company s (CannAssist International Corp.) executive officers (collectively, the Defendants ).
The Plaintiff and the former company (CannAssist International Corp.) entered into a Consulting Agreement dated November 20, 2020 (the
 Consulting Agreement ), pursuant to which Plaintiff was engaged to provide certain sales and marketing services to that Company.
As a condition of this Consulting Agreement, Plaintiff was paid a monthly fee and was granted restricted shares of the common stock of
the former company that were subject to certain vesting conditions tied to Plaintiff s service under the Consulting Agreement. The
Consulting Agreement also contained provisions that enabled the former company to terminate the Consulting Agreement without cause after
10 days written notice. In September 2021, the former company exercised its right to terminate the Consulting Agreement because
management of the former company at the time of termination was dissatisfied with the quality of Plaintiff s services under the
Consulting Agreement. Specifically, management of the former company at the time of termination received complaints from third parties
that Plaintiff behaved inappropriately in meetings where Plaintiff made presentations to potential clients and vendors on behalf of the
former company. In contrast, Plaintiff alleges, among other things, that the Defendants improperly misclassified Plaintiff as an independent
contractor, that certain of the former company s executive officers committed sexual harassment and defamation and that Defendants
unlawfully terminated Plaintiff. A jury trial has been set for May 26, 2023. The Company believes it should not be a party to the lawsuit
since the former company, including its operations, officers, employees, contractors, assets and liabilities were all spun out as part
of or as a result of the Spin Out Agreement dated July 23, 2021, and the Plaintiff never contracted with or was employed by the Company.
The Company believes that the lawsuit is without merit and intends to defend the lawsuit vigorously; however, there can be no assurance
regarding the ultimate outcome of this lawsuit. 

Other than as described above,
we know of no other material, existing or pending legal proceedings against the Company, nor is it involved as a plaintiff in any material
proceeding or pending litigation. Other than as described above, we know of no other proceedings in which our directors, officers or any
affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our common stock trades on
the OTCQB Venture Market under the symbol XESP. Unlike the Nasdaq Stock Market, companies cannot directly apply to
be quoted on the OTCQB Venture Market, only market makers can initiate quotes, and quoted companies do not have to meet any quantitative
financial requirements. Any equity security of a reporting company not listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market or on a national securities exchange
is eligible. 

The following quotations reflect the high and low
bids for our common shares based on inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual
transactions. 

The high and low bid prices of our common stock for the periods indicated
below are as follows: 

OTCQB Venture Market (1) (2) 
 
 Quarter Ended 
 High 
 Low 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 0.50 
 0.15 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 0.75 
 0.16 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 0.39 
 0.39 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 0.15 
 0.15 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 0.165 
 0.165 
 
 December 30, 2022 
 0.066 
 0.066 

(1) Over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission,
and may not represent actual transactions. 

(2) The source of these quotations is OTCMarkets.com. 

10 

Stockholders 

As of the date of this report,
there were approximately 73 stockholders. 

Dividends 

We have not paid, nor declared,
any cash dividends since our inception and do not intend to declare or pay any such dividends in the foreseeable future. Our ability to
pay cash dividends is subject to limitations imposed by state law. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

As of the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company did not have any compensation plans under which our Common Stock was authorized for issuance; provided, however,
the Company issued stock options to certain affiliates of the Company as follows: 

In the first quarter of 2022,
the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Anthony Sanneh, a former officer of the Company. Under this Employment Agreement,
the Company issued options to purchase 500,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock at a strike price of 0.39 per share.
The options vest over a period of 1.5 years contingent upon service and have an expiry date of 10 years from the date of grant. 

In the first quarter of 2022,
the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Thomas Spruce, an officer and sole director of the Company. Under this Employment
Agreement, the Company issued options to purchase 500,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock at a strike price of 0.39
per share. The options vest over a period of 1.5 years contingent upon service and have an expiry date of 10 years from the date of grant.
In the first quarter of 2023, the Company entered into a new Employment Agreement with Mr. Spruce. Under this new Employment Agreement,
the Company issued options to purchase 1,750,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock, at the commencement of his initial
term of services, for an exercise price 0.06 per share, vesting with respect to the first 250,000 shares on February 1, 2023 and vesting
with respect to the remaining 1,500,000 shares in installments of 125,000 shares per fiscal quarter with the first vesting date of April
1, 2023 and 250,000 options to purchase restricted shares of the Company s common stock, at the commencement of his first renewal
term of service. The options have an expiry date of 10 years from the date of grant. 

In the last quarter of 2022,
the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Jim Kellogg, an officer of the Company. Under this Employment Agreement, the Company
issued options to purchase 300,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock at a strike price of 0.10 per share, vesting
with respect to 25 of the shares after 3 months of continuous service after November 16, 2022 and with respect to 25 of the shares every
3 months thereafter. 

In the first quarter of 2023,
the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Peter Hager, an officer of the Company. Under this Employment Agreement, the Company
issued options to purchase 6,400,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock at a strike price of 0.06 per share and options
to purchase 1,000,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock, at the commencement of his first renewal term of service.
The options to purchase 6,400,000 restricted shares shall vest with respect to the first 400,000 shares on February 1, 2023, with the
remaining 6,000,000 shares vesting in installments of 500,000 shares per fiscal quarter for each quarter of continuous service, beginning
on April 1, 2023. 

In the first quarter of 2023,
the Company entered into an Advisor Agreement with Greg Shockey, an advisor of the Company. Under this Advisor Agreement, the Company
issued options to purchase 3,660,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock at a strike price of 0.06 per share. The options
shall vest with respect to the first 60,000 shares on February 1, 2023, with the remaining 3,600,000 shares vesting in installments of
300,000 shares per fiscal quarter for each quarter of continuous service, beginning on April 1, 2023. 

The Company s management
will review the adoption of an equity compensation plan in the future. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

In the fourth quarter of 2021,
the Company issued a total of 10,000,000 shares of its restricted common stock, at a cost basis of 0.25 per share, to Phitech Management
LLC in connection with a Licensing Agreement. The shares were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act. 

In the first quarter of 2022,
the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Anthony Sanneh, a former officer of the Company. Under this Employment Agreement,
the Company issued options to purchase 500,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock at a strike price of 0.39 per share.
The options vest over a period of 1.5 years contingent upon service and have an expiry date of 10 years from the date of grant. The options
were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

11 

In the first quarter of 2022,
the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Thomas Spruce, an officer and sole director of the Company. Under this Employment
Agreement, the Company issued options to purchase 500,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock at a strike price of 0.39
per share. The options vest over a period of 1.5 years contingent upon service and have an expiry date of 10 years from the date of grant.
In the first quarter of 2023, the Company entered into a new Employment Agreement with Mr. Spruce. Under this new Employment Agreement,
the Company issued options to purchase 1,750,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock, at the commencement of his initial
term of services, for an exercise price 0.06 per share, vesting with respect to the first 250,000 shares on February 1, 2023 and vesting
with respect to the remaining 1,500,000 shares in installments of 125,000 shares per fiscal quarter with the first vesting date of April
1, 2023 and 250,000 options to purchase restricted shares of the Company s common stock, at the commencement of his first renewal
term of service. The options have an expiry date of 10 years from the date of grant. The options were issued in reliance on the exemption
from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

In the last quarter of 2022,
the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Jim Kellogg, an officer of the Company. Under this Employment Agreement, the Company
issued options to purchase 300,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock at a strike price of 0.10 per share, vesting
with respect to 25 of the shares after 3 months of continuous service after November 16, 2022 and with respect to 25 of the shares every
3 months thereafter. The options were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

In the first quarter of 2023,
the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Peter Hager, an officer of the Company. Under this Employment Agreement, the Company
issued options to purchase 6,400,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock at a strike price of 0.06 per share and options
to purchase 1,000,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock, at the commencement of his first renewal term of service.
The options to purchase 6,400,000 restricted shares shall vest with respect to the first 400,000 shares on February 1, 2023, with the
remaining 6,000,000 shares vesting in installments of 500,000 shares per fiscal quarter for each quarter of continuous service, beginning
on April 1, 2023. The options were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

In the first quarter of 2023,
the Company entered into an Advisor Agreement with Greg Shockey, an advisor of the Company. Under this Advisor Agreement, the Company
issued options to purchase 3,660,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock at a strike price of 0.06 per share. The options
shall vest with respect to the first 60,000 shares on February 1, 2023, with the remaining 3,600,000 shares vesting in installments of
300,000 shares per fiscal quarter for each quarter of continuous service, beginning on April 1, 2023. The options were issued in reliance
on the exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

12 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION 

 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion should be read in
conjunction with our audited financial statements and notes to our financial statements included elsewhere in this report. This discussion
contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors discussed elsewhere in this report. 

Certain information included herein contains
statements that may be considered forward-looking statements, such as statements relating to our anticipated revenues, gross margin and
operating results, future performance and operations, plans for future expansion, capital spending, sources of liquidity, and financing
sources. This forward-looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect anticipated results
in the future, and accordingly, such results may differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made herein. These risks
and uncertainties include those relating to our liquidity requirements, the continued growth of the Company s industry, the success
of our product development, marketing and sales activities, vigorous competition in the construction industry, dependence on existing
management, leverage and debt service (including sensitivity to fluctuations in interest rates), domestic or global economic conditions,
the inherent uncertainty and costs of prolonged arbitration or litigation, and changes in federal or state tax laws or the administration
of such laws. 

Overview 

Electronic
Servitor Publication Network Inc. (formerly CannAssist International Corp.) was incorporated on May 17, 2017, under the laws of the State
of Delaware to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions. The Company
is a managed services company providing digital activation and engagement solutions to established
and developing companies that seek to optimize their digital customer engagement strategies. The Company's managed services are powered
by a proven, proprietary tech stack - the Digital Engagement Engine (or DE ). This technology provides intelligent interaction management,
dynamic content provisioning, and a logic-driven workflow which creates digital experiences that accelerate an audience from awareness
to action, no matter what programs and processes that the client already has in place. 

The Company's corporate offices
are located at 400 1ST Ave N., Ste. 100, Minneapolis, MN 55401. The Company's email website is www.xespn.com. The Company s telephone
number is (883) 991-0800. 

The Company s common
stock trades on the OTCQB Venture Market under the stock ticker symbol XESP. 

On July 1, 2021, Mark Palumbo,
a former officer and director of the Company, and Forty 7 Select Holdings LLC, an entity controlled by Greg Shockey (who was an existing
shareholder of the Company), entered into an agreement pursuant to which Mark Palumbo transferred all of his 1,000 shares of Series A
Preferred Stock (representing 100 of the Company s issued and outstanding Series A Preferred Stock), of the Company to Forty 7
Select Holdings LLC in a private transaction. The Series A Preferred Stock provides the holder thereof the right to vote 60 of the Company s
voting shares on any and all shareholder matters and thereby constituted a change of control of the Company. Further, Mark Palumbo contributed
7,500,000 shares of common stock held by him to the treasury of the Company for cancellation at no cost (the Contribution ). 

On July 23, 2021, the Company
entered into a Technology License Agreement with Phitech Management, LLC, an entity controlled by Peter Hager Licensor ),
whereby, at Closing, the Company shall be granted a license (the License to use, market, promote and distribute certain
technology related to Electronic Sports Gaming, related patent applications, related trade-secrets and associated knowhow, including methods,
techniques, specifications, procedures, information, systems, knowledge and business processes required to practice and carry on business
in the field of data collection, security and management (the Technology ). The initial term of the License is 10-years (the
 Initial Term and shall automatically be renewed for successive 1-year terms (each, a Renewal Term unless
the Company elects to terminate the License by giving 30 days written notice prior to commencement of a Renewal Term. In exchange
for the License of the Technology, the Company shall issue to the Licensor 10,000,000 restricted shares of its common stock (which is
an amount equal to 2,500,000 divided by 0.25, which was the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the trading
day prior to the effective date of the License Agreement). 

13 

On July 23, 2021, the Company
and Mark Palumbo entered into an agreement (the Spin-Off Agreement whereby, at the Closing, the Company shall transfer
100 of the issued and outstanding membership units of Xceptor LLC, an entity that was a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, to Mark
Palumbo (along with the assets and liabilities associated with the prior business) for nominal consideration as a condition of the Change-in-Control
(the Spin-Off ). Furthermore, at the Closing, that certain Technology License Agreement entered into by and between the Company
and Mark Palumbo dated April 29, 2019 (the Palumbo License Agreement shall be terminated and the Company shall assign all
rights to the underlying Intellectual Property (as defined in the Palumbo License Agreement) to Mark Palumbo. 

On September 28, 2021, the
Certificate of Incorporation of the Company was amended to effect a change in the Company s name from CannAssist International
Corp. to The Electronic Servitor Publication Network, Inc. (the Name Change ). 

On October 9, 2021, the Closing
of the Technology License Agreement occurred whereby the Company received the License to the Technology and the Licensor shall be 10,000,000
restricted shares of the Company s common stock, at a cost basis of 0.25 per share. 

On October 9, 2021, the Closing
of the Spin-Off Agreement occurred whereby 100 of the issued and outstanding membership units of Xceptor LLC was transferred to Mark
Palumbo (along with the assets and liabilities associated with the prior business) in exchange for nominal consideration and the Palumbo
License Agreement was terminated. 

Effective October 9, 2021,
as a result of the transactions described above, the business of the Company changed to focus on Electronic Sports Gaming technology and
the development of related infrastructure, specifically the development and commercialization of a technology platform specifically designed
for the Electronic Sports and Electronic Gaming markets. The platform will provide an omni-channel publishing tool, with talent identity
protection and monetization tools provided in line with interaction and media creation services. Further publication and monetization
products and services will be developed and acquired to support these efforts. 

On
November 20, 2022, the Board approved the Company s amended and restated By-laws. On and after the effective date of the By-laws,
the annual meeting of the Company s stockholder, shall be held annually on a date and at a time, and via a format (in person, conference
call, video conference etc.) designated by the board of directors and stated in a notice of the meeting. Prior to the amendment, the annual
meeting was held on the third Thursday of May of each calendar year at 10:30 am. Pursuant to the amended and restated By-laws, notice
of the meeting may now be served to stockholders by electronic transmission, upon receipt of confirmation. Further, notice for special
meetings of the Company s board of directors may now be given with no less than 24 hours by email or text, in addition to notice
in person, by letter or telephone call. The Company s officers, pursuant to the amended and restated By-laws will be comprised of
a chief executive officer, a president, a chief operating officer, a chief financial officer, a secretary, a treasurer, a controller,
and/or such other officers as may from time to time be elected or appointed by the board of directors. Consequently, new descriptions
for the offices of chief operations officer and chief financial officer have been included to the By-laws under Sections 4.7 and 4.8,
respectively. The amended and restated By-laws also include an indemnification provision to indemnify the Company s officers and
directors to the maximum extent and in the manner permitted by the General Corporation Law of Delaware. 

The Company anticipates that
it would need approximately 1,500,000 over the next 12 months to continue as a going concern, satisfy its capital commitments and continue
its operations in accordance with its current business plan. In addition to revenues generated from sales, the Chief Operating Officer
and several shareholders may fund the Company s operations, if needed, during the next 12 months or until the Company can generate
an ongoing source of capital sufficient to independently continue its operations. 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had generated revenues of 0. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a total net loss of 447,250 and had an accumulated deficit
of 6,362,481. 

For the period ended December
31, 2022, the Company s independent auditors issued a report raising substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon financial support from its principal stockholders,
its ability to obtain necessary equity financing, or its ability to sell its services to generate consistent profitability. 

Revenues and Losses 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company posted revenues of 0. For that same year ended, total operating expenses were 441,761, consisting of general and
administrative expenses of 19,672, professional fees of 73,800 and stock-based compensation fees of 348,289. Loss from operations and
before income taxes totaled 441,761. Other expenses consisted of 5,489 in interest expense. After income tax expense of 0, the Company
generated a net loss from continuing operations of 447,250, and a total net loss of 447,250. 

14 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company had total assets
of 17,139. 

Since its inception, the Company
has devoted most of its efforts to business planning, research and development, recruiting management and staff and raising capital. Accordingly,
the Company was considered to be in the development stage until it recently began formal operations. The Company generated limited revenues
since its inception and there is no assurance of future revenues. 

The Company s proposed
activities will necessitate significant uses of capital beyond 2022. 

There
is no assurance that the Company s activities will generate sufficient revenues to sustain its operations without additional capital,
or if additional capital is needed, that such funds, if available, will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. Accordingly,
given the Company s limited cash and cash equivalents on hand, the Company will be unable to implement its business plans and proposed
operations unless it obtains additional financing or otherwise is able to generate revenues and profits. The Company may raise additional
capital through sales of debt or equity, obtain loan financing or develop and consummate other alternative financial plans. In the interim,
the Company plans to rely on its primary shareholder to continue his commitment to fund the Company s continuing operating requirements.
Management anticipates a total capital raise of 1,500,000 over the course of the following four consecutive quarters through private
placements; provided, however, that the Company will require a minimum of 1,500,000 for the next 12 months to fund its operations, which
will be used to fund expenses related to Platform Finalization Costs, Initial Marketing, Furniture, Fixtures, and Equipment, Working Capital,
Professional Fees and Licensure and Miscellaneous Development Costs. Management believes that this capital would allow the Company to
meet its operating cash requirements and would facilitate the Company s business of selling and distributing its products. Management
also believes that the acquisition of such assets would generate revenue to cover overhead cost and general liabilities of the Company
and allow the Company to achieve overall sustainable profitability. 

Discussion of the Year Ended December 31, 2022,
as compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, all of revenue and cost of revenue have been included in the loss from discontinued operations (refer to Note 10). 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company posted operating expenses from continuing operations of 441,761, consisting of general and administrative expenses
of 19,672, professional fees of 73,800 and stock-based compensation of 348,289. For the year ended December 31, 2021, all operating
expense have been included in the loss from discontinued operations (refer to Note 10). 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company posted a net loss of 447,250 from continuing operations for a total net loss for the year of 447,250, compared
to a net loss of 166,077 from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company used 63,134 of cash in operating activities and generated 80,273 in cash from financing activities. The Company
did not use or generate any cash in investing activities. 

Plan of Operations 

For the next few months, the
Company will be focusing on developing and launching its platform, marketing and identifying customers. 

15 

There
is no assurance that the Company s activities will generate sufficient revenues to sustain its operations without additional capital,
or if additional capital is needed, that such funds, if available, will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. Accordingly,
given the Company s limited cash and cash equivalents on hand, the Company will be unable to implement its business plans and proposed
operations unless it obtains additional financing or otherwise is able to generate revenues and profits. The Company may raise additional
capital through sales of debt or equity, obtain loan financing or develop and consummate other alternative financial plans. In the interim,
the Company plans to rely on its primary shareholder to continue his commitment to fund the Company s continuing operating requirements.
Management anticipates a total capital raise of 1,500,000 over the course of the following four consecutive quarters through private
placements; provided, however, that the Company will require a minimum of 1,500,000 for the next 12 months to fund its operations, which
will be used to fund expenses related to Platform Finalization Costs, Initial Marketing, Furniture, Fixtures, and Equipment, Working Capital,
Professional Fees and Licensure and Miscellaneous Development Costs. Management believes that this capital would allow the Company to
meet its operating cash requirements and would facilitate the Company s business of selling and distributing its products. Management
also believes that the acquisition of such assets would generate revenue to cover overhead cost and general liabilities of the Company
and allow the Company to achieve overall sustainable profitability. 

Equipment Financing 

The Company has no existing
equipment financing arrangements. 

Potential Revenue 

The Company has developed
a technology platform that is specifically designed for digital activation and engagement. The platform s functionality will allow
its clients to better engage with their audiences on a global level. The platform will also provide in depth engagement analytics. 

The Company plans to generate
its profits via several revenue streams that will generate recurring streams of revenue for the business on a defined periodic basis. 

Alternative Financial Planning 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had cash available of 17,139. 

Management anticipates a total
capital raise of 1,500,000 over the course of the following four consecutive quarters through private placements. Other than as stated
herein, the Company has no alternative financial plans at the moment. If the Company is not able to successfully raise monies as needed
through a private placement or other securities offering (including, but not limited to, a primary public offering of securities), the
Company s ability to operate effectively will be severely jeopardized. 

The Company does not anticipate
that it will generate revenue sufficient to cover its planned operating expenses, and the Company must obtain additional financing in
order to develop and implement its business plan and proposed operations. If the Company is not successful in generating sufficient revenues
and/or obtaining additional funding to develop its business plan and proposed operations, this could have a material adverse effect on
its business, results of operations liquidity and financial condition. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company has no off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on its financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Refer to Note 2 of our financial statements contained
elsewhere in this Form 10-K for a summary of our critical accounting policies and recently adopted and issued accounting standards. 

16 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

As a smaller reporting
company , we have elected not to provide the disclosure required by this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

The required financial statements
are included following the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation
of our prior principal executive and financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rule 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report (based on the evaluation of these controls and procedures required by Rule 15d-15(b)
of the Exchange Act) were not effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s
rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal
financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As
of the end of the period covered by the Report, we had failed to adequately invest in personnel and systems to accumulate, record and
properly report on our results of operations. 

We believe that a control
system, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met,
and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company
have been detected. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records
that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company; (ii) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our
management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

17 

Management assessed our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, the end of our fiscal year. Management based its assessment on criteria established
in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the
COSO 2013 Criteria) . Management s assessment included evaluation of such elements as the design and operating effectiveness
of key financial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control environment. 

Based on our assessment, management
has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective, as of the end of the fiscal year, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, due to the material weaknesses set forth below. 

The following is a summary
of our material weaknesses as of December 31, 2022: 

Lack of Thorough Controls
and Segregation of Duties 

The Company has not designed
nor maintained effective controls over review of financial information, including cut-off, and there is also a lack of segregation of
duties with regard to key treasury and accounting functions. These items contribute to a material weakness in internal control over financial
reporting. The Company needs to develop an appropriate control environment, perform a risk assessment, develop control activities, and
information, as well as monitoring activities, which we hope to implement over the next 12 months. 

This annual report does not
include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of
the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Internal control over financial
reporting has inherent limitations which include but is not limited to the use of independent professionals for advice and guidance, interpretation
of existing and/or changing rules and principles, segregation of management duties, scale of organization, and personnel factors. Internal
control over financial reporting is a process which involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns
resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management
override. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a
timely basis, however these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process and it is possible to design into
the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the year ended December
31, 2022, that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

18 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The following table sets forth
information regarding the members of the Company s board of directors and its executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Year Commenced 
 
 Peter Hager 
 
 53 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 2023 

Thomas Spruce 
 
 67 
 
 Chief Operations Officer, Secretary, and sole Director 
 
 2022 

Jim Kellogg 
 
 64 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2022 

Peter Hager 

 Chief Executive Officer and President 

Peter
Hager, age 53, is a seasoned business executive with 30 years of cross industry leadership experience in executive management, sales,
marketing, and technology. He has a track record of success in providing services to Fortune 500 companies, such as United Health Group,
Boston Scientific, Johnson Johnson, Medtronic, Wells Fargo, 3M, Target, Cargill, Land O Lakes, and General Mills. Since 2003,
Peter Hager served in various roles including as President, CEO, and Chairman of Pointward, Inc. which is a MedTech Customer Engagement
Agency. Mr. Hager has also served as past or current director and founding member for multiple technology, professional services, and
MedTech organizations, including PhiTech Management, iSight Therapeutics, TeamNet Systems, and Bluestem Technologies. Mr. Hager holds
a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics and psychology from Macalester College in Saint Paul, Minnesota. 

Thomas Spruce 

 Chief Operating Officer, Secretary, and sole
Director 

Thomas Spruce, age 67, is
the Chief Operations Officer, Secretary, and sole Director. Mr. Spruce has decades of experience in large corporations, small companies,
and start-ups in a variety of sales management, operations management, business development, and consulting roles with product and service
businesses. From 2008 to the present, Mr. Spruce has served as the President and CEO of His Speed, Inc., a company that specializes in
business management, development, and consulting. Prior to 2008, Mr. Spruce served in management positions at the Principle Pharmacy Group,
MediqPRN/Hill-Rom and Owen Healthcare/Cardinal Health, where he managed sales, operations management, business transition, integrated
sales, and enterprise account management. Mr. Spruce has a Bachelor of Sciences in Pharmacy from the University of Arkansas, is a licensed
pharmacist, is a Board Member at The Victory Way, has served as Board Chairman of the Dean s Advisory Council- Western University
School of Pharmacy and was a Fellow at the American College of Healthcare Executives. 

Jim Kellogg 

 Chief Financial Officer 

Since
its inception in January of 2005, Mr. Kellogg, age 64, has served as the principal of J. Kellogg Company, Inc., a business and tax
consultant for business entities with annual gross sales of up to 10,000,000. Mr. Kellogg has provided legal support to clients 
business valuations, business interruption and divorce property valuations. He personally interviews, prepares and reviews approximately
1,000 personal, business, and fiduciary tax returns on an annual basis. Mr. Kellogg has been working as a professional tax adviser since
1983. Mr. Kellogg obtained his JD from the Western State University College of Law in Fullerton, California, with an emphasis on taxation
in 1995, and was certified as a financial planner by the College for Financial Planning in Denver, Colorado in 1990. 

19 

Director Independence 

The Board of Directors has
determined that it does not have any independent directors as that term is defined by NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). In assessing
the independence of the directors, the Board considers any transactions, relationships and arrangements between our Company and our independent
directors or their affiliated companies. This review is based primarily on responses of the directors to questions in a director and officer
questionnaire regarding employment, business, familial, compensation and other relationships with our Company or our management. 

Director Compensation 

Aside from stock options disclosed
above, directors do not receive any compensation for serving on the Board of Directors. 

Committees and Terms 

The Board of Directors has
not established any committees. The Company will notify its shareholders for an annual shareholder meeting and that they may present proposals
for inclusion in the Company s proxy statement to be mailed in connection with any such annual meeting; such proposals must be received
by the Company at least 90 days prior to the meeting. No other specific policy has been adopted in regard to the inclusion of shareholder
nominations to the Board of Directors. 

Legal Proceedings 

On November 4, 2021, a lawsuit
captioned CAMRON ELIZABETH v. MARK PALUMBO et al., Case No. CVPS2106116 was filed in the Superior Court of California, County of Riverside
against the Company and certain of the Company s former executive officers (collectively, the Defendants ). The Plaintiff
and the Company (as CannAssist International Corp.) entered into a Consulting Agreement dated November 20, 2020 (the Consulting
Agreement ), pursuant to which Plaintiff was engaged to provide certain sales and marketing services to the Company. As a condition
of this Consulting Agreement, Plaintiff was paid a monthly fee and was granted restricted shares of the common stock of the Company that
were subject to certain vesting conditions tied to Plaintiff s service under the Consulting Agreement. The Consulting Agreement
also contained provisions that enabled the Company to terminate the Consulting Agreement without cause after 10 days written notice.
In September 2021, the Company exercised its right to terminate the Consulting Agreement because management of the Company at the time
of termination was dissatisfied with the quality of Plaintiff s services under the Consulting Agreement. Specifically, management
of the Company at the time of termination received complaints from third-parties that Plaintiff behaved inappropriately in meetings where
Plaintiff made presentations to potential clients and vendors on behalf of the Company. In contrast, Plaintiff alleges, among other things,
that the Defendants improperly misclassified Plaintiff as an independent contractor, that certain of the Company s former executive
officers committed sexual harassment and defamation and that Defendants unlawfully terminated Plaintiff. A jury trial has been set for
May 26, 2023. The Company believes that the lawsuit is without merit and intends to defend the lawsuit vigorously; however, there can
be no assurance regarding the ultimate outcome of this lawsuit. 

Other than as described above,
we know of no other material, existing or pending legal proceedings against the Company, nor is it involved as a plaintiff in any material
proceeding or pending litigation. Other than as described above, we know of no other proceedings in which our directors, officers or any
affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. 

Code of Ethics 

Our Board of Directors has
not adopted a code of ethics. We anticipate that we will adopt a code of ethics when we increase either the number of our Directors or
the number of our employees. 

Indemnification of Officers, Directors, Employees
and Agents 

The Certificate of Incorporation
and bylaws of the Company provide that the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, as amended from time to time,
indemnify all directors of the Company, as well as any officers or employees of the Company to whom the Company has agreed to grant indemnification. 

20 

Section 145 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law empowers a corporation to indemnify its directors and officers and to purchase insurance with respect to liability
arising out of their capacity or status as directors and officers provided that this provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability
of a director (I) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions
not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) arising under Section 174 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 

The Delaware General Corporation
Law provides further that the indemnification permitted thereunder shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which the directors
and officers may be entitled under the corporation's by-laws, any agreement, vote of shareholders or otherwise. 

The effect of the foregoing
is to require the Company to indemnify the officers and directors of the Company for any claim arising against such persons in their official
capacities if such person acted in good faith and in a manner that he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. 

INSOFAR AS INDEMNIFICATION FOR LIABILITIES ARISING
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, MAY BE PERMITTED TO DIRECTORS, OFFICERS OR PERSONS CONTROLLING THE COMPANY PURSUANT TO THE
FOREGOING PROVISIONS, IT IS THE OPINION OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION THAT SUCH INDEMNIFICATION IS AGAINST PUBLIC POLICY AS
EXPRESSED IN THE ACT AND IS THEREFORE UNENFORCEABLE. 

Identification of Significant Employees 

The Company currently has
three employees, not including independent consultants. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our current directors or executive officers have, during the past ten years: 

Been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic
violations and other minor offences); 

Had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership,
corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing
or within two years prior to that time; 

Been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any
court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise
limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance
activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

Been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended,
or vacated; 

Been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree,
or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants),
relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting
financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement
or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation
prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

Been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)), any 

Registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)), or
any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with
a member. 

21 

Except
as set forth in our discussion below in Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, none of our directors, director nominees
or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates
which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Committees of the Board 

Our
Company currently does not have nominating, compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our Company
have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our Directors believe that it is not necessary to have such committees,
at this time, because the Board of Directors can adequately perform the functions of such committees. 

Our
Company does not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for Directors.
The Board of Directors believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little
assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum
criteria for the election of nominees to the Board of Directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such
nominees. The Board of Directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations
for election or appointment. 

A
shareholder who wishes to communicate with our Board of Directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our President
and Director, at the address appearing on the first page of this filing. 

Risk Oversight 

Effective
risk oversight is an important priority of the Board of Directors. Because risks are considered in virtually every business decision,
the Board of Directors discusses risk throughout the year generally or in connection with specific proposed actions. The Board of Directors 
approach to risk oversight includes understanding the critical risks in the Company s business and strategy, evaluating the Company s
risk management processes, allocating responsibilities for risk oversight among the full Board of Directors, and fostering an appropriate
culture of integrity and compliance with legal responsibilities. 

Corporate Governance 

The
Company promotes accountability for adherence to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable
disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with the SEC and in other public communications made by the Company; and strives
to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. The Company has not formally adopted a written code of business
conduct and ethics that governs the Company s employees, officers and Directors as the Company is not required to do so. 

In
lieu of an Audit Committee, the Company s Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning
the selection of outside auditors, reviewing the scope, results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company s financial
statements and other services provided by the Company s independent public accountants. The Board of Directors reviews the Company s
internal accounting controls, practices and policies. 

Code of Ethics 

Our Board of Directors has
not adopted a code of ethics. We anticipate that we will adopt a code of ethics when we increase either the number of our Directors or
the number of our employees. 

22 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

At December 31, 2021, the
Company had not paid compensation to any executive officer or director; provided, however, the Company entered into the following employment
agreements with certain affiliates of the Company as follows: 

In the first quarter of 2022,
the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Anthony Sanneh, an affiliate of the Company, for services as an officer of the Company.
This agreement has a term of 2 years and automatically renews for additional 6-month terms unless earlier terminated earlier. This agreement
is terminable by each of the parties upon written notice. Under this agreement, the Company pays a base salary of 1.00 per year and issued
options to purchase 500,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock at a strike price of 0.39 per share. The options vest
over a period of 1.5 years contingent upon service and have an expiry date of 10 years from the date of grant. In the event that the agreement
is renewed, an additional 125,000 options to purchase restricted shares of the Company s common stock shall be issued for each 6-month
renewal term at a strike price equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the trading day prior to the grant
of the options. 

In the first quarter of 2022,
the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Thomas Spruce, an affiliate of the Company, for services as an officer of the Company.
This agreement has a term of 2 years and automatically renews for additional 6-month terms unless earlier terminated earlier. This agreement
is terminable by each of the parties upon written notice. Under this agreement, the Company pays a base salary of 1.00 per year and issued
options to purchase 500,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock at a strike price of 0.39 per share. The options vest
over a period of 1.5 years contingent upon service and have an expiry date of 10 years from the date of grant. In the event that the agreement
is renewed, an additional 125,000 options to purchase restricted shares of the Company s common stock shall be issued for each 6-month
renewal term at a strike price equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the trading day prior to the grant
of the options. 

In the last quarter of 2022,
the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Jim Kellogg, an officer of the Company. The agreement has a term of 1 year and automatically
renews for additional 6-month terms unless earlier terminated earlier. This agreement is terminable by each of the parties upon written
notice. Under this agreement, the Company pays a base salary of 1.00 per year and the Company issued options to purchase 300,000 restricted
shares of the Company s common stock at a strike price of 0.10 per share, vesting with respect to 25 of the shares after 3 months
of continuous service after November 16, 2022, and with respect to 25 of the shares every 3 months thereafter. The options have an expiry
date of 10 years from the date of grant. 

In the first quarter of 2023,
the Company entered into an Advisor Agreement with Greg Shockey, which supersedes his previous Advisor Agreement with the Company, whereby,
in exchange for business development and strategy consulting, investor relations, and facilitating meetings with targeted investors, as
well as other services, the Company agreed to issue Greg Shockey options to purchase 60,000 restricted shares of common stock at signing
and an additional 1,200,000 shares of restricted common stock every year thereafter. The 3,660,000 restricted shares of the Company s
common stock, for an exercise price of 0.06 per share, shall vest as follows: 60,000 shares on February 1, 2023, and the remaining 3,600,000
shall vest in installments of 300,000 shares per fiscal quarter with the first vesting date of April 1, 2023. The options have an expiry
date of 10 years from the date of grant. 

In the first quarter of 2023,
Peter Hager was appointed as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer. The Company entered into an Employment Agreement
with Mr. Hager. The agreement has a term of 3 years and automatically renews for additional 6-month terms unless earlier terminated earlier.
This agreement is terminable by each of the parties upon written notice. Under this agreement, the Company pays a base salary of 2.5 
of the Company s revenue up to a maximum of 480,000.00 per year and granted Mr. Hager options to purchase 6,400,000 restricted
shares of the Company s common stock, at the commencement of his initial term of services, for an exercise price 0.06 per share,
vesting with respect to the first 400,000 shares on February 1, 2023 and vesting with respect to the remaining 6,000,000 shares in installments
of 500,000 shares per fiscal quarter with the first vesting date of April 1, 2023 and 1,000,000 options to purchase restricted shares
of the Company s common stock, at the commencement of his first renewal term of service. The options have an expiry date of 10 years
from the date of grant. In addition, Mr. Hager may be entitled to an annual bonus if the Company s EBITDA exceeds the forecasted
EBITDA approved by the board at the beginning of the year. 

In the first quarter of 2023,
Thomas Spruce, an officer and director of the Company, entered into an Employment Agreement with the Company, which supersedes his previous
Employment Agreement with the Company. The agreement has a term of 3 years and automatically renews for additional 6-month terms unless
earlier terminated earlier. This agreement is terminable by each of the parties upon written notice. Under this agreement, the Company
pays a base salary of 1.25 of the Company s revenue up to a maximum of 240,000.00 per year and Mr. Spruce was granted options
to purchase 1,750,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock, at the commencement of his initial term of services, for
an exercise price 0.06 per share, vesting with respect to the first 250,000 shares on February 1, 2023 and vesting with respect to the
remaining 1,500,000 shares in installments of 125,000 shares per fiscal quarter with the first vesting date of April 1, 2023 and 250,000
options to purchase restricted shares of the Company s common stock, at the commencement of his first renewal term of service. The
options have an expiry date of 10 years from the date of grant. In addition, Mr. Spruce may be entitled to an annual bonus if the Company s
EBITDA exceeds the forecasted EBITDA approved by the board at the beginning of the year. 

23 

The Company may choose to
pay additional salary or fees to its executive management in the future. Other than the foregoing, there have been no changes in the Company s
compensation policy since the end of the Company s last fiscal year. 

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation
Table 

Other than as disclosed above,
there are no other employment agreements between the Company and its executive officers. The compensation discussed herein addresses all
compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officers. There are no other stock option plans, retirement, pension,
or profit-sharing plans for the benefit of our officers and directors other than as described herein. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The aforementioned equity
awards were outstanding as of fiscal year-end. 

Committees of the Board 

Our Company currently does
not have nominating, compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions nor does our Company have a written nominating,
compensation or audit committee charter. Our sole Director believes that it is not necessary to have such committees, at this time, because
he can adequately perform the functions of such committees. 

Our Company does not have
any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for Directors. The sole Director
believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our
business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our Company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election
of nominees to the Board of Directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The Board of
Directors will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment. 

A shareholder who wishes to
communicate with our Board of Directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our President and Director, at the address
appearing on the first page of this filing. 

Risk Oversight 

Effective risk oversight is
an important priority of the Company. Because risks are considered in virtually every business decision, the Director s approach
to risk oversight includes understanding the critical risks in the Company s business and strategy, evaluating the Company s
risk management processes, allocating responsibilities for risk oversight among the future full Board of Directors, and fostering an appropriate
culture of integrity and compliance with legal responsibilities. 

Corporate Governance 

The Company promotes accountability
for adherence to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports
and documents that the Company files with the SEC and in other public communications made by the Company; and strives to be compliant
with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. The Company has not formally adopted a written code of business conduct and
ethics that governs the Company s employees, officers and Directors as the Company is not required to do so. 

In lieu of an Audit Committee,
the Company s sole Director is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning the selection of outside auditors,
reviewing the scope, results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company s financial statements and other services provided
by the Company s independent public accountants. The Company s sole Director reviews the Company s internal accounting
controls, practices and policies. 

Code of Ethics 

The Company has not adopted
a code of ethics. We anticipate that we will adopt a code of ethics when we increase either the number of our Directors or the number
of our employees. 

24 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act may require our executive officers and Directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of our common stock to file reports of
ownership and change in ownership with the SEC and the exchange on which the common stock is listed for trading. Executive officers, Directors
and more than ten percent (10 stockholders are required by regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act to furnish us with copies
of all Section 16(a) reports filed. Based solely on our review of copies of the Section 16(a) reports filed for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, we believe that our executive officers, Directors and ten percent (10 stockholders complied with all reporting requirements
applicable to them, aside from Mr. Jim Kellogg, who has yet to file his initial Section 16(a) report after his appointment as Chief Financial
Officer of the Company. 

Director Compensation 

Our sole Director does not
currently receive any consideration for his services as a Director. The Company reserves the right in the future to award future members
of the Board of Directors cash or stock-based consideration for their services to the Company, which awards, if granted shall be in the
sole determination of the Board of Directors. 

Executive Compensation Philosophy 

Our sole Director determines
the compensation given to our executive officers in his sole determination. Our sole Director also reserves the right to pay our executives
a salary, and/or issue them shares of common stock issued in consideration for services rendered and/or to award incentive bonuses which
are linked to our performance, as well as to the individual executive officer s performance. This package may also include long-term
stock-based compensation to certain executives, which is intended to align the performance of our executives with our long-term business
strategies. Additionally, our sole Director reserves the right to grant stock options in the future, if he, in his sole determination,
believes such grants would be in the best interests of the Company. 

Incentive Bonus 

The Board of Directors may
grant incentive bonuses to our executive officers in its sole discretion, if the Board of Directors believes such bonuses are in the Company s
best interest, after analyzing our current business objectives and growth, if any, and the amount of revenue we are able to generate each
month, which revenue is a direct result of the actions and ability of such executives. 

Long-term, Stock Based Compensation 

In order to attract, retain
and motivate executive talent necessary to support the Company s long-term business strategy we may award certain executives with
long-term, stock-based compensation in the future, in the sole discretion of our sole Director, which we do not currently have any immediate
plans to award other than as described herein. 

25 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth
information as of the date of this prospectus regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock by each of its executive
officers and directors, individually and as a group and by each person who beneficially owns in excess of five percent of the common stock
after giving effect to any exercise of warrants or options held by that person. 

COMMON STOCK 

Common Shares 
 Percentage 

Owned 
 of Class (1) 

Peter Hager (1) (2) (5) 
 0 
 0.00 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Thomas Spruce (1) (2) (3) (6) (7) 
 15,000 
 0.07 
 
 Chief Operations Officer, Secretary and sole Director 

Jim Kellogg (1) (2) (4) 
 0 
 0.00 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Mark Palumbo (1) (8) (9) 
 2,300,000 
 10.73 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer, Former Treasurer and Former Secretary 

Marla Palumbo (1) (8) (9) 
 1,200,000 
 5.60 
 
 Former President 

Phitech Management LLC (1) (2) (10) 
 10,000,000 
 46.69 
 
 >5 Common Stock Shareholder 

Spruce Solutions LLC (1) (2) (11) 
 522,500 
 2.43 
 
 Held by Affiliate 

(1) Based on 21,416,001 common stock shares issued and outstanding as of the date of this Annual Report. 

(2) This individual and/or entity s address is 400 1st Ave N., Ste. 100, Minneapolis MN 55401. 

(3) This individual owns options to acquire 500,000 shares of the common stock of the Company at a strike
price of 0.39 per share. The options have an expiry date of 10 years from the date of grant and are subject to certain vesting conditions
related to length of service. 

(4) This individual owns options to acquire 300,000 shares of the common stock of the Company at a strike
price of 0.10 per share. The options have an expiry date of 10 years from the date of grant and are subject to certain vesting conditions
related to length of service. 

(5) This individual owns options to acquire 6,400,000 shares of the common stock of the Company at a strike
price of 0.06 per share. The options have an expiry date of 10 years from the date of grant and are subject to certain vesting conditions
related to length of service. 

(6) This individual owns options to acquire 1,750,000 shares of the common stock of the Company at a strike
price of 0.06 per share. The options have an expiry date of 10 years from the date of grant and are subject to certain vesting conditions
related to length of service. 

26 

(7) These shares are owned by the Spruce Family Trust, which is controlled by Mr. Spruce. 

(8) This individual s address is 855 South Mission Avenue, Suite #K400, Fallbrook, CA 92028. 

(9) These individuals are married. 

(10) Peter Hager is the controlling affiliate of this entity. 

(11) Thomas Spruce is the controlling affiliate of this entity. 

27 

SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK 

Series A Preferred Shares Owned 
 Percentage of Class (1) 
 
 Forty 7 Select Holdings LLC (1) (2) (3) (4) 
 1,000 
 100 
 
 >5 Series A Preferred Stock Shareholder 

(1) Based on 1,000 Series A Preferred Stock shares outstanding. 

(2) Consists of 1,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, purchased at par value, which, voting together as
a class, have the right to vote 60 of the Company s voting shares on any and all shareholder matters (the Majority Voting
Rights ). Additionally, the Company shall not adopt any amendments to the Company s Bylaws, Articles of Incorporation, as
amended, make any changes to the Certificate of Designations establishing the Series A Preferred Stock, or effect any reclassification
of the Series A Preferred Stock, without the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.
However, the Company may, by any means authorized by law and without any vote of the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, make
technical, corrective, administrative or similar changes to such Certificate of Designations that do not, individually or in the aggregate,
adversely affect the rights or preferences of the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Other than the Majority Voting Rights,
the Series A Preferred Stock does not have any other dividend, liquidation, conversion, or redemption rights, whatsoever. 

(3) This entity s address is 31878 Del Obispo 118-331, San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675. 

(4) Greg Shockey is the controlling affiliate of this entity. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Transactions with Related Persons 

Marla Palumbo, an affiliate
of the Company, had advanced the Company a limited amount of funds to cover some general operating expenses and travel costs. These advances
are unsecured, due on demand and non-interest bearing. Liability for any amounts due were transferred to Mark Palumbo as a condition of
the Spin-Off Agreement. Ms. Palumbo was the President of the Company and wife of the former CEO, Mark Palumbo. 

On July 1, 2021, Mark Palumbo,
an officer and director of the Company, and Forty 7 Select Holdings LLC, an entity controlled by an existing shareholder of the Company,
entered into an agreement pursuant to which Mark Palumbo transferred all of his 1,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (representing
100 of the Company s issued and outstanding Series A Preferred Stock), of the Company to Forty 7 Select Holdings LLC in a private
transaction. The Series A Preferred Stock provides the holder thereof the right to vote 60 of the Company s voting shares on any
and all shareholder matters and thereby constituted a change of control of the Company. Further, Mark Palumbo contributed 7,500,000 shares
of common stock then held by him to the treasury of the Company for cancellation at no cost (the Contribution ). 

On July 23, 2021, the Company
entered into a Technology License Agreement (the License Agreement with Phitech Management, LLC, an affiliate of the Company Licensor ), whereby the Licensor granted to the Company an exclusive worldwide license (the License to use,
market, promote and distribute certain technology related to Electronic Sports Gaming, related patent applications, related trade-secrets
and associated knowhow, including methods, techniques, specifications, procedures, information, systems, knowledge and business processes
required to practice and carry on business in the field of data collection, security and management (the Technology at
Closing (as defined in the License Agreement, which is incorporated herein by reference). The initial term of the License is 10-years
(the Initial Term and shall automatically be renewed for successive 1-year terms (each, a Renewal Term unless
the Company elects to terminate the License by giving 30 days written notice prior to commencement of a Renewal Term. In exchange
for the License of the Technology, the Company shall issue to the Licensor 10,000,000 restricted shares of its common stock (which is
an amount equal to 2,500,000 divided by 0.25, which was the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the trading
day prior to the effective date of the License Agreement). On October 9, 2021, the Closing of the Technology License Agreement (as amended
by that certain Bill of Sale and Acknowledgement of Closing of the Technology License Agreement attached as an exhibit to the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference) occurred whereby the Licensor was authorized
to be issued 10,000,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock, at a cost basis of 0.25 per share, and, in exchange, the
Company received the License to the Technology. 

28 

On July 23, 2021, the Company
and Mark Palumbo entered into a Spin-Off Agreement (the Spin-Off Agreement whereby, at the Closing (as defined in the Spin-Off
Agreement, which is incorporated by reference), the Company shall transfer 100 of the issued and outstanding membership units of Xceptor
LLC, an entity that was a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, to Mark Palumbo for nominal consideration as a condition of the Change-in-Control
of the Company (the Spin-Off ). Furthermore, at the Closing, that certain Technology License Agreement entered into by and
between the Company and Mark Palumbo dated April 29, 2019 (the Palumbo License Agreement shall be terminated and the Company
shall assign all rights to the underlying Intellectual Property (as defined in the Palumbo License Agreement) to Mark Palumbo. On October
9, 2021, the Closing of the Spin-Off Agreement (as amended by that certain Bill of Sale and Acknowledgement of Closing of the Spin-Off
Agreement attached as an exhibit to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2022, and incorporated herein
by reference) occurred whereby 100 of the issued and outstanding membership units of Xceptor LLC was transferred to Mark Palumbo. 

In the first quarter of 2022,
the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Anthony Sanneh, a former officer of the Company. This Employment Agreement has a
term of 2 years and automatically renews for additional 6-month terms unless earlier terminated earlier. This agreement is terminable
by each of the parties upon written notice. Under this Employment Agreement, the Company pays a base salary of 1.00 per year and issued
options to purchase 500,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock at a strike price of 0.39 per share. The options vest
over a period of 1.5 years contingent upon service and have an expiry date of 10 years from the date of grant. In the event that the agreement
is renewed, an additional 125,000 options to purchase restricted shares of the Company s common stock were to be issued for each
6-month renewal term at a strike price equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the trading day prior to
the grant of the options, however, Mr. Sanneh is no longer an officer of the Company. 

In the first quarter of 2022,
the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Thomas Spruce, an officer and director of the Company. This Employment Agreement
has a term of 2 years and automatically renews for additional 6-month terms unless earlier terminated earlier. This agreement is terminable
by each of the parties upon written notice. Under this Employment Agreement, the Company pays a base salary of 1.00 per year and issued
options to purchase 500,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock at a strike price of 0.39 per share. The options vest
over a period of 1.5 years contingent upon service and have an expiry date of 10 years from the date of grant. In the event that the agreement
is renewed, an additional 125,000 options to purchase restricted shares of the Company s common stock shall be issued for each 6-month
renewal term at a strike price equal to the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the trading day prior to the grant
of the options. 

In the last quarter of 2022,
the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Jim Kellogg, an officer of the Company. The agreement has a term of 1 year and automatically
renews for additional 6-month terms unless earlier terminated earlier. This agreement is terminable by each of the parties upon written
notice. Under this agreement, the Company pays a base salary of 1.00 per year and the Company issued options to purchase 300,000 restricted
shares of the Company s common stock at a strike price of 0.10 per share, vesting with respect to 25 of the shares after 3 months
of continuous service after November 16, 2022 and with respect to 25 of the shares every 3 months thereafter. The options have an expiry
date of 10 years from the date of grant. 

In the first quarter of 2023,
the Company entered into an Advisor Agreement with Greg Shockey, which supersedes his previous Advisor Agreement with the Company, whereby,
in exchange for business development and strategy consulting, investor relations, and facilitating meetings with targeted investors, as
well as other services, the Company agreed to issue Greg Shockey options to purchase 60,000 restricted shares of common stock at signing
and an additional 1,200,000 shares of restricted common stock every year thereafter. The 3,660,000 restricted shares of the Company s
common stock, for an exercise price of 0.06 per share, shall vest as follows: 60,000 shares on February 1, 2023 and the remaining 3,600,000
shall vest in installments of 300,000 shares per fiscal quarter with the first vesting date of April 1, 2023. The options have an expiry
date of 10 years from the date of grant. 

In the first quarter of 2023,
Peter Hager was appointed as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer. The Company entered into an Employment Agreement
with Mr. Hager. The agreement has a term of 3 years and automatically renews for additional 6-month terms unless earlier terminated earlier.
This agreement is terminable by each of the parties upon written notice. Under this agreement, the Company pays a base salary of 2.5 
of the Company s revenue up to a maximum of 480,000.00 per year and granted Mr. Hager options to purchase 6,400,000 restricted
shares of the Company s common stock, at the commencement of his initial term of services, for an exercise price 0.06 per share,
vesting with respect to the first 400,000 shares on February 1, 2023 and vesting with respect to the remaining 6,000,000 shares in installments
of 500,000 shares per fiscal quarter with the first vesting date of April 1, 2023 and 1,000,000 options to purchase restricted shares
of the Company s common stock, at the commencement of his first renewal term of service. The options have an expiry date of 10 years
from the date of grant. In addition, Mr. Hager may be entitled to an annual bonus if the Company s EBITDA exceeds the forecasted
EBITDA approved by the board at the beginning of the year. 

29 

In the first quarter of 2023,
Thomas Spruce, an officer and director of the Company, entered into an Employment Agreement with the Company, which supersedes his previous
Employment Agreement with the Company. The agreement has a term of 3 years and automatically renews for additional 6-month terms unless
earlier terminated earlier. This agreement is terminable by each of the parties upon written notice. Under this agreement, the Company
pays a base salary of 1.25 of the Company s revenue up to a maximum of 240,000.00 per year and Mr. Spruce was granted options
to purchase 1,750,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock, at the commencement of his initial term of services, for
an exercise price 0.06 per share, vesting with respect to the first 250,000 shares on February 1, 2023 and vesting with respect to the
remaining 1,500,000 shares in installments of 125,000 shares per fiscal quarter with the first vesting date of April 1, 2023 and 250,000
options to purchase restricted shares of the Company s common stock, at the commencement of his first renewal term of service.
The options have an expiry date of 10 years from the date of grant. In addition, Mr. Spruce may be entitled to an annual bonus if the
Company s EBITDA exceeds the forecasted EBITDA approved by the board at the beginning of the year. 

Our officers and director
are now and may in the future become a stockholder, officer or director of other companies that may be engaged in business activities
similar to those conducted by us. Accordingly, direct conflicts of interest may arise in the future with respect to such individuals acting
on our behalf or other entities. Moreover, additional conflicts of interest may arise with respect to opportunities which come to the
attention of such individual in the performance of his duties or otherwise. Although we do not currently have a right of first refusal
pertaining to opportunities that come to management s attention insofar as such opportunities may relate to our business operations,
we have established a conflict-of-interest policy intended to ensure timely disclosure and avoidance of activities and relationships that
conflict with the interests of the Company. 

Our officers and director
are subject to the restriction that all opportunities contemplated by our business plan which come to their attention, either in the performance
of their duties or in any other manner, will be considered opportunities of, and be made available to our Company. A breach of this requirement
will be a breach of the fiduciary duties of the officer or director. 

All future affiliated transactions
will be made or entered into on terms that are no less favorable to us than those that can be obtained from any unaffiliated third party.
To the extent possible, a majority of the independent, disinterested members of our board of directors will approve future affiliated
transactions. 

Review, Approval and Ratification
of Related Party Transactions 

Given
our small size and limited financial resources, we have not adopted formal policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification
of transactions, such as those described above, with our executive officers, Directors and significant stockholders. However, all of the
transactions described above were approved and ratified by our Board of Directors. In connection with the approval of the transactions
described above, our Board of Directors, took into account several factors, including their fiduciary duties to the Company; the relationships
of the related parties described above to the Company; the material facts underlying each transaction; the anticipated benefits to the
Company and related costs associated with such benefits; whether comparable products or services were available; and the terms the Company
could receive from an unrelated third party. 

We
intend to establish formal policies and procedures in the future, once we have sufficient resources and have appointed additional Directors,
so that such transactions will be subject to the review, approval or ratification of our Board of Directors, or an appropriate committee
thereof. With regard to any future related party transaction, we plan to fully disclose any and all related party transactions in
the following manner: 

Disclosing such transactions in reports where required; 

Disclosing in any and all filings with the SEC, where required; 

Obtaining disinterested directors consent; and 

Obtaining shareholder consent where required. 

Director Independence 

Quotations for the Company s
common stock are entered on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board inter-dealer quotation system, which does not have director independence
requirements. For purposes of determining director independence, the Company applied the definitions set out in NASDAQ Rule 4200(a)(15).
Under NASDAQ Rule 4200(a)(15), a director is not considered to be independent if he or she is also an executive officer or employee of
the corporation. As a result, the Company does not have any independent directors. Our sole director, Thomas Spruce, is also an executive
officer of the Company. 

30 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed
for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial
statement and review of financial statements included in our 10-Q reports and services normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements were 43,000 for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and 35,000 for fiscal year
ended December 31, 2021. 

Audit-Related Fees 

The aggregate fees billed
in each of the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that are reasonably related to the
performance of the audit or review of our financial statements that are not reported above were nil for fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Tax Fees 

The aggregate fees billed
in each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and
tax planning were nil for fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

All Other Fees 

The aggregate fees billed
in each of the last two fiscal years for products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported
above were nil for fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Audit Committee 

As of the date of this Annual
Report, the Company did not have a standing audit committee serving, and as a result our board of directors performs the duties of an
audit committee. Our board of directors will evaluate and approve in advance, the scope and cost of the engagement of an auditor before
the auditor renders audit and non-audit services. We do not rely on pre-approval policies and procedures. 

31 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) Financial Statements Index 

The following financial statements are filed with this report: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit)
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Notes to Financial Statements 

EXHIBITS 

3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation (previously filed on Form 10-12G on January 18, 2017 as the same exhibit number as the exhibit number listed here, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 

3.2 
 By-laws (previously filed on Form 10-12G on January 18, 2017 as the exhibit number listed here, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 

3.3 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (previously filed on Form S-1 on October 22, 2018 as the same exhibit number listed here, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 

3.4 
 Series A Certificate of Designation filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on May 6, 2019 (previously filed on Form 8-K on March 30, 2020 as Exhibit 3.4, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 

3.5 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (previously filed on Form 8-K on October 12, 2021 as an exhibit and incorporated herein by this reference.) 

3.6 
 First Amended and Restated By-laws (previously filed on Form 8-K on November 21, 2022 as Exhibit 99.3, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 

10.1 
 Technology License Agreement between the Company and Phitech Management LLC (previously filed on Form 8-K on July 28, 2021 as the same exhibit number listed here, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 

10.2 
 Spin Off Agreement between the Company and Mark Palumbo (previously filed on Form 8-K on July 28, 2021 as the same exhibit number listed here, and incorporated by this reference.) 

10.3 
 Employment Agreement with Jim Kellogg (previously filed on Form 8-K on November 21, 2022 as Exhibit 99.1, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 

10.4 
 Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement with Jim Kellogg (previously filed on Form 8-K on November 21, 2022 as Exhibit 99.2, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 

10.5 
 Advisor Agreement with Greg Shockey (previously filed on Form 8-K on February 7, 2023 as Exhibit 99.1, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 

32 

10.6 
 Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement with Greg Shockey (previously filed on Form 8-K on February 7, 2023 as Exhibit 99.2, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 

10.7 
 Employment Agreement with Peter Hager (previously filed on Form 8-K on February 7, 2023 as Exhibit 99.3, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 

10.8 
 Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement with Peter Hager (previously filed on Form 8-K on February 7, 2023 as Exhibit 99.4, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 

10.9 
 Employment Agreement with Thomas Spruce (previously filed on Form 8-K on February 7, 2023 as Exhibit 99.5, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 

10.10 
 Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Agreement with Thomas Spruce (previously filed on Form 8-K on February 7, 2023 as Exhibit 99.6, and incorporated herein by this reference.) 

31.1 
 Rule 15d-14(a) Certification by Principal Executive Officer 

31.2 
 Rule 15d-14(a) Certification Principal Financial Officer 

32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

Filed herewith. 

33 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
in Minneapolis, MN, thereunto duly authorized, on March 29, 2023. 

ELECTRONIC SERVITOR PUBLICATION NETWORK INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Peter Hager 

Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Jim Kellogg 

Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Jim Kellogg 

Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized, on March 29, 2023. 

By: 
 /s/ Peter Hager 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Jim Kellogg 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Jim Kellogg 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed below by the following persons, constituting all of the members
of the board of directors, in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/ Thomas Spruce 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION TO BE FURNISHED WITH
REPORTS FILED PURSUANT TO SECTION 15(d) OF THE ACT BY REGISTRANTS WHICH HAVE NOT REGISTERED SECURITIES PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE ACT 

We will furnish to the Securities
and Exchange Commission, at the same time that it is sent to stockholders, any proxy or information statement that we send to our stockholders
in connection with any annual stockholders meeting. 

34 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 (PCAOB ID 5041) 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-2 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-6 

35 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Electronic Servitor Publication Network, Inc.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Electronic Servitor Publication Network, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related
consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

 Going Concern Matter 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

Critical audit matters
are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We determined that there
are no critical audit matters. 

/S (PCAOB ID 

 We have served as the Company's auditor since
2018 

March 29, 2023 

F- 1 

ELECTRONIC SERVITOR PUBLICATION NETWORK, INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accruals 

Loans payable 

Due to a related party 

Total current liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Series A Preferred stock, par value shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common Stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 2 

ELECTRONIC SERVITOR PUBLICATION NETWORK, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Professional fees 

Licensing expense 

Stock based compensation 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other expense: 

Interest expense 

Gain from spinoff of assets and liabilities 

Total other expense 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

Net loss 

Loss per share, basic and diluted, from continuing operations 

Loss per share, basic and diluted, from discontinued operations 

Loss per share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

ELECTRONIC SERVITOR PUBLICATION NETWORK, INC. 

 STATEMENT OF CHANGES OF STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

 For the Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Common stock issued for services 

Common stock issued for debt conversion 

Common stock units sold for cash 

Shares cancelled related party 

Contributed capital related party 

Common stock issued for licensing agreement 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Stock option expense 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

ELECTRONIC SERVITOR PUBLICATION NETWORK, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock based compensation 

Stock issued for licensing agreement 

Loss from discontinued operations 

Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accruals 

Operating activities from discontinued operations 

Net cash used by operating activities 

Cash flows from Investing activities: 

Cash flows from Financing activities: 

Proceeds from loans - related party 

Contributed capital related party 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Proceeds from loans payable 

Financing activities from discontinued operations 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Cash Paid For: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

ELECTRONIC SERVITOR PUBLICATION NETWORK INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2022 

shares
of Series A Preferred Stock (representing 100 of the Company s issued and outstanding Series A Preferred Stock), of the Company
to Forty 7 Select Holdings LLC in a private transaction. The Further,
Mark Palumbo contributed shares of common stock held by him to the treasury of the Company for cancellation at no cost (the
 Contribution ). 

On July 23, 2021, the Company entered into a Technology
License Agreement with Phitech Management, LLC, an entity controlled by Peter Hager Licensor ), to use, market, promote
and distribute certain technology relating to content provisioning including the related patent applications, trade-secrets and associated
knowhow, including methods, techniques, specifications, procedures, information, systems, knowledge and business processes required to
practice and carry on business in the field of data collection, security and management (the Technology ). The initial term
of the License is 10-years (the Initial Term and shall automatically be renewed for successive 1-year terms (each, a Renewal
Term unless the Company elects to terminate the License by giving 30 days written notice prior to commencement of a Renewal
Term. In exchange for the License of the Technology, the Company issues to the Licensor restricted shares of its common stock
(which is an amount equal to divided by , which was the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the
trading day prior to the effective date of the License Agreement). On October 9, 2021, at the Closing of the Technology License Agreement,
the Company received the License to the Technology and issued Licensor restricted shares of the Company s common stock,
at a cost basis of per share. 

On July 23, 2021, the Company and Mark Palumbo
entered into an agreement (the Spin-Off Agreement whereby, at the Closing, the Company shall transfer 100 of the issued
and outstanding membership units of Xceptor LLC, an entity that was a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, to Mark Palumbo (along with
the assets and liabilities associated with the prior business) for nominal consideration as a condition of the Change-in-Control (the
 Spin-Off ). Furthermore, at the Closing, that certain Technology License Agreement entered into by and between the Company
and Mark Palumbo dated April 29, 2019 (the Palumbo License Agreement shall be terminated and the Company shall assign all
rights to the underlying Intellectual Property (as defined in the Palumbo License Agreement) to Mark Palumbo. On October 9, 2021, at the
Closing of the Spin-Off Agreement, the Company transferred 100 of the issued and outstanding membership units of Xceptor LLC to Mark
Palumbo (along with the assets and liabilities associated with the prior business) in exchange for nominal consideration, and the Palumbo
License Agreement was terminated. 

cash equivalents for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021. 

dilutive shares. 

liability for unrecognized tax benefits was required to be reported. 

as of December 31, 2022. The Company s
continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate revenue to satisfy its obligations on a timely basis and ultimately
to attain profitability. There is no guarantee that the Company s activities will generate sufficient revenues to sustain its operations,
or its ability to sell its services to generate consistent profitability. In order to maintain operations, the Company may have to raise
additional capital from equity financing and/or from its officers, directors, or principal stockholders, subject to terms obtainable and
satisfactory to the Company. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to raise additional funds or to do so at an advantageous
price. The financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned
uncertainties. 

to a third party. The note matures in one year and bears interest at per annum. As of December 31, 2022, there is 
of interest accrued on this note. 

On May 20, 2022, the Company issued a note payable
for to a third party. The note matures in one year and bears interest at per annum. As of December 31, 2022, there is 
of interest accrued on this note. 

On June 10, 2022, the Company issued a note payable
for to a third party. The note matures in 6 months and bears interest at per annum. As of December 31, 2022, there is 
of interest accrued on this note. 

On October 18, 2022, the Company issued a note
payable for to a third party. The note matures in one year and bears interest at per annum. As of December 31, 2022, there
is of interest accrued on this note. 

, to pay for general operating expenses. Forty 7 is controlled
by Greg Shockey, an existing shareholder of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the balance due to Forty 7 is . 

Refer to Note 7 for options to purchase shares
of common stock issued to related parties. 

shares of Series
A Preferred Stock. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock have a par value of per share. The Series A Preferred Shares do not
have a dividend rate or liquidation preference and are not convertible into shares of common stock. on any and all shareholder matters (the Majority Voting
Rights ). Additionally, the Company shall not adopt any amendments to the Company s Bylaws, Articles of Incorporation, as
amended, make any changes to the Certificate of Designations establishing the Series A Preferred Stock, or effect any reclassification
of the Series A Preferred Stock, without the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock.
However, the Company may, by any means authorized by law and without any vote of the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock, make
technical, corrective, administrative or similar changes to such Certificate of Designations that do not, individually or in the aggregate,
adversely affect the rights or preferences of the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Other than the Majority Voting Rights,
the Series A Preferred Stock does not have any other dividend, liquidation, conversion, or redemption rights, whatsoever. 

Share price 

Exercise Price 

Term 

years 

Volatility 

Risk Free Interest Rate 

Dividend rate 

On May 27, 2022, the Company entered into an Addendum
to Employment Agreement with Thomas Spruce, which granted Mr. Spruce options to purchase an additional 250,000 restricted shares of the
Company s common stock at a strike price of 0.15 per share. The options vest immediately from the date of the grant and expire
10 years from the date of grant. 

Options issued with the following inputs: 

Options 

Share price 

Exercise Price 

Term 

years 

Volatility 

Risk Free Interest Rate 

Dividend rate 

On November 16, 2022, the Company entered into
an Employment Agreement with Jim Kellogg, which granted Mr. Kellogg options to purchase 300,000 restricted shares of the Company s
common stock at a strike price of 0.10 per share. The options vest over a period of 1 year contingent upon service and expire 10 years
from the date of grant. 

Options issued with the following inputs: 

Options 

Share price 

Exercise Price 

Term 

years 

Volatility 

Risk Free Interest Rate 

Dividend rate 

A summary of the status of the Company s
outstanding stock options and changes during the year is presented below: 

Activity for the year ended December 31, 2022,
is as follows: 

Expired 

Exercised 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

years 

Granted 

Expired 

Exercised 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

0 

Expired 

Exercised 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

years 

is being used
due to the new tax law recently enacted. 

Net deferred tax assets consist of the following
components as of December 31: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net provision for Federal income taxes 

The income tax provision differs from the amount
of income tax determined by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate to pretax income from continuing operations for the period ended
December 31, due to the following: 

Less valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating
loss carry forwards of approximately that may be offset against future taxable income. NOLs from tax years up to 2017 can be
carried forward twenty years. Under the CARES Act, the Company can carry forward NOLs indefinitely
for NOLs generated in a tax year beginning after 2017, that remain after they are carried back to tax years in the five-year carryback
period. No tax benefit has been reported in the December 31, 2022, financial statements since the potential tax benefit is offset
by a valuation allowance of the same amount. 

Due to the change in ownership provisions of the
Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards for Federal Income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations.
Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years. With few exceptions, the
Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2016. 

Cost of revenue - discontinued operations 

Gross margin 

Expenses of discontinued operations: 

General and administrative 

Professional fees 

Interest expense 

Total expenses of discontinued operations 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

restricted shares of common stock at signing and an additional 
shares of restricted common stock every year thereafter. 

On February 1, 2023, Peter Hager was appointed
as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Hager was granted options to purchase restricted shares
of the Company s common stock, at the commencement of his initial term of services, for an exercise price per share, vesting
with respect to the first shares on February 1, 2023 and vesting with respect to the remaining shares in installments
of shares per fiscal quarter with the first vesting date of April 1, 2023 and options to purchase restricted shares
of the Company s common stock, at the commencement of his first renewal term of service. 

On February 1, 2023, Thomas Spruce was appointed
as the Company s Secretary and Chief Operations Officer. Mr. Spruce was granted options to purchase restricted shares
of the Company s common stock, at the commencement of his initial term of services, for an exercise price per share, vesting
with respect to the first shares on February 1, 2023, and vesting with respect to the remaining shares in installments
of shares per fiscal quarter with the first vesting date of April 1, 2023 and options to purchase restricted shares of
the Company s common stock, at the commencement of his first renewal term of service. 

On March 23, 2023, the Company terminated an Advisory
Agreement dated April 12, 2022 with Danijella Dragas, a third-party service provider. 

F-12 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Peter Hager, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Electronic Servitor Publication Network Inc. for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluations; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation,
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 29, 2022 
 /s/ Peter Hager 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I, Jim Kellogg, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Electronic Servitor Publication Network Inc. for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluations; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation,
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 29, 2023 
 /s/ Jim Kellogg 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Electronic Servitor Publication Network Inc. (the Company for the year ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company, hereby certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his or her knowledge: 

(1) The report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 29, 2023 
 By: /s/ 
 Peter Hager 

Peter Hager 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: March 29, 2023 
 By: /s/ 
 Jim Kellogg 

Jim Kellogg 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to 
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed
filed by the Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or
its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 xesp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 xesp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 xesp-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 xesp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

