<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_883975_0001493152-23-010223.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7159935</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>318637</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1236851</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2624461</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1283006</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1498373</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-010223.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160054
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-010223
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Microbot Medical Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000883975
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				943078125
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19871
		FILM NUMBER:		23787345

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 RECREATION PARK DR SUITE 108
		CITY:			HINGHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-938-5561

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25 RECREATION PARK DR SUITE 108
		CITY:			HINGHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02043

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STEMCELLS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000524

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CYTOTHERAPEUTICS INC/DE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-010223.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

For
the transition period from ____ to _____ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
or Other Jurisdiction 
 of
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 ,

(Address
including zip code of registrant s Principal Executive Offices) 

(Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter: approximately . 

Common
stock outstanding as of March 30, 2023: shares 

INFORMATION
CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
report contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are projections in respect of future events or our future financial
performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should ,
 intends , expects , will , plans , anticipates , believes ,
 estimates , predicts , potential , or continue or the negative of these terms or
other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors,
including the risks listed under the section entitled Risk Factors commencing on page 20 of this report, which may cause
our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity or performance to be materially different from any future results, levels
of activity or performance expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

Table
of Contents 

Page

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 37 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 37 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 39 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 43 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 44 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 44 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 44 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 45 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 51 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 56 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 57 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 57 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 58 
 
 Item
 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 60 

i 

NOTE
REGARDING REFERENCES TO OUR COMPANY 

Throughout
this Form 10-K, the words we, us, our, the Company and Microbot 
refer to Microbot Medical Inc., including our directly and indirectly wholly owned subsidiary. Unless the context otherwise requires,
the historical business, financial statements and operations of Microbot include Microbot Medical Ltd., an Israeli corporation Microbot
Israel which became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company on November 28, 2016. 

Risk
Factors Summary 

The
following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. A more thorough
discussion of these and other risks are listed under the section entitled Risk Factors commencing on page 20. 

Risks
Relating to Microbot s Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 

There is substantial doubt regarding on our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We are subject to litigation, which may divert management s attention
and, in the event of an adverse judgment or settlement for some or all of the 6,750,000 being litigated, will have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and our ability to continue our operations. 

Microbot has had no revenue
 and has incurred significant operating losses since inception and is expected to continue to incur significant operating losses for
 the foreseeable future. The Company may never become profitable or, if achieved, be able to sustain profitability. 

Microbot has a limited
 operating history outside of being a research and development-stage company, which may make it difficult to evaluate the prospects
 for the Company s future viability. 

Microbot needs additional
 funding. If Microbot is unable to raise capital when needed, it could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate its product development
 programs or commercialization efforts. 

An epidemic of the coronavirus
 disease is ongoing and may result in significant disruptions to our clinical trials or other business operations, which could have
 a material adverse effect on our business. 

Risks
Relating to the Development and Commercialization of Microbot s Product Candidates 

Unsuccessful animal studies,
 clinical trials or procedures relating to product candidates under development could have a material adverse effect on Microbot s
 prospects. 

Microbot s business
 depends heavily on the success of its lead product candidate, the LIBERTY . If Microbot is unable to commercialize
 the LIBERTY, or experiences significant delays in doing so, Microbot s business will be materially harmed. 

The results of Microbot s
 research and development efforts are uncertain and there can be no assurance of the commercial success of Microbot s product
 candidates. 

Microbot s ability to expand its technology platforms for other uses,
including endovascular, cardiovascular and neurosurgery, may be limited. 

Microbot s One Done
 technology is subject to a buy-back clause which, if triggered, could cause us to lose rights to the technology and delay or curtail
 the development of our products. 

If the commercial opportunity
 for LIBERTY and any other commercial products that may be developed by Microbot is smaller than Microbot anticipates, Microbot s
 future revenue from LIBERTY and such other products will be adversely affected and Microbot s business will suffer. 

Customers will be unlikely
 to buy the LIBERTY or any other product candidates unless Microbot can demonstrate that they can be produced for sale to consumers
 at attractive prices. 

Microbot will rely on third
 party design houses for the redesign of the One Done guidewire to other specific indications. 

Microbot has relied on,
 and intends to continue to rely on, third-party manufacturers to produce its product candidates. 

If Microbot s product
 candidates are not considered to be a safe and effective alternative to existing technologies, Microbot will not be commercially
 successful. 

Microbot may be subject
 to penalties and may be precluded from marketing its product candidates if Microbot fails to comply with extensive governmental regulations. 

If Microbot is not able
 to both obtain and maintain adequate levels of third-party reimbursement for procedures involving its product candidates after they
 are approved for marketing and launched commercially, it would have a material adverse effect on Microbot s business. 

1 

Clinical outcome studies
 for the LIBERTY may not provide sufficient data to make Microbot s product candidates the standard of care. 

Microbot products may in
 the future be subject to mandatory product recalls that could harm its reputation, business and financial results. 

If Microbot s future
 commercialized products cause or contribute to a death or a serious injury, Microbot will be subject to Medical Device Reporting
 regulations, which can result in voluntary corrective actions or agency enforcement actions. 

Microbot could be exposed
 to significant liability claims if Microbot is unable to obtain insurance at acceptable costs and adequate levels or otherwise protect
 itself against potential product liability claims. 

If Microbot fails to retain
 certain of its key personnel and attract and retain additional qualified personnel, Microbot might not be able to pursue its growth
 strategy effectively. 

Risks
Relating to Microbot s Intellectual Property 

Termination of the license with respect to one or more of our technology
platforms may result in Microbot ceasing its development efforts for the applicable product candidate(s). 

Microbot may not meet its
 product candidates development and commercialization objectives in a timely manner or at all. 

Intellectual property litigation
 and infringement claims could cause Microbot to incur significant expenses or prevent Microbot from selling certain of its product
 candidates. 

If Microbot or TRDF are
 unable to protect the patents or other proprietary rights relating to Microbot s product candidates, or if Microbot infringes
 on the patents or other proprietary rights of others, Microbot s competitiveness and business prospects may be materially damaged. 

Dependence on patent and
 other proprietary rights and failing to protect such rights or to be successful in litigation related to such rights may result in
 Microbot s payment of significant monetary damages or impact offerings in its product portfolios. 

Risks
Relating to Operations in Israel 

Microbot has facilities
 located in Israel, and therefore, political conditions in Israel may affect Microbot s operations and results. 

Political relations could
 limit Microbot s ability to sell or buy internationally. 

Israel s economy
 may become unstable. 

Exchange rate fluctuations
 between the U.S. dollar and the NIS currencies may negatively affect Microbot s operating costs. 

Funding and other benefits
 provided by Israeli government programs may be terminated or reduced in the future and the terms of such funding may have a significant
 impact on future corporate decisions. 

Some of Microbot s
 employees and officers are obligated to perform military reserve duty in Israel. 

It may be difficult to
 enforce a non-Israeli judgment against Microbot or its officers and directors. 

Risks
Relating to Microbot s Securities, Governance and Other Matters 

If we fail to comply with
 the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market, our common stock may be delisted and the price of our common stock
 and our ability to access the capital markets could be negatively impacted. 

Anti-takeover provisions
 in the Company s charter and bylaws under Delaware law may prevent or frustrate attempts by stockholders to change the board
 of directors or current management and could make a third-party acquisition of the Company difficult. 

General
Risks 

Raising additional capital
 may cause dilution to the Company s investors, restrict its operations or require it to relinquish rights to its technologies
 or product candidates. 

Microbot operates in a
 competitive industry and if its competitors have products that are marketed more effectively or develop products, treatments or procedures
 that are similar, more advanced, safer or more effective, its commercial opportunities will be reduced or eliminated, which would
 materially harm its business. 

Our business strategy in
 part relies on identifying, acquiring, and developing complementary technologies and products, which entails risks which could negatively
 affect our business, operations and financial condition. 

Microbot operations in
 international markets involve inherent risks that Microbot may not be able to control. 

Microbot s financial
 results may be affected by fluctuations in exchange rates and Microbot s current currency hedging strategy may not be sufficient
 to counter such fluctuations. 

The market price for our
 Common Stock may be volatile. 

The issuance of shares
 upon exercise of outstanding warrants and options could cause immediate and substantial dilution to existing stockholders. 

2 

PART
I 

Item
1. Description of Business. 

The
Company 

Microbot
is a pre-clinical medical device company specializing in the research, design and development of next generation robotic endoluminal
surgery devices targeting the minimally invasive surgery space. Microbot is primarily focused on leveraging its robotic technologies
with the goal of redefining surgical robotics while improving surgical outcomes for patients. 

Microbot s
current technological platforms, LIBERTY , NovaCross , One Done TM , ViRob TM and TipCAT TM ,
are comprised of proprietary innovative technologies. Utilizing the LIBERTY and One Done platforms, Microbot is developing the
first ever fully disposable robot for various endovascular interventional procedures. In addition, the Company is focused on the development
of a Multi Generation Pipeline Portfolio utilizing all of its proprietary technologies. 

Microbot
has a patent portfolio of 58 issued/allowed patents and 51 patent applications pending worldwide, of which 6 issued/allowed patents and
34 patent applications relate to the LIBERTY device. 

We
were incorporated on August 2, 1988 in the State of Delaware under the name Cellular Transplants, Inc. The original Certificate of Incorporation
was restated on February 14, 1992 to change our name to CytoTherapeutics, Inc. On May 24, 2000, the Certificate of Incorporation as restated
was further amended to change our name to StemCells, Inc. On November 28, 2016, C RD Israel Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours,
completed its merger with and into Microbot Medical Ltd., or Microbot Israel, an Israeli corporation that then owned our assets and operated
our current business, with Microbot Israel surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of ours. We refer to this transaction as the Merger.
On November 28, 2016, in connection with the Merger, we changed our name from StemCells, Inc. to Microbot Medical Inc.,
and each outstanding share of Microbot Israel capital stock was converted into the right to receive shares of our common stock. In addition,
all outstanding options to purchase the ordinary shares of Microbot Israel were assumed by us and converted into options to purchase
shares of the common stock of Microbot Medical Inc. On November 29, 2016, our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market
under the symbol MBOT . Prior to the Merger, we were a biopharmaceutical company that operated in one segment, the research,
development, and commercialization of stem cell therapeutics and related technologies. Substantially all of the material assets relating
to the stem cell business were sold on November 29, 2016. 

Technological
Platforms and Product Pipeline 

LIBERTY 

On
January 13, 2020, Microbot unveiled what it believes is the world s first fully disposable robotic system for use in endovascular
interventional procedures, such as cardiovascular, peripheral and neurovascular. The LIBERTY robotic system features a unique compact
design with the capability to be operated remotely, reduce radiation exposure and physical strain to the physician, reduce the risk of
cross contamination, as well as the potential to eliminate the use of multiple consumables when used with its One Done 
capabilities, which would be based in part on our One Done and NovaCross platforms or possibly other guidewire/microcatheter technologies. 

LIBERTY
is designed to maneuver guidewires and over-the-wire devices (such as microcatheters) within the body s vasculature. It eliminates
the need for extensive capital equipment requiring dedicated Cath-lab rooms as well as dedicated staff. In addition, when combined with
our One Done technology or possibly other guidewire/microcatheter technologies, it is being designed to streamline Cath-lab procedures
with tools that combines guidewire and microcatheter into a single device. With control over tip curvature and stiffness for maneuverability
and access and without the need for constant tool exchanges when integrated into the LIBERTY device, the device may drastically
reduce procedure time and costs while enhancing the operator experience. 

3 

We
believe LIBERTY s addressable markets are the Interventional Cardiology, Interventional Radiology and Interventional Neuroradiology
markets. 

The
unique characteristics of LIBERTY compact, mobile, disposable and remotely controlled - open the opportunity of expanding telerobotic
interventions to patients with limited access to life-saving procedures, such as mechanical thrombectomy in ischemic stroke. 

LIBERTY
is being designed to have the following attributes: 

Compact
 size - Eliminates the need for large capital equipment in dedicated cath-lab rooms with dedicated
 staff. 

Fully
 disposable - To our knowledge, the first and only fully disposable, robotic system for endovascular
 procedures. 

Streamlines
 Cath-lab procedures Can be made compatible with Microbot s unique One 
 Done tool and/or NitiLoop s NovaCross products or possibly other guidewire/microcatheter
 technologies, that combines guidewire and microcatheter into a single device. The One
 Done tool, when integrated into the system, is expected to provide full control
 over tip curvature and stiffness for maneuverability and access without the need for constant
 tool exchanges, while enhancing the operator experience. 

State
 of the art maneuverability - Provides linear, rotational and tip control of its One 
 Done tool when integrated into the system, as well as linear motion for an additional over
 the wire device. 

Compatibility
 with a wide range of commercially-available guidewires, microcatheters and guide-catheters. 

Enhanced
 operator safety and comfort Aims to reduce exposure to ionizing radiation and the
 need for heavy lead vests otherwise to be worn during procedures, as well as reducing the
 exposure to Hospital Acquired Infections (HAI). 

Ease
 of use - LIBERTY s intuitive remote controls aims to simplify advanced procedures while
 shortening the physician s learning curve. 

Telemedicine
 compatible - Capable of supporting tele-catheterization, carried out remotely by highly trained
 specialists. 

On
August 17, 2020, Microbot announced the successful conclusion of its feasibility animal study using the LIBERTY robotic system. The study
met all of its end points with no intraoperative adverse events, which supports Microbot s objectives to allow physicians to conduct
a catheter-based procedure from outside the catheterization laboratory (cath-lab), avoiding radiation exposure, physical strain and the
risk of cross contamination. The study was performed by two leading physicians in the neuro vascular and peripheral vascular intervention
spaces, and the results demonstrated robust navigation capabilities, intuitive usability and accurate deployment of embolic agents, most
of which was conducted remotely from the cath-lab s control room. 

On
December 22, 2021, we entered into a strategic collaboration agreement for technology co-development with Stryker Corporation, acting
through its Neurovascular Division. Pursuant to the agreement, the collaborative development program between Stryker and us aims to integrate
certain of Stryker s instruments with our LIBERTY Robotic System to address certain neurovascular procedures. The activities contemplated
by the Agreement shall be specified in one or more development plans derived from the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement.
We are still determining scheduling to move the collaboration forward. 

In
the first quarter of 2022, we filed our pre-submission package for the LIBERTY Robotic System with the FDA, addressing the regulatory
pathway for the LIBERTY Robotic System. 

In
March 2022, we held a laboratory session at a Boston-based academic center, at which several interventional radiologists attended. The
session was designed to give the radiologists first-hand experience using the LIBERTY Robotic System. The system performed as expected
on a vascular model and the positive real-time commentary provided to the Company s clinical team was invaluable. 

4 

On
October 13, 2022, we announced the completion of a pre-clinical animal study that was conducted in September 2022. The study was performed
by a team of Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs) in the endovascular space at a research laboratory with FDA-required levels of planning, controlling,
monitoring, and reporting (GLP standards), using a porcine model. During the animal study, the physicians conducted pre-determined 63
navigations to the targeted sites using the LIBERTY Robotic System and performed an equal number of procedures manually. The performance
endpoint of the LIBERTY Robotic System after robotic navigation was successfully completed for 58 out of the 63 targets (92 ), while
3 of the targets (4.8 were not completed due to technical issues and 2 (3.2 were not completed due to fluoroscopy related issues
(non-device related). Post navigation intra-operative selective angiograms of the target vessels showed no definite evidence of acute
vascular injury. Follow up angiograms of these vessels in post-procedure day-three showed normal vessel anatomy without signs of injury.
Initial postmortem gross pathology examination of some of the target organs showed preliminary findings, which will be further investigated
in the second quarter of 2023 in the pending histopathology analysis, and potentially an additional pre-clinical study. 

In
addition to the objective measurements, the performance and usability of the LIBERTY Robotic System were subjectively graded by each
of the physicians, with their assessments accounting for features such as ease of navigation to the target, learning curve, and system
stability. For the target sites reached, the physicians graded the LIBERTY Robotic system at the highest grade. The histopathology analysis
of the target vessels was completed, and we are currently studying these results. 

In
October 2022, we submitted a follow-up pre-submission package for the LIBERTY Robotic System to ensure that we remain
aligned with the FDA as we prepare for our Investigational Device Exemption (IDE) submission and first-in-human clinical trial with the
system, expected in 2023. 

We
are continuously exploring and evaluating additional innovative guidewire/microcatheter technologies to be integrated and combined with
the LIBERTY robotic platform. 

One
 Done TM Technology 

On
April 8, 2018, we acquired a patent-protected technology from CardioSert Ltd., a privately-held medical device company based in Israel
that was part of a technological incubator supported by the Israel Innovation Authorities. The CardioSert technology contemplates a combination
of a guidewire and microcatheter, technologies that are broadly used for surgery within a tubular organ or structure such as a blood
vessel or duct. The CardioSert technology features a unique guidewire delivery system with steering and stiffness control capabilities
which when developed is expected to give the physician the ability to control the tip curvature, to adjust tip load to varying degrees
of stiffness in a gradually continuous manner. The technology was originally developed to support interventional cardiologists in crossing
chronic total occlusions (CTO) during percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) procedures and has the potential to be used in other spaces
and applications, such as peripheral intervention, and neurosurgery. Our CardioSert tool is now trademarked as One Done TM . 

Microbot
is currently exploring the integration of the One Done TM technology into the LIBERTY endovascular robotic system for
a range of potential applications in the cardiovascular, peripheral vascular and neurovascular spaces. 

NovaCross 

On
October 6, 2022, we purchased substantially all of the assets, including intellectual property, devices, components and product related
materials of Nitiloop Ltd., an Israeli limited liability company. The assets include intellectual property and technology in the field
of intraluminal revascularization devices with anchoring mechanism and integrated microcatheter, and the products or potential products
incorporating the technology owned by Nitiloop and designated by Nitiloop as NovaCross , NovaCross Xtreme 
and NovaCross BTK and any enhancements, modifications and improvements. 

5 

ViRob 

The
ViRob is an autonomous crawling micro-robot which can be controlled remotely or within the body. Its miniature dimensions are expected
to allow it to navigate and crawl in different natural spaces within the human body, including blood vessels, the digestive tract and
the respiratory system as well as artificial spaces such as shunts, catheters, ports, etc. Its unique structure is expected to give it
the ability to move in tight spaces and curved passages as well as the ability to remain within the human body for prolonged time. The
SCS product was developed using the ViRob technology. 

On
October 11, 2022, we announced that we are planning to focus our strategic efforts on the growing endovascular space and advancing the
LIBERTY Robotic System to achieve its regulatory and commercial milestones, as well as expanding the LIBERTY ecosystem, and made a strategic
decision to suspend the continued research and development of the SCS project, effective at that date. The SCS generally performed as
expected during testing, both internally and externally, and we believe it continues to have potential clinical value as evidenced by
the pre-clinical data submitted to the FDA, which allowed us to successfully apply for the Early Feasibility Study program administered
by the FDA. However, the conflicting commercialization pathways between LIBERTY and the SCS due to different hospital call points, and
the anticipated lengthier regulatory process of the SCS, led us to believe that focusing our strategic efforts on the LIBERTY Robotic
System will provide us with a greater opportunity for success and future growth. We are exploring opportunities with the SCS assets with
the focus on maximizing shareholders value, including seeking buyers for the assets, entering into joint ventures, licensing arrangements,
spinning-off the assets into a new operating company or discontinue the project altogether. 

TipCAT 

The
TipCAT is a disposable self-propelled locomotive device that is specially designed to advance in tubular anatomies. The TipCAT is a mechanism
comprising a series of interconnected balloons at the device s tip that provides the TipCAT with its forward locomotion capability.
The device can self-propel within natural tubular lumens such as the blood vessels, respiratory and the urinary and GI tracts. A single
channel of air/fluid supply sequentially inflates and deflates a series of balloons creating an inchworm like forward motion. The TipCAT
maintains a standard working channel for treatments. Unlike standard access devices such as guidewires, catheters for vascular access
and endoscopes, the TipCAT does not need to be pushed into the patient s lumen using external pressure; rather, it will gently
advance itself through the organ s anatomy. As a result, the TipCAT is designed to be able to reach every part of the lumen under
examination regardless of the topography, be less operator dependent, and greatly reduce the likelihood of damage to lumen structure.
The TipCAT thus offers functionality features equivalent to modern tubular access devices, along with advantages associated with its
physiologically adapted self-propelling mechanism, flexibility, and design. 

Currently,
Microbot is not pursuing the development of the TipCAT as a colonoscopy tool due to its focus on the endovascular intervention spaces,
and as such it is currently exploring the use of the TipCAT for minimally invasive neurosurgical and endovascular applications to complement
its other technologies. 

Industry
Overview 

Minimally
Invasive Robot-Assisted Endovascular Interventions 

Minimally
Invasive Surgery, or MIS, refers to surgical procedures performed through tiny incisions instead of a single large opening. Because the
incisions are small, patients tend to have quicker recovery times and experience less trauma than with conventional surgery. The global
MIS surgery is expected to grow from 24 billion in 2020 to 42 billion in 2026, representing a CAGR of 9.85 . MIS involves three major
categories of devices: surgical, monitoring and visualization, and endoscopy. The market for surgical devices, including ablation, electrosurgery
and medical robotic systems, accounts for the largest share of revenue and is also expected to show the highest rate of growth. According
to the Society of Robotic Surgery, the US market growth in endoluminal robotic surgery is projected to be 15-25 by 2025. 

6 

Vascular
disease is the most common precursor to ischemic heart disease and stroke, which are two of the leading causes of death worldwide. Advances
in endovascular intervention in recent years have transformed patient survival rates and post-surgical quality of life. It is estimated
that more than three million percutaneous coronary interventions (PCI) and over two million of peripheral vascular interventions are
performed annually worldwide. The incidence of stroke in the US alone is estimated at 900,000 cases annually. Compared to open surgery,
it has the advantages of faster recovery, reduced need for general anesthesia, reduced blood loss and significantly lower mortality.
However, the current practice of endovascular procedures, which virtually has remained unchanged since the introduction of Intervention
four decades ago, is limited by a number of factors, including physical strain and exposure to X-Ray radiation of the operator, and involves
complex maneuvering of intervention tools, such as guidewires and catheters, to reach target areas in the vasculature. Despite recent
advancements in technology and devices, manual procedures are still highly dependent on the technical skills and training of the operator,
what makes the access to expert medical centers and advanced emergent treatments, such as endovascular thrombectomy for acute ischemic
stroke, geographically limited. In addition, we believe that demand for physicians continues to grow faster than supply. 

Endovascular
robotic systems are aimed to increase the stability and precision of guidewires and catheters, protecting the physicians from ionizing
radiation and physical strain by removing them from the radiation source, helping in closing shortages of skilled physicians and skill
gaps and enable tele-interventions (e.g. the Hub Spoke hospital model). 

Today,
there are only a few commercially available robotic systems for endovascular interventions. We believe these systems have major drawbacks,
such as limited maneuverability, the requirement to exchange and use multiple expensive surgical tools, being cumbersome to set-up and
operate, and requiring significant capital expenditures. 

Navigating
and placing access devices through tortuous and highly delicate brain arteries is a complex procedure that requires high-level surgical
skills with specialist training. In many procedures, surgeons exchange numerous access devices before reaching the target and applying
the therapeutic agent or device, increasing the risk of adverse events and the exposure of both patient and physician to radiation. Adverse
events, such as perforation of brain arteries or the release of embolies from a thrombus or atherosclerotic lesion can have devastating
or even fatal results. 

Microbot
believes that with its portfolio of One Done, NovaCross products and LIBERTY technologies, it is well-positioned to explore and
develop such technologies as neurovascular access devices, with a focus on improving the ease and access and enhancing the safety of
endovascular interventions. 

Strategy 

Microbot s
goal is to generate sales of its products, once they have received regulatory approval, by establishing, LIBERTY and perhaps other devices
from its technological platforms, as the standard-of-care in the eyes of medical practitioners, patients and medical facilities, as well
as getting the support of payors and insurance companies. Microbot believes that it can achieve this objective by working with hospitals
to demonstrate the key benefits of its products. Microbot s strategy includes the following key elements: 

Continue to refine existing
 product candidates and develop additional surgical robotic solutions . As Microbot prepares to bring its initial product candidates
 through pre-clinical and clinical trials, if necessary, and eventually to market, it continues to focus on improving its product
 candidates to respond to clinical data and patient and physician feedback. Microbot also expects to continue to innovate in the surgical
 robotics field by continuing to find ways of using its technology to solve unmet needs, with the overarching goal of providing a
 safer, more effective and more efficient surgical environment for patients and physicians. 

Establish and leverage
 relationships with key institutions and leading clinicians . Microbot s objective will be to maintain clinical focus with
 leading hospitals and clinics so as to establish LIBERTY, as well as possibly other future products, as the standard of care in such
 institutions for their respective procedures. Microbot also expects to identify key clinicians with the relevant specialties (for
 instance interventional radiology) with the expectation that such clinical focus will accelerate the adoption of its candidate products. 

Continuously invest
 in research and development . Microbot s most significant expense has historically been research and development, and Microbot
 expects that this will continue in the foreseeable future, including expenses it expects to incur to improve on its prototype products
 in order to respond to clinical data, to develop additional applications using its technologies and to develop future product candidates. 

Explore partnerships
 for the introduction of Microbot s products . Microbot intends to focus its marketing and sales efforts initially on pursuing
 collaborations with global medical device companies that have established sales and distribution networks. Microbot will seek to
 enter collaborations and partnerships with strategic players that offer synergies with Microbot s product candidates and expertise. 

Seek additional IP and
 technologies to complement and strengthen Microbot s current IP portfolio . Microbot intends to continue exploring new technologies,
 IP and know-how to add to its current portfolio through licensing, mergers and/or acquisitions and to allow Microbot to enter new
 spaces and strengthen its overall product portfolio. 

7 

Competition 

LIBERTY
Competitive Landscape 

We
believe the main competitor to the LIBERTY system is the CorPath GRX vascular robotics system by Corindus Vascular Robotics, a Siemens
Healthineers company. To our knowledge, CorPath GRX system is FDA-approved and CE-marked for percutaneous coronary and vascular procedures,
is CE-marked for neurovascular interventions and is pending FDA approval for neurovascular interventions. Another competitor is Robocath
(CE Marked for PCI only). We believe these systems have drawbacks, such as limited maneuverability, the requirement to exchange and use
multiple expensive surgical tools, being cumbersome to set-up and operate, and requiring significant capital expenditures. We further
believe that these systems have captured a marginal market share to date. 

Microbot s
existing and planned products could also be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by technological advances developed in the future by existing
or new competitors. Some of Microbot s competitors currently have significantly greater resources than Microbot does; have established
relationships with healthcare professionals, customers and third-party payors; and have long-term contracts with group purchasing organizations
in the United States. In addition, many of Microbot s competitors have established distributor networks, greater resources for
product development, sales and marketing, additional lines of products and the ability to offer financial incentives such as rebates,
bundled products or discounts on other product lines that Microbot cannot provide. 

One
 Done TM Competitive Landscape 

Competition
includes moveable-core guidewires from companies such as Boston Scientific and Rapid Medical, and steerable and deflectable sheaths and
catheters from companies such as Bendit Technologies, Agile Devices and Merit Medical. To our knowledge, the One Done device is
the only device that combines an inner moveable guidewire and an outer microcatheter, with the ability to control the shape and stiffness
of the distal tip in a continuous, gradual manner, and intends to compete on that basis. 

TipCAT
Competitive Landscape 

Microbot
has not at this time completed its evaluation of the current competitive landscape in the endovascular space for potential uses of the
TipCAT. 

Intellectual
Property 

General 

The
SCS and TipCAT are based on technological platforms licensed from The Technion Research and Development Foundation Ltd., or TRDF, as
further discussed below. The LIBERTY platform core technology is co-owned by Microbot and TRDF. The One Done TM device
is based on technologies acquired by Microbot from CardioSert. The NovaCross device is based on technologies acquired
by Microbot from Nitiloop Ltd. Microbot plans to develop other medical-robotic solutions through internal research and development, to
strengthen its intellectual property position, and to continue exploring strategic collaborations and accretive acquisition opportunities.
Microbot currently holds an intellectual property portfolio of 58 patents issued/allowed and 48 patent applications pending worldwide.
Microbot also holds 5 design patents issued/allowed and 6 design patents pending worldwide. It also has registered trademarks in Israel,
Europe and the US relating to its LIBERTY platform, and also has trademarks relating to its proprietary Microbot Medical tradename and
logo registered in Israel, Europe, and the UK, and pending in the US and China, in addition to having registered trademarks for the One
 Done name in Israel, Europe and Japan, and pending in the US, UK, China, and Japan. Microbot also has a registered trademark
in the US for the newly acquired NovaCross trademark. 

8 

Microbot
relies or intends to rely on intellectual property licensed or developed, including patents, trade secrets, trademarks, technical innovations,
laws of unfair competition and various licensing agreements, to provide its future growth, to build its competitive position and to protect
its technology. As Microbot continues to expand its intellectual property portfolio, it is critical for Microbot to continue to invest
in filing patent applications to protect its technology, inventions, and improvements. 

Microbot
requires its employees and consultants to execute confidentiality agreements in connection with their employment or consulting relationships
with Microbot. Microbot also requires its employees and consultants who work on its product candidates to agree to disclose and assign
to Microbot all inventions conceived during the term of their service, while using Microbot property, or which relate to Microbot s
business. 

Patent
applications in the United States and in foreign countries are maintained in secrecy for a period of time after filing, which results
in a delay between the filing date of the patent applications and the time when they are published. Patents issued and patent applications
filed relating to medical devices are numerous, and there can be no assurance that current and potential competitors and other third
parties have not filed or in the future will not file applications for, or have not received or in the future will not receive, patents
or obtain additional proprietary rights relating to product candidates, products, devices or processes used or proposed to be used by
Microbot. Microbot believes that the technologies it employs in its products and systems do not infringe the valid claims of any third-party
patents. There can be no assurance, however, that third parties will not seek to assert that Microbot devices and systems infringe their
patents or seek to expand their patent claims to cover aspects of Microbot s products and systems. 

The
medical device industry in general has been characterized by substantial litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property
rights. Any such claims, regardless of their merit, could be time-consuming and expensive to respond to and could divert Microbot s
technical and management personnel. Microbot may be involved in litigation to defend against claims of infringement by other patent holders,
to enforce patents issued to Microbot, or to protect Microbot s trade secrets. If any relevant claims of third-party patents are
upheld as valid and enforceable in any litigation or administrative proceeding, Microbot could be prevented from practicing the subject
matter claimed in such patents, or would be required to obtain licenses from the patent owners of each such patent, or to redesign Microbot s
products, devices or processes to avoid infringement. There can be no assurance that such licenses would be available or, if available,
would be available on terms acceptable to Microbot or that Microbot would be successful in any attempt to redesign products or processes
to avoid infringement. Accordingly, an adverse determination in a judicial or administrative proceeding or failure to obtain necessary
licenses, could potentially prevent Microbot from manufacturing and selling its products. 

Microbot s
issued U.S. patents, which cover Microbot s product candidates, will expire between 2026 and 2040, not including any patent term
adjustments that may be available. Issued patents outside of the United States directed to Microbot s product candidates will expire
between 2026 and 2040. 

License
Agreement with the Technion 

In
June 2012, Microbot entered into a license agreement with TRDF, the technology transfer subsidiary of The Technion Institute of Technology,
pursuant to which it obtained an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-bearing, sub-licensable license to certain patents and inventions relating
to the SCS and TipCAT technology platforms invented by Professor Moshe Shoham, a former director of and an advisor to the Company, and
in certain circumstances other TRDF-related persons. Pursuant to the terms of the license agreement, in order to maintain the license
with respect to each platform, Microbot must use commercially reasonable efforts to develop products covered by the license, including
meeting certain agreed upon development milestones. The milestone for the TipCAT include commencing first in human clinical trials in
December 2023. The milestones for the SCS include commencing first in human clinical trials by December 2024, and commencing a pivotal
study by June 2027. Failure to meet any development milestone will give TRDF the right to terminate the license with respect to the technology
underlying the missed milestone. 

As
partial consideration for the grant of the licenses under the agreement, Microbot issued a number of shares to TRDF equal to 3 of its
issued and outstanding shares at such time on a fully diluted basis. Such shares were initially subject to antidilution protections but
are no longer subject to adjustment. In addition, as partial consideration for the licenses granted, Microbot agreed to pay TRDF royalties
of between 1.5 and 3.0 of net sales of products covered by the licenses, subject to certain reductions, and certain percentages of
amounts received by Microbot in the event of sublicensing. 

9 

In
the case of termination of the license by Microbot without cause or by TRDF for cause, TRDF has the right to receive a non-exclusive
license from Microbot with respect to improvements to the licensed technologies made by Microbot. In such cases, TRDF would pay a royalty
of 10 of the income received by TRDF in connection its sublicensing of such patent right and related intellectual property. If the license
from TRDF were to be terminated with respect with either of the technology platforms underlying the SCS or the TipCAT, Microbot would
no longer be able to continue its development of the related product candidate. However, Microbot believes that its current intellectual
property portfolio, and its ongoing efforts to expand into other micro-robotic surgical technologies, will give it the flexibility to
shift its resources towards developing and commercializing related products. 

In
addition to the licensed SCS and TipCAT technologies, the LIBERTY platform, which was invented by employees of Microbot together with
Professor Moshe Shoham of the Technion, in his capacity as a consultant to Microbot, is co-owned by Microbot and TRDF, and the parties established the LIBERTY platform as a Joint Invention in accordance with the terms of the
License Agreement. Once the Joint Invention is established, Microbot will have to pay TRDF royalties of between 1.5 and 3.0 of net
sales of products covered by this Joint Invention. 

Research
and Development 

Microbot s
research and development programs are generally pursued by engineers and scientists employed by Microbot in its offices in Israel on
a full-time basis or as consultants, or through partnerships with industry leaders in manufacturing and design and researchers in academia.
Microbot is also working with subcontractors in developing specific components of its technologies. 

The
primary objectives of Microbot s research and development efforts are to continue to introduce incremental enhancements to the
capabilities of its candidate products and to advance the development of proposed products. 

Microbot
Israel has received grants from the Israeli Innovation Authority IIA for participation in research and development
since 2013 through December 31, 2022 totaling approximately 1,500,000. In addition, on January 4, 2018, Microbot Israel assumed the
repayment obligations under CardioSert s IIA grants in the aggregate amount of approximately 530,000, and on October 6, 2022,
Microbot Israel assumed the repayment obligations under Nitiloop s IIA grants in the aggregate amount of approximately
 925,000. 

In
relation to the IIA grants described above, we are obligated to pay royalties amounting to 3.0 -3.5 of our future sales of the products
relating to such grants. The grants are linked to the exchange rate of the dollar to the New Israeli Shekel and bear interest of Libor
per annum. 

The
repayment of the grants is contingent upon the successful completion of the Company s research and development programs and generating
sales. The Company has no obligation to repay these grants, if the project fails, is unsuccessful or aborted or if no sales are generated.
The financial risk is assumed completely by the Government of Israel. The grants are received from the Government on a project-by-project
basis. 

Microbot
expects to continue to access government funding in the future. 

For
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, Microbot incurred research and development expenses of approximately
 7,736,000 and 6,153,000. 

Strategic
collaboration agreement with Stryker 

On
December 22, 2021, the Company entered into a strategic collaboration agreement for technology co-development with Stryker Corporation,
acting through its Neurovascular Division. Pursuant to the agreement, the collaborative development program between the Company and Stryker
aims to integrate certain of Stryker s instruments with the Company s LIBERTY Robotic System to address certain neurovascular
procedures. The parties conducted discussions to define the development plan and are considering next steps. 

10 

LIBERTY 

The
LIBERTY prototype system was tested at our laboratories in an in-vitro silicone model, using off-the-shelf guidewires and microcatheters,
and showing an ability to successfully provide linear and rotational movements of the guidewires and linear motion of the microcatheters.
During 2022, we conducted several simulated trials using silicone models as well as animal trials to validate the design and obtain valuable
feedback. 

The
LIBERTY prototype is designed to control the One Done TM tool; however, the One Done TM tool is not currently
expected to be integrated into the current version of the LIBERTY device. Future versions are expected to control the NovaCross products
that were acquired by us in 2022. Additionally, we are exploring and evaluating additional innovative guidewire/microcatheter technologies
to be integrated and combined with the LIBERTY robotic platform to further enhance the performance of the system. 

Since
the One Done TM tool was originally designed for chronic total occlusion, we are currently working with subcontractors
and guidewire design-houses to perfect the performance of the One Done TM tool to the indication that will be selected
for the LIBERTY platform. These may include procedures in the peripheral, coronary or neurovascular spaces. 

SCS 

See
 Technological Platforms and Product Pipeline ViRob above with respect to the SCS technology and research and
development status. 

Manufacturing 

Microbot
does not have any manufacturing facilities or manufacturing personnel. Microbot currently relies, and expects to continue to rely, on
third parties for the manufacturing of its product candidates for preclinical and clinical testing, as well as for commercial manufacturing
if its product candidates receive marketing approval. 

During
2022 Microbot initiated the transfer to production by means of designing and building molds for plastic injection of parts which is a
more cost-effective method for producing high quantities compared to conventional machined production of these parts. Some molds are
already operative while others are being designed and built. We expect completing the molds during 2023. 

Also,
Microbot Medical initiated discussions with subcontractor that we believe are suited to assemble and test our products under applicable
regulatory requirements and regulations. 

Commercialization 

Microbot
has not yet established a sales, marketing or product distribution infrastructure for its product candidates, which are still in development
stages. Microbot plans to access the U.S. markets with its initial device offerings through strategic partnerships but may develop its
own focused, specialized sales force or distribution channels once it has several commercialized products in its portfolio. Microbot
has not yet developed a commercial strategy outside of the United States. 

11 

Government
Regulation 

General 

Microbot s
medical technology products and operations are subject to extensive regulation in the United States and other countries. Most notably,
if Microbot seeks to sell its products in the United States, its products will be subject to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act
(FDCA) as implemented and enforced by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The FDA regulates the development, bench and clinical
testing, manufacturing, labeling, storage, record-keeping, promotion, marketing, sales, distribution and post-market support and reporting
of medical devices in the United States to ensure that medical products distributed domestically are safe and effective for their intended
uses. Regulatory policy affecting its products can change at any time. 

Advertising
and promotion of medical devices in the United States, in addition to being regulated by the FDA, are also regulated by the Federal Trade
Commission and by state regulatory and enforcement authorities. Recently, promotional activities for FDA-regulated products of other
companies have been the subject of enforcement action brought under healthcare reimbursement laws and consumer protection statutes. In
addition, under the federal Lanham Act and similar state laws, competitors and others can initiate litigation relating to advertising
claims. 

Foreign
countries where Microbot wishes to sell its products may require similar or more onerous approvals to manufacture or market its products.
Government agencies in those countries also enforce laws and regulations that govern the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling,
advertising, marketing and distribution, and market surveillance of medical device products. These regulatory requirements can change
rapidly with relatively short notice. 

Other
regulations Microbot encounters in the United States and in other jurisdictions are the regulations that are common to all businesses,
such as employment legislation, implied warranty laws, and environmental, health and safety standards, to the extent applicable. In the
future, Microbot will also encounter industry-specific government regulations that would govern its products, if and when they are developed
for commercial use. 

U.S.
Regulation 

The
FDA governs the following activities that Microbot performs, will perform, upon the clearance or approval of its product candidates,
or that are performed on its behalf, to ensure that medical products distributed domestically or exported internationally are safe and
effective for their intended uses: 

product design, and development; 

product safety, testing,
 labeling and storage; 

record keeping procedures;
 and 

product marketing. 

There
are numerous FDA regulatory requirements governing the approval or clearance and subsequent commercial marketing of Microbot s
products. These include: 

the timely submission of
 product listing and establishment registration information, along with associated establishment user fees; 

continued compliance with
 the Quality System Regulation, or QSR, which require specification developers and manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers,
 to follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during all aspects of the manufacturing
 process; 

labeling regulations and
 FDA prohibitions against the promotion of products for uncleared, unapproved or off-label use or indication; 

12 

clearance or approval of
 product modifications that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device or that would constitute a major
 change in intended use; 

Medical Device Reporting
 regulations (MDR), which require that manufacturers keep detailed records of investigations or complaints against their devices and
 to report to the FDA if their device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would
 likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur; 

adequate use of the Corrective
 and Preventive Actions process to identify and correct or prevent significant systemic failures of products or processes or in trends
 which suggest same; 

post-approval restrictions
 or conditions, including post-approval study commitments; 

post-market surveillance
 regulations, which apply when necessary to protect the public health or to provide additional safety and effectiveness data for the
 device; and 

notices of correction or
 removal and recall regulations. 

Unless
an exemption applies, before Microbot can commercially distribute medical devices in the United States, Microbot must obtain, depending
on the classification of the device, either prior 510(k) clearance, 510(k) de-novo clearance or premarket approval (PMA), from the FDA.
The FDA classifies medical devices into one of three classes based on the degree of risk associated with each medical device and the
extent of regulatory controls needed to ensure the device s safety and effectiveness: 

Class I devices, which
 are low risk and subject to only general controls (e.g., registration and listing, medical device labeling compliance, MDRs, Quality
 System Regulations, and prohibitions against adulteration and misbranding) and, in some cases, to the 510(k) premarket clearance
 requirements; 

Class II devices, which
 are moderate risk and generally require 510(k) or 510(k) de-novo premarket clearance before they may be commercially marketed in
 the United States as well as general controls and potentially special controls like performance standards or specific labeling requirements;
 and 

Class III devices, which
 are devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risk, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting or implantable devices, or devices
 deemed not substantially equivalent to a predicate device. Class III devices generally require the submission and approval of a PMA
 supported by clinical trial data. 

Microbot
expects the medical products in its pipeline currently to be classified as Class II. Class II devices are those for which general controls
alone are insufficient to provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness and there is sufficient information to establish special
controls. Special controls can include performance standards, post-market surveillance, patient histories and FDA guidance documents.
Premarket review and clearance by the FDA for these devices is generally accomplished through the 510(k) or 510(k) de-novo premarket
notification process. As part of the 510(k) or 510(k) de-novo notification process, FDA may require the following: 

Development of comprehensive
 product description and indications for use; 

Comprehensive review of
 predicate devices and development of data supporting the new product s substantial equivalence to one or more predicate devices;
 and 

If appropriate and required,
 certain types of clinical trials (IDE submission and approval may be required for conducting a clinical trial in the US). 

13 

Clinical
trials involve use of the medical device on human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with current
Good Clinical Practices (GCPs), including the requirement that all research subjects provide informed consent for their participation
in the clinical study. A written protocol with predefined end points, an appropriate sample size and pre-determined patient inclusion
and exclusion criteria, is required before initiating and conducting a clinical trial. All clinical investigations of devices to determine
safety and effectiveness must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s Investigational device Exemption, or IDE, regulations that
among other things, govern investigational device labeling, prohibit promotion of the investigational device, and specify recordkeeping,
reporting and monitoring responsibilities of study sponsors and study investigators. If the device presents a significant risk, 
as defined by the FDA, the agency requires the device sponsor to submit an IDE application, which must become effective prior to commencing
human clinical trials. The IDE will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA denies the application
or notifies the company that the investigation is on hold and may not begin. If the FDA determines that there are deficiencies or other
concerns with an IDE that requires modification, the FDA may permit a clinical trial to proceed under a conditional approval. In addition,
the study must be approved by, and conducted under the oversight of, an Institutional Review Board (IRB) for each clinical site. If the
device presents a non-significant risk to the patient, a sponsor may begin the clinical trial after obtaining approval for the trial
by one or more IRBs without separate approval from the FDA, but it must still follow abbreviated IDE requirements, such as monitoring
the investigation, ensuring that the investigators obtain informed consent, and labeling and record-keeping requirements. 510(k) clearance
typically involves the following: 

Assuming successful completion
 of all required testing, a detailed 510(k) premarket notification or 510(k) de-novo is submitted to the FDA requesting clearance
 to market the product. The notification includes all relevant data from pertinent preclinical and clinical trials, together with
 detailed information relating to the product s manufacturing controls and proposed labeling, and other relevant documentation. 

A 510(k) clearance letter
 from the FDA will authorize commercial marketing of the device for one or more specific indications for use. 

After 510(k) clearance,
 Microbot will be required to comply with a number of post-clearance requirements, including, but not limited to, Medical Device Reporting
 and complaint handling, and, if applicable, reporting of corrective actions. Also, quality control and manufacturing procedures must
 continue to conform to QSRs. The FDA periodically inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with QSRs, which impose
 extensive procedural, substantive, and record keeping requirements on medical device manufacturers. In addition, changes to the manufacturing
 process are strictly regulated, and, depending on the change, validation activities may need to be performed. Accordingly, manufacturers
 must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain compliance with QSRs and
 other types of regulatory controls. 

After a device receives
 510(k) clearance from the FDA, any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute
 a major change in its intended use or technological characteristics, requires a new 510(k) clearance or could require a PMA. The
 FDA requires each manufacturer to make the determination of whether a modification requires a new 510(k) notification or PMA in the
 first instance, but the FDA can review any such decision. If the FDA disagrees with a manufacturer s decision not to seek a
 new 510(k) clearance or PMA for a particular change, the FDA may retroactively require the manufacturer to seek 510(k) clearance
 or PMA. The FDA can also require the manufacturer to cease U.S. marketing and/or recall the modified device until additional 510(k)
 clearance or PMA approval is obtained. 

The FDA and the Federal
 Trade Commission, or FTC, will also regulate the advertising claims of Microbot s products to ensure that the claims Microbot
 makes are consistent with its regulatory clearances, that there is scientific data to substantiate the claims and that product advertising
 is neither false nor misleading. 

To
obtain 510(k) clearance, Microbot must submit a notification to the FDA demonstrating that its proposed device is substantially equivalent
to a predicate device (i.e., a device that was in commercial distribution before May 28, 1976, a device that has been reclassified from
Class III to Class I or Class II, or a 510(k)-cleared device). The FDA s 510(k) clearance process generally takes from three to
12 months from the date the application is submitted but also can take significantly longer. If the FDA determines that the device or
its intended use is not substantially equivalent to a predicate device, the device is automatically placed into Class III, requiring
the submission of a PMA. 

There
is no guarantee that the FDA will grant Microbot 510(k) clearance for its pipeline medical device products, and failure to obtain the
necessary clearances for its products would adversely affect Microbot s ability to grow its business. Delays in receipt or failure
to receive the necessary clearances, or the failure to comply with existing or future regulatory requirements, could reduce its business
prospects. 

14 

Devices
that cannot be cleared through the 510(k) process due to lack of a predicate device but would be considered low or moderate risk may
be eligible for the 510(k) de-novo process. In 1997, the Food and Drug Administration Modernization Act, or FDAMA added the de novo classification
pathway now codified in section 513(f)(2) of the FD C Act. This law established an alternate pathway to classify new devices into
Class I or II that had automatically been placed in Class III after receiving a Not Substantially Equivalent, or NSE, determination in
response to a 510(k) submission. Through this regulatory process, a sponsor who receives an NSE determination may, within 30 days of
receipt, request FDA to make a risk-based classification of the device through what is called a de novo request. In 2012,
section 513(f)(2) of the FD C Act was amended by section 607 of the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act (FDASIA),
in order to provide a second option for de novo classification. Under this second pathway, a sponsor who determines that there is no
legally marketed device upon which to base a determination of substantial equivalence can submit a de novo request to FDA without first
submitting a 510(k). 

In
the event that Microbot receives a Not Substantially Equivalent determination for either of its device candidates in response to a 510(k)
submission, the Microbot device may still be eligible for the 510(k) de-novo classification process. 

Devices
that cannot be cleared through the 510(k) or 510(k) de-novo classification process require the submission of a PMA. The PMA process is
much more time consuming and demanding than the 510(k) notification process. A PMA must be supported by extensive data, including but
not limited to data obtained from preclinical and/or clinical studies and data relating to manufacturing and labeling, to demonstrate
to the FDA s satisfaction the safety and effectiveness of the device. After a PMA application is submitted, the FDA s in-depth
review of the information generally takes between one and three years and may take significantly longer. If the FDA does not grant 510(k)
clearance to its products, there is no guarantee that Microbot will submit a PMA or that if Microbot does, that the FDA would grant a
PMA approval of Microbot s products, either of which would adversely affect Microbot s business. 

Foreign
Regulation 

In
addition to regulations in the United States, Microbot will be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials,
marketing authorization and commercial sales and distribution of its products in foreign countries. The approval process varies from
country to country, and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval or clearance. The requirements governing
the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country. 

International
sales of medical devices are subject to foreign governmental regulations which vary substantially from country to country. Whether or
not Microbot obtains FDA approval or clearance for its products, Microbot will be required to make new regulatory submissions to the
comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries before Microbot can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in such
countries. The time required to obtain certification or approval by a foreign country may be longer or shorter than that required for
FDA clearance or approval, and the requirements may differ. Below are summaries of the regulatory systems for medical devices in Europe
and Israel, where Microbot currently anticipates marketing its products. However, its products may also be marketed in other countries
that have different systems or minimal requirements for medical devices. 

Europe .
The primary regulatory body in Europe is the European Union, or E.U., which consists of 27 member states and has a coordinated system
for the authorization of medical devices. 

The
E.U. has adopted legislation, in the form of directives to be implemented in each member state, concerning the regulation of medical
devices within the European Union. The directives include, among others, the Medical Device Regulation, or MDR, that establishes certain
requirements with which medical devices must comply before they can be commercialized in the European Economic Area, or EEA (which comprises
the member states of the E.U. plus Norway, Liechtenstein and Iceland). Under the MDR, medical devices are classified into four Classes,
I, IIa, IIb, and III, with Class I being the lowest risk and Class III being the highest risk. 

In
order to commercialize medical devices in the European Union, a CE Mark certificate is needed. This certification verifies that a device
meets all regulatory requirements for medical devices under the new Medical Devices Regulation (MDR 2017/745). The CE approval process
in Europe is summarized below: 

1. 
 To obtain CE Marking certification,
 comply with European Commission Regulation (EU) No. 2017/745, commonly known as the Medical Device Regulation (MDR). 

2. 
 Appoint a Person Responsible
 for Regulatory Compliance (PRRC). Determine classification of device - Class I (self-certified); Class I (sterile, measuring or reusable
 surgical instrument); Class IIa, Class IIb, or Class III. 

15 

3. 
 For all devices, implement
 a Quality Management System (QMS) in accordance with the MDR. Companies usually apply the EN ISO 13485 standard to achieve compliance.
 The QMS must include Clinical Evaluation, Post-Market Surveillance (PMS) and Post Market Clinical Follow-up (PMCF) plans. Make arrangements
 with suppliers about unannounced Notified Body audits. For Class I (self-certified), implement a QMS though Notified Body intervention
 is not required. 

4. 
 Prepare a CE Technical
 Documentation or Design Dossier (Class III) providing information about the device and its intended use plus testing reports, Clinical
 Evaluation Report (CER), risk management file, Instruction For Use (IFU), labeling and more. Obtain a Unique Device Identifier (UDI)
 for the device. All devices, even legacy products in use for decades, will require clinical data. Most of these data should refer
 to the subject device. Clinical studies are generally required for implantable and Class III devices. Existing clinical data may
 be acceptable. Clinical trials in Europe must be pre-approved by a European Competent Authority. 

5. 
 If the company does not
 have a location in Europe, appoint an Authorized Representative (EC REP) located in the EU who is qualified to handle regulatory
 issues. Place the EC REP name and address on device label. Obtain a Single Registration Number from the regulators. 

6. 
 For all devices except
 Class I (self-certified), the QMS and Technical Documentation or Design Dossier must be audited by a Notified Body, a third party
 accredited by European authorities to audit medical device companies and products. 

7. 
 For all devices except
 Class I (self-certified), the company will be issued a European CE Marking Certificate for the device and an ISO 13485 certificate
 for the company s facility following successful completion of the Notified Body audit. ISO 13485 certification must be renewed
 every year. CE Marking certificates are typically valid for a maximum of 5 years, but are typically reviewed during the annual surveillance
 audit. 

8. 
 Prepare a Declaration of
 Conformity, a legally binding document prepared by the manufacturer stating that the device is in compliance with the applicable
 European requirements. At this time, the CE Marking may be affixed. 

9. 
 Register the device and
 its Unique Device Identifier (UDI) in the EUDAMED database. UDI must be on label and associated with the regulatory documents. 

10. 
 For Class I (self-certified),
 annual NB audits are not required. However, CER, Technical File, and PMS activities must be kept updated. For all other classes,
 the company will be audited each year by a Notified Body to ensure ongoing compliance with the MDR. Failure to pass the audit will
 invalidate the CE Marking certificate. The company must perform Clinical Evaluation, PMS, and PMCF. 

Microbot
intends to apply for the CE Mark for each of its medical device products. There is no guarantee that Microbot will be granted a CE Mark
for all or any of its pipeline products and failure to obtain the CE Mark would adversely affect its ability to grow its business. 

Israel .
Israel s Medical Devices Law generally requires the registration of all medical products with the Ministry of Health, or MOH, Registrar
as a precondition for production and distribution in Israel. Special exemptions may apply under limited circumstances and for purposes
such as the provision of essential medical treatment, research and development of the medical device, and personal use, among others. 

Registration
of medical devices requires the submission of an application to the Ministry of Health Medical Institutions and Devices Licensing Department,
or AMAR. An application for the registration of a medical device includes the following: 

Name and address of the
 manufacturer, and of the importer as applicable; 

Description of the intended
 use of the medical device and of its medical indications; 

Technical details of the
 medical device and of its components, and in the event that the device or the components are not new, information should be provided
 on the date or renovation; 

16 

Certificate attesting to
 the safety of the device, issued by a competent authority of one of the following countries: Australia, Canada, European Community
 (EC), Member States (MSs), Israel, Japan, or the United States; 

Information on any risk
 which may be associated with the use of the device (including precautionary measures to be taken); 

Instructions for use of
 the device in Hebrew; the MOH may allow the instructions to be in English for certain devices; 

Details of the standards
 to which the device complies; 

Description of the technical
 and maintenance services, including periodic checks and inspections; and 

Declaration, as appropriate:
 of the local manufacturer/importer, and of the foreign manufacturer. 

If
the application includes a certificate issued by a competent authority of one of the following recognized countries: Australia,
Canada, European Community (CE) Member States (MSs), Japan, or the United States, the registration process is generally expedited, but
could still take 6-9 months for approval. If such certificate is not available, the registration process will take significantly longer
and a license is rarely issued. Furthermore, the MOH will determine what type of testing is needed. In general, in the case of Israeli
manufactured devices that are not registered or authorized in any recognized country, the application requires presentation
of a risk analysis, a clinical evaluation, a summary of the clinical trials, and expert opinions regarding the device s safety
and effectiveness. Additional requirements may apply during the registration period, including follow-up reviews, to improve the quality
and safety of the devices. 

According
to regulations issued by Israel s Minister of Health in June 2013, a decision on a request to register a medical device must be
delivered by AMAR within 120 days from the date of the request, although this rarely occurs. The current rules for the registration of
medical devices do not provide for an expedited approval process. 

Once
granted by the MOH, a license (marketing authorization) for a medical device is valid for five years from the date of registration of
the device, except for implants with a life-supporting function, for which the validity is for only two years from the date of registration.
Furthermore, the holder of the license, the Israeli Registration Holder, or IRH, must do the following to maintain its license: 

Reside and maintain a place
 of business in Israel and serve as the regulatory representative. 

Respond to questions from
 AMAR concerning the registered products. 

Report adverse events to
 AMAR. 

Renew the registration
 on time to keep the market approval active. 

Comply
with post-marketing requirements, including reporting of adverse and unexpected events occurring in Israel or in other countries where
the device is in use. 

Getting
a device listed on Israel s four major Sick Funds (health insurance entities) is also necessary in order for Israeli hospitals
and health care providers to order such products. 

Microbot
intends to apply for a license from the MOH for each of its medical devices. There is no guarantee that Microbot will be granted licenses
for its pipeline products and failure to obtain such licenses would adversely affect its ability to grow its business. 

17 

Human
Capital 

Employees 

As
of March 30, 2023, we had 21 employees (including full-time and hourly employees) 

Microbot s
Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman, Harel Gadot, along with 4 full-time employees, are based in the United States, with
Microbot s U.S. office located in Hingham, Massachusetts. Additionally, Microbot had 14 full-time employees and 2 hourly
employees based in its office located in Yokneam, Israel. These employees oversee day-to-day operations of the Company and leading
engineering, manufacturing, intellectual property and administration functions of the Company. As required, Microbot also engages
consultants to provide services to the Company, including regulatory, legal and corporate services. We are subject to labor laws and
regulations within our locations in the U.S. and Israel. These laws and regulations principally concern matters such as pensions,
paid annual vacation, paid sick days, length of the workday and work week, minimum wages, overtime pay, insurance for work-related
accidents, severance pay and other conditions of employment. Microbot has no unionized employees. 

We
believe we are able to attract and retain top talent by creating a culture that challenges and engages our employees, offering them opportunities
to learn, grow and achieve their career goals. 

Compensation,
Benefits and Wellbeing 

We
provide competitive compensation for our employees. We offer annual bonuses and stock-based compensation for eligible employees. 

Leadership,
Training and Development 

We
aim to provide our employees with advanced professional and development skills, so that they can perform effectively in their roles and
build their capabilities and career prospects for the future. 

Diversity,
Equity and Inclusion 

We
strive to encourage a diversity of views and to create an equal opportunity workplace. During the past year, we have increased the total
number of women in management positions. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our business, operating results,
financial performance, and share price may be materially adversely affected by a number of factors, including but not limited to the
following risk factors, any one of which could cause actual results to vary materially from anticipated results or from those expressed
in any forward-looking statements made by us in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in other reports, press releases or other statements
issued from time to time. Additional factors that may cause such a difference are set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking
statements. 

Risks
Relating to Microbot s Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 

There
is substantial doubt regarding on our ability to continue as a going concern. 

As
stated elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have not generated any revenues, have sustained losses and have
accumulated a significant deficits since our inception. Also, we estimate that our cash resources are only sufficient to fund our
operations for approximately 4 months from the date of this Annual Report and as a result, our continued existence is dependent
upon our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing and to ultimately become a commercially viable
organization. 

18 

There
can be no assurance that the additional necessary debt or equity financing will be available, or will be available on terms acceptable
to us, in which case we may be unable to meet our obligations or fully implement our business plan, if at all, beyond such 4 month period.
Additionally, should we be unable to realize our assets and discharge our liabilities in the normal course of business, the net realizable
value of our assets may be materially less than the amounts recorded in our financial statements. As a result of the foregoing and our
current cash position, these conditions raise substantial doubt about Microbot s ability to continue as a going concern beyond
approximately the next 4 months, which could adversely affect our ability to raise capital, expand our business and develop our planned
products. 

We
are subject to litigation, which may divert management s attention and, in the event of an adverse judgment or settlement for some
or all of the 6,750,000 being litigated, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and our ability to continue our operations. 

We
are the defendant in a lawsuit captioned Empery Asset Master Ltd., Empery Tax Efficient, LP, Empery Tax Efficient II, LP, Hudson Bay
Master Fund Ltd., Plaintiffs, against Microbot Medical Inc., Defendant, in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New
York (Index No. 651182/2020). The complaint alleged, among other things, that we breached multiple representations and warranties contained
in the Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA related to our June 8, 2017 equity financing (the Financing ),
of which the Plaintiffs participated. The complaint seeks rescission of the SPA and return of the Plaintiffs 6.75 million purchase
price with respect to the Financing. 

Management
is unable to assess the likelihood that we would be successful in any trial with respect to the SPA or the Financing, having previously
lost another lawsuit with respect to the Financing. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that if we go to trial and ultimately lose,
or if we decide to settle at any time, such an adverse outcome would not be material to our consolidated financial position. Additionally,
in any such case, we will likely be required to use available cash, or the proceeds from future offerings, towards the rescission or
settlement, that we otherwise would have used to build our business and develop our technologies into commercial products. In such event,
we would be required to raise additional capital sooner than we otherwise would, of which we can give no assurance of success, or delay,
curtail or cease the commercialization of some or all of our product candidates. 

Microbot
has had no revenue and has incurred significant operating losses since inception and is expected to continue to incur significant operating
losses for the foreseeable future. The Company may never become profitable or, if achieved, be able to sustain profitability. 

Microbot
has incurred significant operating losses since its inception and expects to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future as Microbot
continues its preclinical and clinical development programs for its existing product candidates, primarily the LIBERTY device; its research
and development of any other future product candidates; and all other work necessary to obtain regulatory clearances or approvals for
its product candidates in the United States and other markets. In the future, Microbot intends to continue conducting micro-robotics
research and development; performing necessary animal and clinical testing; working towards medical device regulatory compliance; and,
if LIBERTY or other future product candidates are approved or cleared for commercial distribution, engaging in appropriate sales and
marketing activities that, together with anticipated general and administrative expenses, will likely result in Microbot incurring further
significant losses for the foreseeable future. 

Microbot
is a development-stage medical device company and currently generates no revenue from product sales, and may never be able to commercialize
LIBERTY or other future product candidates. Microbot does not currently have the required approvals or clearances to market or test in
humans the LIBERTY or any other future product candidates and Microbot may never receive them. Microbot does not anticipate generating
significant revenues until it can successfully develop, commercialize and sell products derived from its product pipeline, of which Microbot
can give no assurance. Even if Microbot or any of its future development partners succeed in commercializing any of its product candidates,
Microbot may never generate revenues significant enough to achieve profitability. 

Because
of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with its product development pipeline and strategy, Microbot cannot accurately predict
when it will achieve profitability, if ever. Failure to become and remain profitable would depress the value of the Company and could
impair its ability to raise capital, which may force the Company to curtail or discontinue its research and development programs and/or
day-to-day operations. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that profitability, if achieved, can be sustained on an ongoing basis. 

Microbot
has a limited operating history outside of being a development-stage, pre-clinical, research and development company, which may make
it difficult to evaluate the prospects for the Company s future viability. 

Microbot
has a limited operating history upon which an evaluation of its business plan or performance and prospects can be made. The business
and prospects of Microbot must be considered in the light of the potential problems, delays, uncertainties and complications that may
be encountered in connection with a newly established business. The risks include, but are not limited to, the possibility that Microbot
will not be able to develop functional and scalable products, or that although functional and scalable, its products will not be economical
to market; that its competitors hold proprietary rights that may preclude Microbot from marketing such products; that its competitors
market a superior or equivalent product; that Microbot is not able to upgrade and enhance its technologies and products to accommodate
new features and expanded service offerings; or the failure to receive necessary regulatory clearances or approvals for its products.
To successfully introduce and market its products at a profit, Microbot must establish brand name recognition and competitive advantages
for its products. There are no assurances that Microbot can successfully address these challenges. If it is unsuccessful, Microbot and
its business, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 

Microbot s
operations to date have been limited to organizing the company, entering into licensing arrangements to initially obtain rights to its
technologies, developing and securing its technologies, raising capital, developing regulatory and reimbursement strategies for its product
candidates, preparing for pre-clinical and clinical trials of product candidates from time to time and, most recently, commencing pre-commercialization
planning for the LIBERTY device. Microbot has not yet demonstrated its ability to successfully complete development of any product candidate,
obtain marketing clearance or approval, manufacture a commercial-scale product or arrange for a third party to do so on its behalf, or
conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Consequently, any predictions made about Microbot s
future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if Microbot had a longer operating history. 

19 

Microbot
will need additional funding. If Microbot is unable to raise capital when needed, it could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate its
product development programs or commercialization efforts. 

To
date, Microbot has funded its operations primarily through offerings of debt and equity securities and grants. Microbot does not know
when, or if, it will generate any revenue, but does not expect to generate significant revenue unless and until it obtains regulatory
clearance or approval of and commercializes one of its current or future product candidates. It is anticipated that the Company will
continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future, and that losses will increase as it continues the development of, and seeks regulatory
review of, its product candidates, and begins to commercialize any approved or cleared products following a successful regulatory review. 

Microbot
expects the research and development expenses of the Company to continue to increase substantially in future periods as it conducts pre-clinical
studies in large animals and potentially clinical trials for its product candidates, and especially if it initiates additional research
programs for future product candidates. This is the case even with the recent suspension of the research and development program relating
to the SCS device. In addition, if the Company obtains marketing clearance or approval for any of its product candidates, it expects
to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product manufacturing, marketing and sales. Microbot may also require additional
funds for operations if it loses its current lawsuit with Empery and Hudson Bay, discussed in great detail elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Furthermore, Microbot incurs substantial costs associated with operating as a public company in the United States. Accordingly,
the Company may need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with its continuing operations through its projected profitability,
of which it can give no assurance of success. If the Company is unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, it could
be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate its research and development programs or any future commercialization efforts. 

The
Company intends to continue to opportunistically strengthen its balance sheet by raising additional funds through equity offerings, including
possibly through its existing At-the-Market offering, or otherwise in order to meet expected future liquidity needs, including the introduction
of LIBERTY. The Company s future capital requirements, generally, will depend on many factors, including: 

the timing and outcomes
 of the product candidates regulatory reviews, subsequent approvals or clearances, or other regulatory actions; 

the final outcome of the
 Company s existing lawsuit with Empery and Hudson Bay; 

the costs, design, duration
 and any potential delays of the clinical trials that could be conducted at the FDA s request using Microbot s product
 candidates; 

the costs of acquiring,
 licensing or investing in new and existing businesses, product candidates and technologies; 

the costs to maintain,
 expand and defend the scope of Microbot s intellectual property portfolio; 

the costs to secure or
 establish sales, marketing and commercial manufacturing capabilities or arrangements with third parties regarding same; 

the Company s need
 and ability to hire additional management and scientific and medical personnel; and 

the costs to operate as
 a public company in the United States. 

20 

We
may still be subject to significant disruptions to our clinical trials or other business operations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Although
we have not yet commenced clinical trials, in the event the coronavirus pandemic or another pandemic is continuing when we are prepared
to commence such trials, the coronavirus disease may cause significant delays and disruptions to our clinical trials and our interactions
with the FDA. If the patients involved with any such clinical trials become infected with the coronavirus disease, we may have more AEs
and deaths in our clinical trials as a result. We may also face difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials if the patient
populations that are eligible for our clinical trials are impacted by the coronavirus or other disease. Additionally, if our clinical
trial patients are unable to travel to our clinical trial sites as a result of quarantines or other restrictions resulting from the coronavirus
or other disease, we may experience higher drop-out rates or delays in our clinical trials, and some patients may not be able to comply
with clinical trial protocols if quarantines impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services, which could impact our ability
to determine the efficacy or safety of our LIBERTY device. Site initiation and patient enrollment may also be delayed due to prioritization
of hospital resources toward the coronavirus disease outbreak. 

Additionally,
travel restrictions and expanded screenings may be implemented locally or worldwide in an effort to contain the coronavirus or other
disease. As such, we and our contract research organizations may be unable to visit our trial sites and monitor the data from our trials
on timely basis. Our employees may also face travel restrictions, which would impact our business. Furthermore, some of our manufacturers
and suppliers are in Europe and Asia and may be impacted by port closures and other restrictions resulting from any such outbreak, which
may disrupt our supply chain or limit our ability to obtain sufficient materials for our products. 

The
ultimate impact of the coronavirus disease outbreak or a similar health epidemic is highly uncertain and subject to change, and we cannot
presently predict the scope and severity of any further potential business shutdowns or disruptions, but if we or any of the third parties
with whom we engage, including the suppliers, clinical trial sites, contract research organizations, regulators, including the FDA health
care providers and other third parties with whom we conduct business, were to experience shutdowns or other business disruptions, our
ability to conduct our business and operations could be materially and negatively impacted, which could prevent or delay us from obtaining
approval for our LIBERTY device. 

Risks
Relating to the Development and Commercialization of Microbot s Product Candidates 

Unsuccessful
animal studies, clinical trials or procedures relating to product candidates under development could have a material adverse effect on
Microbot s prospects. 

The
regulatory approval process for new products and new indications for existing products requires extensive data and procedures, including
the development of regulatory and quality standards and, potentially, certain clinical studies. Unfavorable or inconsistent data from
current or future clinical trials or other studies conducted by Microbot or third parties, or perceptions regarding such data, could
adversely affect Microbot s ability to obtain necessary device clearance or approval and the market s view of Microbot s
future prospects. 

Failure
to successfully complete the studies or trials in a timely and cost-effective manner could have a material adverse effect on Microbot s
prospects with respect to the LIBERTY device or other product candidates. Because animal trials, clinical trials and other types of scientific
studies are inherently uncertain, there can be no assurance that these trials or studies will be completed in a timely or cost-effective
manner or result in a commercially viable product. Clinical trials or studies may experience significant setbacks even if earlier preclinical
or animal studies have shown promising results. Furthermore, preliminary results from clinical trials may be contradicted by subsequent
clinical analysis. Results from clinical trials may also not be supported by actual long-term studies or clinical experience. If preliminary
clinical results are later contradicted, or if initial results cannot be supported by actual long-term studies or clinical experience,
Microbot s business could be adversely affected. Clinical trials also may be suspended or terminated by us, the FDA or other regulatory
authorities at any time if it is believed that the trial participants face unacceptable health risks. The FDA may disagree with our interpretation
of the data from our clinical trials, or may find the clinical trial design, conduct or results inadequate to demonstrate safety and
effectiveness of the product candidate. The FDA may also require additional pre-clinical studies or clinical trials which could further
delay approval of our product candidates. 

21 

Microbot s
business depends heavily on the success of its sole lead product candidate, the LIBERTY. If Microbot is unable to commercialize the LIBERTY,
or experiences significant delays in doing so, Microbot s business will be materially harmed. 

Generally,
after all necessary clinical and performance data supporting the safety and effectiveness of the LIBERTY device, or any other product
candidate, are collected, Microbot must still obtain FDA clearance or approval to market the device and those regulatory processes can
take several months to several years to be completed. Therefore, Microbot s ability to generate product revenues will not occur
for at least the next few years, if at all, and will depend heavily on the successful commercialization of the LIBERTY device, or any
of our other product candidates from time to time. The success of commercializing any of our product candidates, include the LIBERTY
device, will depend on a number of factors, including the following: 

our ability to obtain additional
 capital; 

successful completion of
 animal studies and, if necessary, human clinical trials and the collection of sufficient data to demonstrate that the device is safe
 and effective for its intended use; 

receipt of marketing approvals
 or clearances from the FDA and other applicable regulatory authorities; 

establishing commercial
 manufacturing arrangements with one or more third parties; 

obtaining and maintaining
 patent and trade secret protections; 

protecting Microbot s
 rights in its intellectual property portfolio; 

establishing sales, marketing
 and distribution capabilities; 

generating commercial sales,
 if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with other entities; 

acceptance of our product
 candidates, if and when commercially launched, by the medical community, patients and third-party payors; 

effectively competing with
 existing and competitive products on the market and any new competing products that may enter the market; and 

maintaining quality and
 an acceptable safety profile of our products following clearance or approval. 

We
recently suspended our SCS research and development program as a result of, among other things, some of the above factors, and our short
and medium term success is no longer tied to multiple product candidates but rather just the LIBERTY device. If Microbot does not achieve
one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, it could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully commercialize
the LIBERTY or any other product candidate, which would materially harm its business. 

The
results of Microbot s research and development efforts are uncertain and there can be no assurance of the commercial success of
Microbot s product candidates. 

Microbot
believe that its success will depend in part on its ability to expand its product offerings and continue to improve its existing product
candidates in response to changing technologies, customer demands and competitive pressures. As such, Microbot expects to continue dedicating
significant resources in research and development. The product candidates and services being developed by Microbot may not be technologically
successful. In addition, the length of Microbot s product candidates and service development cycle may be greater than Microbot
originally expected. 

Microbot s
ability to expand its technology platforms for other uses may be limited. 

After
spending time working with experts in the field, Microbot has decided to no longer pursue the use of TipCAT in colonoscopy and has instead
committed to focus on expanding all of its technology platforms for use in segments of the endovascular, cardiovascular and neurosurgery
markets. Microbot s ability to expand its technology platforms for use in such markets will be limited by its ability to develop
and/or refine the necessary technology, obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for their use on humans, and the marketing of its products
and otherwise obtaining market acceptance of its product in the United States and in other countries. 

22 

At
this time, Microbot does not know the extent of the clinical trial that the FDA will require it to submit in support of its future marketing
applications for its LIBERTY product candidate, which creates uncertainty for Microbot as well as the possibility of increased product
development costs and time to market. 

Microbot
has identified a predicate device for the LIBERTY device, which it intended to use in its 510(k) application. However, , there is no
guarantee that the FDA will agree with the Company s determination or that the FDA would accept the predicate device that Microbot
intends to submit in its 510(k). The FDA also may request additional data in response to a 510(k) or require Microbot to conduct further
testing or compile more data in support of its 510(k). It is unclear at this time whether and how various activities initiated or announced
by the FDA to modernize the U.S. medical device regulatory system could affect the marketing pathway or timeline for our product candidate,
given their nature. 

The
FDA requires clinical data to be submitted as part of the LIBERTY marketing submission, any type of clinical study performed in humans
will require the investment of substantial expense, professional resources and time. In order to conduct a clinical investigation involving
human subjects for the purpose of demonstrating the safety and effectiveness of a medical device, a company must, among other things,
apply for and obtain Institutional Review Board, or IRB, approval of the proposed investigation. In addition, the sponsor of the investigation
must also submit and obtain FDA approval of an Investigational Device Exemption, or IDE, application. Microbot may not be able to obtain
FDA and/or IRB approval to undertake clinical trials in the United States for any new devices Microbot intends to market in the United
States in the future. Moreover, the timing of the commencement, continuation and completion of any future clinical trial may be subject
to significant delays attributable to various causes, including scheduling conflicts with participating clinicians and clinical institutions,
difficulties in identifying and enrolling patients who meet trial eligibility criteria, failure of patients to complete the clinical
trial, delay in or failure to obtain IRB approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective site, and shortages of supply in the investigational
device. 

Thus,
the addition of one or more mandatory clinical trials to the development timeline for the LIBERTY or any other product candidate would
significantly increase the costs associated with developing and commercializing the product and delay the timing of U.S. regulatory authorization.
The current uncertainty regarding near-term medical device regulatory changes by the FDA could further affect our development plans for
the LIBERTY or any other product candidate, depending on their nature, scope and applicability. Microbot and its business, financial
condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected as a result of any such costs, delays or uncertainty. 

Microbot s
One Done technology is subject to a buy-back clause which, if triggered, could cause us to lose rights to the technology and delay
or curtail the development of our products. 

Pursuant
to the agreement we entered into in January 2018 to acquire the One Done technology, we are required to meet certain commercialization
deadlines or CardioSert may terminate the agreement and buy back the technology for 1.00, subject to certain limited exceptions. One
of the exceptions in the agreement is if The First Commercial Sale does not occur within 50 months of the Effective Date 
of the contract. 50 months have expired in 2022 and Microbot did not meet the commercialization deadlines. 

Our
failure to meet the applicable commercialization deadline could therefore result in the sale back of the technology to CardioSert. Although
we have not yet been notified of any such election, any such sale could materially adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize,
or materially delay the development and commercialization of, our planned One Done technology. 

Microbot
will depend upon the ability of third parties, including contract research organizations, collaborative academic groups, future clinical
trial sites and investigators, to conduct or to assist the Company in conducting clinical trials for its product candidates, if such
trials become necessary. 

As
a development-stage, pre-clinical company, Microbot has no prior experience in designing, initiating, conducting and monitoring human
clinical trials. Microbot will depend upon its ability and/or the ability of future collaborators, contract research organizations, clinical
trial sites and investigators to successfully design, initiate, conduct and monitor such clinical trials. 

Failure
by Microbot or by any of these future collaborating parties to timely and effectively initiate, conduct and monitor a future clinical
trial could significantly delay or materially impair Microbot s ability to complete those clinical trials and/or obtain regulatory
clearance or approval of its product candidates and, consequently, could delay or materially impair its ability to generate revenues
from the commercialization of those products. 

23 

If
the commercial opportunity for LIBERTY and any other commercial products that may be developed by Microbot is smaller than Microbot anticipates,
Microbot s future revenue from LIBERTY and such other products will be adversely affected and Microbot s business will suffer. 

If
the size of the commercial opportunities in any of Microbot s target markets is smaller than it anticipates, Microbot may not be
able to achieve profitability and growth. It is difficult to predict the penetration, future growth rate or size of the market for Microbot s
product candidate. 

The
commercial success of LIBERTY or any other product candidates will require broad acceptance of the devices by the doctors and other medical
professionals who specialize in the procedures targeted by each device, a limited number of whom may be able to influence device selection
and purchasing decisions. If Microbot s technologies are not broadly accepted and perceived as having significant advantages over
existing medical devices, then it will not meet its business objectives. Such perceptions are likely to be based on a determination by
medical facilities and physicians that Microbot s product candidates are safe and effective, are cost-effective in comparison to
existing devices, and represent acceptable methods of treatment. Microbot cannot assure that it will be able to establish the relationships
and arrangements with medical facilities and physicians necessary to support the market uptake of its product candidates. In addition,
its competitors may develop new technologies for the same markets Microbot is targeting that are more attractive to medical facilities
and physicians. If doctors and other medical professionals do not consider Microbot product candidates to be suitable for application
in the procedures we are targeting and an improvement over the use of existing or competing products, Microbot s business goals
will not be realized. 

Customers
will be unlikely to buy the LIBERTY or any other product candidates unless Microbot can demonstrate that they can be produced for sale
to consumers at attractive prices. 

To
date, Microbot has focused primarily on research and development of the LIBERTY device and first generation versions of other current
and former product candidates. Consequently, Microbot has no experience in manufacturing its product candidates, and intends to manufacture
its product candidates through third-party manufacturers. Microbot can offer no assurance that either it or its manufacturing partners
will develop efficient, automated, low-cost manufacturing capabilities and processes to meet the quality, price, engineering, design
and production standards or production volumes required to successfully mass produce its commercial products. Even if its manufacturing
partners are successful in developing such manufacturing capability and quality processes, including the assurance of GMP-compliant device
manufacturing, there can be no assurance that Microbot can timely meet its product commercialization schedule or the production and delivery
requirements of potential customers. A failure to develop such manufacturing processes and capabilities could have a material adverse
effect on Microbot s business and financial results. 

The
proposed price of Microbot s product candidates, once approved for sale, will be dependent on material and other manufacturing
costs. Microbot cannot offer any assurances that its manufacturing partner will be able manufacture its product candidates at a competitive
price or that achieving cost reductions will not cause a reduction in the performance, reliability and longevity of its product candidates. 

Microbot
will rely on third party design houses for the redesign of the One Done guidewire to other specific indications. 

Since
the One Done guidewire was originally designed for treating chronic total occlusions, the design will need to be modified to treat
other indications. As we do not specialize in the design of guidewires and microcatheters, Microbot worked with two design houses that
specialize in design and high volume production of guidewires and microcatheters to define the guidewire conceptual design. We are now
exploring the option to progress with one of the two design houses to resume the next phases of the project. Such designs may require
several design and regulatory iterations prolonging the product release and certification, which could delay the commercialization of
our One Done technology and possibly the LIBERTY device. 

24 

Microbot
has relied on, and intends to continue to rely on, third-party manufacturers to produce its product candidates. 

Microbot
currently relies, and expects to rely for the foreseeable future, on third-party manufacturers to produce and supply its product candidates,
and it expects to rely on third parties to manufacture the commercialized products as well, should they receive the necessary regulatory
clearance or approval. Reliance on third-party manufacturers entails risks to which Microbot would not be subject if Microbot manufactured
its product candidates or future commercial products itself, including: 

limitations on supply availability
 resulting from capacity, internal operational problems or scheduling constraints of third parties; 

potential regulatory non-compliance
 or other violations by the third-party manufacturer that could result in quality assurance; 

the possible breach of
 manufacturing agreements by third parties because of various factors beyond Microbot s control; and 

the possible termination
 or non-renewal of manufacturing agreements by third parties for various reasons beyond Microbot s control, at a time that is
 costly or inconvenient to Microbot. 

If
Microbot is not able to maintain its key manufacturing relationships, Microbot may fail to find replacement manufacturers or develop
its own manufacturing capabilities, which could delay or impair Microbot s ability to obtain regulatory clearance or approval for
its product candidates and could substantially increase its costs or deplete profit margins, if any. If Microbot does find replacement
manufacturers, Microbot may not be able to enter into agreements with them on terms and conditions favorable to it and there could be
a substantial delay before new facilities could be qualified and registered with the FDA and other foreign regulatory authorities. 

Additionally,
the existing design of the CardioSert device was produced in very low quantities by the seller of the technology. Accordingly, the scaling-up
to high volume production may require significant changes to the existing design and production methods. Microbot worked with two leading
third party companies that specialize in design and high-volume production of guidewires and microcatheters to conceptually define the
required changes and modifications, and we are considering to progress with one of these two design houses to define the next phases
of the project. These design changes/modifications may have significant negative implications in price and time to market of the CardioSert
system. 

If
Microbot s product candidates are not considered to be a safe and effective alternative to existing technologies, Microbot will
not be commercially successful. 

The
LIBERTY and our other product candidates rely on new technologies, and Microbot s success will depend on acceptance of these technologies
by the medical community as safe, clinically effective, cost effective and a preferred device as compared to products of its competitors.
Microbot does not have long-term data regarding efficacy, safety and clinical outcomes associated with the use of LIBERTY or our other
product candidates. Any data that is generated in the future may not be positive or may not support the product candidates regulatory
dossiers, which would negatively affect market acceptance and the rate at which its product candidates are adopted. Equally important
will be physicians perceptions of the safety of Microbot s product candidates because Microbot s technologies are
relatively new. If, over the long term, Microbot s product candidates do not meet surgeons expectations as to safety, efficacy
and ease of use, they may not become widely adopted. 

Market
acceptance of Microbot s product candidates will also be affected by other factors, including Microbot s ability to convince
key opinion leaders to provide recommendations regarding its product candidates; convince distributors that its technologies are attractive
alternatives to existing and competing technologies; supply and service sufficient quantities of products directly or through marketing
alliances; and price products competitively in light of the current macroeconomic environment, which is increasingly price sensitive. 

25 

Microbot
may be subject to penalties and may be precluded from marketing its product candidates if Microbot fails to comply with extensive governmental
regulations. 

Microbot
believes that its medical device product candidates will be categorized as Class II devices, which typically require a 510(k) or 510(k)
de-novo premarket submission to the FDA. However, the FDA has not made any determination about whether Microbot s medical product
candidates are Class II medical devices and may disagree with that classification. If the FDA determines that Microbot s product
candidates should be reclassified as Class III medical devices, Microbot could be precluded from marketing the devices for clinical use
within the United States for months, years or longer, depending on the specifics of the change in classification. Reclassification of
any of Microbot s product candidates as Class III medical devices could significantly increase Microbot s regulatory costs,
including the timing and expense associated with required clinical trials and other costs. 

The
FDA and non-U.S. regulatory authorities require that Microbot product candidates be manufactured according to rigorous standards. These
regulatory requirements significantly increase Microbot s production costs, which may prevent Microbot from offering products within
the price range and in quantities necessary to meet market demands. If Microbot or one of its third-party manufacturers changes an approved
manufacturing process, the FDA may need to review the process before it may be used. Failure to comply with applicable pre-market and
post-market regulatory requirements could subject Microbot to enforcement actions, including warning letters, fines, injunctions and
civil penalties, recall or seizure of its products, operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of its production, and
criminal prosecution. 

If
Microbot is not able to both obtain and maintain adequate levels of third-party reimbursement for procedures involving its product candidates
after they are approved for marketing and launched commercially, it would have a material adverse effect on Microbot s business. 

Healthcare
providers and related facilities are generally reimbursed for their services through payment systems managed by various governmental
agencies worldwide, private insurance companies, and managed care organizations. The manner and level of reimbursement in any given case
may depend on the site of care, the procedure(s) performed, the final patient diagnosis, the device(s) utilized, available budget, or
a combination of these factors, and coverage and payment levels are determined at each payor s discretion. The coverage policies
and reimbursement levels of these third-party payors may impact the decisions of healthcare providers and facilities regarding which
medical products they purchase and the prices they are willing to pay for those products. Microbot cannot assure you that its sales will
not be impeded and its business harmed if third-party payors fail to provide reimbursement for Microbot products that healthcare providers
view as adequate. 

In
the United States, Microbot expects that its product candidates, once approved, will be purchased primarily by medical institutions,
which then bill various third-party payors, such as the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, which administers the Medicare
program through Medicare Administrative Contractors, and other government health care programs and private insurance plans, for the healthcare
products and services provided to their patients. The process involved in applying for coverage and incremental reimbursement from CMS
is lengthy and expensive. Moreover, many private payors look to CMS in setting their reimbursement policies and amounts. If CMS or other
agencies limit coverage for procedures utilizing Microbot s products or decrease or limit reimbursement payments for doctors and
hospitals utilizing Microbot s products, this may affect coverage and reimbursement determinations by many private payors. 

If
a procedure involving a medical device is not reimbursed separately by a government or private insurer, then a medical institution would
have to absorb the cost of Microbot s products as part of the cost of the procedure in which the products are used. At this time,
Microbot does not know the extent to which medical institutions would consider insurers payment levels adequate to cover the cost
of its products. Failure by hospitals and surgeons to receive an amount that they consider to be adequate reimbursement for procedures
in which Microbot products are used could deter them from purchasing Microbot products and limit sales growth for those products. 

Microbot
has no control over payor decision-making with respect to coverage and payment levels for its medical device product candidates, once
they are approved. Additionally, Microbot expects many payors to continue to explore cost-containment strategies (e.g., comparative and
cost-effectiveness analyses, so-called pay-for-performance programs implemented by various public government health care
programs and private third-party payors, and expansion of payment bundling initiatives, and other such methods that shift medical cost
risk to providers) that may potentially impact coverage and/or payment levels for Microbot s current product candidates or products
Microbot develops in the future. 

As
Microbot s product offerings are used across diverse healthcare settings, they will be affected to varying degrees by the different
payment systems. 

26 

Clinical
outcome studies for the LIBERTY may not provide sufficient data to make such product candidates the standard of care. 

Microbot s
business plan with respect to the LIBERTY relies on the broad adoption by surgeons of the products for their respective planned applications. 

Clinical
studies may not show an advantage in LIBERTY based procedures in a timely manner, or at all, and outcome studies have not been designed
at this time, and may be too large and too costly for Microbot to conduct. Both situations could prevent broad adoption of the LIBERTY
and materially impact Microbot s business. 

Microbot
products may in the future be subject to mandatory product recalls that could harm its reputation, business and financial results. 

The
FDA and similar foreign governmental authorities have the authority to require the recall of commercialized products in the event of
material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture that could pose a risk of injury to patients. In the case of the FDA, the authority
to require a recall must be based on an FDA finding that there is a reasonable probability that the device would cause serious injury
or death, although in most cases this mandatory recall authority is not used because manufacturers typically initiate a voluntary recall
when a device violation is discovered. In addition, foreign governmental bodies have the authority to require the recall of Microbot
products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in design or manufacture. Manufacturers may, under their own initiative, recall
a product if any material deficiency in a device is found. A government-mandated or voluntary recall by Microbot or one of its distributors
could occur as a result of component failures, manufacturing errors, design or labeling defects or other deficiencies and issues. Recalls
of any Microbot products would divert managerial and financial resources and have an adverse effect on Microbot s financial condition
and results of operations, and any future recall announcements could harm Microbot s reputation with customers and negatively affect
its sales. In addition, the FDA could take enforcement action, including any of the following sanctions for failing to timely report
a recall to the FDA: 

untitled letters, warning
 letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 

detention or seizure of
 Microbot products; 

operating restrictions
 or partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

refusing or delaying requests
 for 510(k) clearance or premarket approval of new products or modified products; 

withdrawing 510(k) clearances
 or other types of regulatory authorizations -that have already been granted; 

refusing to grant export
 approval for Microbot products; or 

criminal prosecution. 

If
Microbot s future commercialized products cause or contribute to a death or a serious injury, Microbot will be subject to Medical
Device Reporting regulations, which can result in voluntary corrective actions or agency enforcement actions. 

Under
FDA regulations, Microbot will be required to report to the FDA any incident in which a marketed medical device product may have caused
or contributed to a death or serious injury or in which a medical device malfunctioned and, if the malfunction were to recur, would likely
cause or contribute to death or serious injury. In addition, all manufacturers placing medical devices in European Union markets are
legally bound to report any serious or potentially serious incidents involving devices they produce or sell to the relevant authority
in whose jurisdiction the incident occurred. 

27 

Microbot
anticipates that in the future it is likely that we may experience events that would require reporting to the FDA pursuant to the Medical
Device Reporting (MDR) regulations. Any adverse event involving a Microbot product could result in future voluntary corrective actions,
such as product actions or customer notifications, or agency actions, such as inspection, mandatory recall or other enforcement action.
Any corrective action, whether voluntary or involuntary, as well as defending Microbot in a lawsuit, will require the dedication of our
time and capital, distract management from operating our business, and may harm our reputation and financial results. 

Microbot
could be exposed to significant liability claims if Microbot is unable to obtain insurance at acceptable costs and adequate levels or
otherwise protect itself against potential product liability claims. 

The
testing, manufacture, marketing and sale of medical devices entail the inherent risk of liability claims or product recalls. Product
liability insurance is expensive and may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. A successful product liability claim or product
recall could inhibit or prevent the successful commercialization of Microbot s products, cause a significant financial burden on
Microbot, or both, which in any case could have a material adverse effect on Microbot s business and financial condition. 

If
Microbot fails to retain certain of its key personnel and attract and retain additional qualified personnel, Microbot might not be able
to pursue its growth strategy effectively. 

Microbot
is dependent on its senior management, in particular Harel Gadot, Microbot s Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and
Simon Sharon, its General Manager and Chief Technology Officer. Although Microbot believes that its relationship with members of its
senior management is positive, there can be no assurance that the services of any of these individuals will continue to be available
to Microbot in the future. Microbot s future success will depend in part on its ability to retain its management and scientific
teams, to identify, hire and retain additional qualified personnel with expertise in research and development and sales and marketing,
and to effectively provide for the succession of senior management, when necessary. Competition for qualified personnel in the medical
device industry is intense and finding and retaining qualified personnel with experience in the industry is very difficult. Microbot
believes that there are only a limited number of individuals with the requisite skills to serve in key positions at Microbot, particularly
in Israel, and it competes for key personnel with other medical equipment and technology companies, as well as research institutions. 

Microbot
does not carry, and does not intend to carry, any key man life insurance policies on any of its existing executive officers. 

Risks
Relating to International Business 

If
Microbot fails to obtain regulatory clearances in other countries for its product candidates under development, Microbot will not be
able to commercialize these product candidates in those countries. 

In
order for Microbot to market its product candidates in countries other than the United States, it must comply with the safety and quality
regulations in such countries. 

In
Europe, these regulations, including the requirements for approvals, clearance or grant of Conformit Europ enne, or CE,
Certificates of Conformity and the time required for regulatory review, vary from country to country. Failure to obtain regulatory approval,
clearance or CE Certificates of Conformity (or equivalent) in any foreign country in which Microbot plans to market its product candidates
may harm its ability to generate revenue and harm its business. Approval and CE marking procedures vary among countries and can involve
additional product testing and additional administrative review periods. The time required to obtain approval or CE Certificate of Conformity
in other countries might differ from that required to obtain FDA clearance. The regulatory approval or CE marking process in other countries
may include all of the risks detailed above regarding FDA clearance in the United States. Regulatory approval or the CE marking of a
product candidate in one country does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval
or a CE Certificate of Conformity in one country may negatively impact the regulatory process in others. Failure to obtain regulatory
approval or a CE Certificate of Conformity in other countries or any delay or setback in obtaining such approval could have the same
adverse effects described above regarding FDA clearance in the United States. 

28 

Microbot
cannot be certain that it will be successful in complying with the requirements of the CE Certificate of Conformity and receiving a CE
Mark for its product candidates or in continuing to meet the requirements of the Medical Devices Directive in the European Economic Area
(EEA). 

Israel s
Medical Devices Law generally requires the registration of all medical products with the Ministry of Health, or MOH, Registrar through
the submission of an application to the Ministry of Health Medical Institutions and Devices Licensing Department, or AMAR. If the application
includes a certificate issued by a competent authority of a recognized country, which includes Australia, Canada, the European
Community Member States, Japan or the United States, the registration process is expedited, but is generally still expected to take 6
to 9 months for approval. If certification from a recognized country is not available, the registration process takes significantly longer
and a license is rarely issued under such circumstances, as the MOH may require the presentation of significant additional clinical data.
Once granted, a license (marketing authorization) for a medical device is valid for five years from the date of registration of the device,
except for implants with a life-supporting function, for which the validity is for only two years from the date of registration. Furthermore,
the holder of the license must meet several additional requirements to maintain the license. Microbot cannot be certain that it will
be successful in applying for a license from the MOH for its product candidates. 

Risks
Relating to Microbot s Intellectual Property 

Microbot s
right to develop and commercialize the SCS and TipCAT product candidates are subject to the terms and condition of a license granted
to Microbot by Technion Research and Development Foundation Ltd. and termination of the license with respect to one or both of the technology
platforms underlying the product candidates would result in Microbot ceasing its development efforts for the applicable product candidate(s). 

Microbot
entered into a license agreement with Technion Research and Development Foundation Ltd., or TRDF, in 2012 pursuant to which Microbot
obtained an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-bearing, sub-licensable license to certain patents and inventions relating to the SCS and TipCAT
technology platforms. Pursuant to the terms of the license agreement, in order to maintain the license with respect to each platform,
Microbot must use commercially reasonable efforts to develop products covered by the license, including meeting certain agreed upon development
milestones. TRDF has the option to terminate a license granted with respect a particular technology in the event Microbot fails to meet
a development milestone associated with such technology. Therefore, the failure to meet development milestones may lead to a complete
termination of the applicable license agreement and result in Microbot ceasing its development efforts for the applicable product candidate.
The milestone for the TipCAT include commencing first in human clinical trials in December 2023. The milestones for the SCS include commencing
first in human clinical trials by December 2024, and commencing a pivotal study by June 2027. Failure to meet any development milestone
will give TRDF the right to terminate the license with respect to the technology underlying the missed milestone. TRDF has previously
demonstrated flexibility with respect to amending the terms of the license to extend the milestone dates, although we can give no assurance
at this time that TRDF will continue to be so flexible with respect to amending the terms of the license. We have informed TRDF of our
suspension of our SCS research and development program and our plans exploring strategic alternatives for such product and technology.
To-date, TRDF has not taken any action to so terminate the license, although we can give no assurance they will not do so. 

Under
the license agreement, Microbot is also subject to various other obligations, including obligations with respect to payment upon the
achievement of certain milestones and royalties on product sales. TRDF may terminate the license agreement under certain circumstances,
including material breaches by Microbot or under certain bankruptcy or insolvency events. In the case of termination of the license by
Microbot without cause or by TRDF for cause, TRDF has the right to receive a non-exclusive license from Microbot with respect to improvements
to the licensed technologies made by Microbot. 

If
TRDF were to terminate the license agreement or if Microbot was to otherwise lose the ability to exploit the licensed patents, Microbot s
competitive advantage with respect to its SCS and TipCAT technology platforms could be reduced or terminated, and Microbot will likely
not be able to find a source to replace the licensed technology. 

Additionally,
if there is any future dispute between Microbot and TRDF regarding the respective parties rights under the license agreement,
Microbot s ability to develop and commercialize the SCS and TipCAT may be materially harmed, although at this time no material
development or commercialization of either platform is in effect. 

29 

Microbot
may not meet its product candidates development and commercialization objectives in a timely manner or at all. 

Microbot
has established internal goals, based upon expectations with respect to its technologies, which Microbot has used to assess its progress
toward developing its product candidates. These goals relate to technology and design improvements as well as to dates for achieving
specific development results. If the product candidates exhibit technical defects or are unable to meet cost or performance goals, Microbot s
commercialization schedule could be delayed and potential purchasers of its initial commercialized products may decline to purchase such
products or may opt to pursue alternative products, which would materially harm its business. 

Intellectual
property litigation and infringement claims could cause Microbot to incur significant expenses or prevent Microbot from selling certain
of its product candidates. 

The
medical device industry is characterized by extensive intellectual property litigation. From time to time, Microbot might be the subject
of claims by third parties of potential infringement or misappropriation. Regardless of outcome, such claims are expensive to defend
and divert the time and effort of Microbot s management and operating personnel from other business issues. A successful claim
or claims of patent or other intellectual property infringement against Microbot could result in its payment of significant monetary
damages and/or royalty payments or negatively impact its ability to sell current or future products in the affected category and could
have a material adverse effect on its business, cash flows, financial condition or results of operations. 

If
Microbot or TRDF are unable to protect the patents or other proprietary rights relating to Microbot s product candidates, or if
Microbot infringes on the patents or other proprietary rights of others, Microbot s competitiveness and business prospects may
be materially damaged. 

Microbot s
success depends on its ability to protect its intellectual property (including its licensed intellectual property) and its proprietary
technologies. Microbot s commercial success depends in part on its ability to obtain and maintain patent protection and trade secret
protection for its product candidates, proprietary technologies, and their uses, as well as its ability to operate without infringing
upon the proprietary rights of others. 

Microbot
currently holds, through licenses or otherwise, an intellectual property portfolio that includes U.S. and international patents and pending
patents, and other patents under development. Microbot intends to continue to seek legal protection, primarily through patents, including
the TRDF licensed patents, for its proprietary technology. Seeking patent protection is a lengthy and costly process, and there can be
no assurance that patents will be issued from any pending applications, or that any claims allowed from existing or pending patents will
be sufficiently broad or strong to protect its proprietary technology. There is also no guarantee that any patents Microbot holds, through
licenses or otherwise, will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or that the patent rights granted will provide competitive
advantages to Microbot. Microbot s competitors have developed and may continue to develop and obtain patents for technologies that
are similar or superior to Microbot s technologies. In addition, the laws of foreign jurisdictions in which Microbot develops,
manufactures or sells its product candidates may not protect Microbot s intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the
laws of the United States. 

Adverse
outcomes in current or future legal disputes regarding patent and other intellectual property rights could result in the loss of Microbot s
intellectual property rights, subject Microbot to significant liabilities to third parties, require Microbot to seek licenses from third
parties on terms that may not be reasonable or favorable to Microbot, prevent Microbot from manufacturing, importing or selling its product
candidates, or compel Microbot to redesign its product candidates to avoid infringing third parties intellectual property. As
a result, Microbot may be required to incur substantial costs to prosecute, enforce or defend its intellectual property rights if they
are challenged. Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse effect on Microbot s business, financial condition and
resources or results of operations. 

Microbot
has the first right, but not the obligation, to control the prosecution, maintenance or enforcement of the licensed patents from TRDF.
However, there may be situations in which Microbot will not have control over the prosecution, maintenance or enforcement of the patents
that Microbot licenses, or may not have sufficient ability to consult and input into the patent prosecution and maintenance process with
respect to such patents. If Microbot does not control the patent prosecution and maintenance process with respect to the TRDF licensed
patents, TRDF may elect to do so but may fail to take the steps that are necessary or desirable in order to obtain, maintain and enforce
the licensed patents. 

30 

Microbot s
ability to develop intellectual property depends in large part on hiring, retaining and motivating highly qualified design and engineering
staff and consultants with the knowledge and technical competence to advance its technology and productivity goals. To protect Microbot s
trade secrets and proprietary information, Microbot has entered into confidentiality agreements with its employees, as well as with consultants
and other parties. If these agreements prove inadequate or are breached, Microbot s remedies may not be sufficient to cover its
losses. 

Dependence
on patent and other proprietary rights and failing to protect such rights or to be successful in litigation related to such rights may
result in Microbot s payment of significant monetary damages or impact offerings in its product portfolios. 

Microbot s
long-term success largely depends on its ability to market technologically competitive product candidates. If Microbot fails to obtain
or maintain adequate intellectual property protection, it may not be able to prevent third parties from using its proprietary technologies
or may lose access to technologies critical to our product candidates. Also, Microbot currently pending or future patent applications
may not result in issued patents, and issued patents are subject to claims concerning priority, scope and other issues. 

Furthermore,
Microbot has not filed applications for all of our patents internationally and it may not be able to prevent third parties from using
its proprietary technologies or may lose access to technologies critical to its product candidates in other countries. 

Risks
Relating to Operations in Israel 

Microbot
has facilities located in Israel, and therefore, political conditions in Israel may affect Microbot s operations and results. 

Microbot
has facilities located in Israel. In addition, one of its seven directors, its General Manager and Chief Technology Officer, Chief Medical
Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, as well as substantially all of its research and development team and non-management employees,
are residents of Israel. Accordingly, political, economic and military conditions in Israel will directly or indirectly affect Microbot s
operations and results. Most recently, for example, the current political situation in Israel where the ruling parties are attempting
to implement laws that essentially allow the parliament to enact laws that are preemptively immune to judicial review could adversely
affect our business and results of operations. In addition, since the establishment of the State of Israel, a number of armed conflicts
have taken place between Israel and its Arab neighbors. An ongoing state of hostility, varying in degree and intensity has led to security
and economic problems for Israel. For a number of years there have been continuing hostilities between Israel and the Palestinians. This
includes hostilities with the Islamic movement Hamas in the Gaza Strip, which have adversely affected the peace process and at times
resulted in armed conflicts. Such hostilities have negatively influenced Israel s economy as well as impaired Israel s relationships
with several other countries. Israel also faces threats from Hezbollah militants in Lebanon, from ISIS and rebel forces in Syria, from
the government of Iran and other potential threats from additional countries in the region. Moreover, some of Israel s neighboring
countries have recently undergone or are undergoing significant political changes. These political, economic and military conditions
in Israel could have a material adverse effect on Microbot s business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth. 

Political
relations could limit Microbot s ability to sell or buy internationally. 

Microbot
could be adversely affected by the interruption or reduction of trade between Israel and its trading partners. Some countries, companies
and organizations continue to participate in a boycott of Israeli firms and others doing business with Israel, with Israeli companies
or with Israeli-owned companies operating in other countries. Foreign government defense export policies towards Israel could also make
it more difficult for us to obtain the export authorizations necessary for Microbot s activities. Also, over the past several years
there have been calls in the United States, Europe and elsewhere to reduce trade with Israel. There can be no assurance that restrictive
laws, policies or practices directed towards Israel or Israeli businesses will not have an adverse impact on Microbot s business. 

31 

Israel s
economy may become unstable. 

From
time to time, Israel s economy may experience inflation or deflation, low foreign exchange reserves, fluctuations in world commodity
prices, military conflicts and civil unrest. For these and other reasons, the government of Israel has intervened in the economy employing
fiscal and monetary policies, import duties, foreign currency restrictions, controls of wages, prices and foreign currency exchange rates
and regulations regarding the lending limits of Israeli banks to companies considered to be in an affiliated group. The Israeli government
has periodically changed its policies in these areas. Reoccurrence of previous destabilizing factors could make it more difficult for
Microbot to operate its business and could adversely affect its business. 

Exchange
rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the NIS currencies may negatively affect Microbot s operating costs. 

A
significant portion of Microbot s expenses are paid in New Israeli Shekels, or NIS, but its financial statements are denominated
in U.S. dollars. As a result, Microbot is exposed to the risks that the NIS may appreciate relative to the U.S. dollar, or the NIS instead
devalues relative to the U.S. dollar, and the inflation rate in Israel may exceed such rate of devaluation of the NIS, or that the timing
of such devaluation may lag behind inflation in Israel. In any such event, the U.S. dollar cost of Microbot s operations in Israel
would increase and Microbot s U.S. dollar-denominated results of operations would be adversely affected. Microbot cannot predict
any future trends in the rate of inflation in Israel or the rate of devaluation (if any) of the NIS against the U.S. dollar. 

Microbot s
primary expenses paid in NIS that are not linked to the U.S. dollar are employee expenses in Israel and lease payments on its Israeli
facility. If Microbot is unsuccessful in hedging against its position in NIS, a change in the value of the NIS compared to the U.S. dollar
could increase Microbot s research and development expenses, labor costs and general and administrative expenses, and as a result,
have a negative impact on Microbot s profits. 

Funding
and other benefits provided by Israeli government programs may be terminated or reduced in the future and the terms of such funding may
have a significant impact on future corporate decisions. 

Microbot
participates in programs under the auspices of the Israeli Innovation Authority, for which it receives funding for the development of
its technologies and product candidates. If Microbot fails to comply with the conditions applicable to this program, it may be required
to pay additional penalties or make refunds and may be denied future benefits. From time to time, the government of Israel has discussed
reducing or eliminating the benefits available under this program, and therefore these benefits may not be available in the future at
their current levels or at all. 

Microbot s
research and development efforts from inception until now have been financed in part through such Israeli Innovation Authority
royalty bearing grants in an aggregate amount of approximately 1,500,000 through December 31, 2022, In addition, as a result of our
2018 agreement with CardioSert and our 2022 agreement with Nitiloop, we took over the liability to
repay CardioSert s and Nitiloop s IIA grants in the aggregate amount of approximately 530,000 and 925,000,
respectively. 

With respect to such grants
Microbot is committed to pay royalties at a rate of between 3 to 3.5 on sales proceeds up to the total amount of grants received,
linked to the dollar, plus interest at an annual rate of USD LIBOR. In addition, as a recipient of Israeli Innovation Authority
grants, Microbot must comply with the requirements of the Israeli Encouragement of Industrial Research and Development Law, 1984, or
the R D Law, and related regulations. Under the terms of the grants and the R D Law, Microbot is restricted from
transferring any technologies, know-how, manufacturing or manufacturing rights developed using Israeli Innovation Authority grants
outside of Israel without the prior approval of Israeli Innovation Authority. Therefore, if aspects of its technologies are deemed
to have been developed with Israeli Innovation Authority funding, the discretionary approval of an Israeli Innovation Authority
committee would be required for any transfer to third parties outside of Israel of the technologies, know-how, manufacturing or
manufacturing rights related to such aspects. Furthermore, the Israeli Innovation Authority may impose certain conditions on any
arrangement under which it permits Microbot to transfer technology or development outside of Israel or may not grant such approvals
at all. 

If
approved, the transfer of Israeli Innovation Authority-supported technology or know-how outside of Israel may involve the payment of
significant fees, which will depend on the value of the transferred technology or know-how, the total amount Israeli Innovation Authority
funding received by Microbot, the number of years since the funding and other factors. These restrictions and requirements for payment
may impair Microbot s ability to sell its technology assets outside of Israel or to outsource or transfer development or manufacturing
activities with respect to any product or technology outside of Israel. Furthermore, the amount of consideration available to Microbot s
shareholders in a transaction involving the transfer of technology or know-how developed with Israeli Innovation Authority funding outside
of Israel (such as through a merger or other similar transaction) may be reduced by any amounts that Microbot is required to pay to the
Israeli Innovation Authority. 

32 

Some
of Microbot s employees and officers are obligated to perform military reserve duty in Israel. 

Generally,
Israeli adult male citizens and permanent residents are obligated to perform annual military reserve duty up to a specified age. They
also may be called to active duty at any time under emergency circumstances, which could have a disruptive impact on Microbot s
workforce. 

It
may be difficult to enforce a non-Israeli judgment against Microbot or its officers and directors. 

The
operating subsidiary of the Company is incorporated in Israel. Some of Microbot s executive officers and directors are not residents
of the United States, and a substantial portion of Microbot s assets and the assets of its executive officers and directors are
located outside the United States. Therefore, a judgment obtained against Microbot, or any of these persons, including a judgment based
on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws, may not be collectible in the United States and may not necessarily
be enforced by an Israeli court. It also may be difficult to affect service of process on these persons in the United States or to assert
U.S. securities law claims in original actions instituted in Israel. Additionally, it may be difficult for an investor, or any other
person or entity, to initiate an action with respect to U.S. securities laws in Israel. Israeli courts may refuse to hear a claim based
on an alleged violation of U.S. securities laws reasoning that Israel is not the most appropriate forum in which to bring such a claim.
In addition, even if an Israeli court agrees to hear a claim, it may determine that Israeli law and not U.S. law is applicable to the
claim. If U.S. law is found to be applicable, the content of applicable U.S. law often involves the testimony of expert witnesses, which
can be a time consuming and costly process. Certain matters of procedure will also be governed by Israeli law. There is little binding
case law in Israel that addresses the matters described above. As a result of the difficulty associated with enforcing a judgment against
Microbot in Israel, it may be impossible to collect any damages awarded by either a U.S. or foreign court. 

Risks
Relating to Microbot s Securities, Governance and Other Matters 

If
we fail to comply with the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market, our common stock may be delisted and the price
of our common stock and our ability to access the capital markets could be negatively impacted. 

Our
common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. In order to maintain that listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and
other continued listing requirements and standards, including those regarding director independence and independent committee requirements,
minimum stockholders equity, minimum share price, and certain corporate governance requirements. There can be no assurances that
we will be able to comply with the applicable listing standards. In 2018, we effected a 1:15 reverse stock split to address our stock
price falling below the minimum share price required by Nasdaq. Failure to again meet applicable Nasdaq continued listing standards could
result in a delisting of our common stock. A delisting of our common stock from The Nasdaq Capital Market could materially reduce the
liquidity of our common stock and result in a corresponding material reduction in the price of our common stock. In addition, delisting
could harm our ability to raise capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and may result in the potential loss of confidence by investors,
employees and fewer business opportunities. Additionally, if we are not eligible for quotation or listing on another exchange, trading
of our common stock could be conducted only in the over-the-counter market or on an electronic bulletin board established for unlisted
securities such as the OTC Marketplace. In such event, it could become more difficult to dispose of, or obtain accurate price quotations
for, our common stock, and there would likely also be a reduction in our coverage by securities analysts and the news media, which could
cause the price of our common stock to decline further. 

We
do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock. 

We
anticipate that we will retain our earnings, if any, for future growth and therefore do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our Common
Stock in the future. Investors seeking cash dividends should not invest in our Common Stock for that purpose. 

33 

Anti-takeover
provisions in the Company s charter and bylaws under Delaware law may prevent or frustrate attempts by stockholders to change the
board of directors or current management and could make a third-party acquisition of the Company difficult. 

Provisions
in the Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent an acquisition or a change in management. These provisions
include a classified board of directors. In addition, because the Company is incorporated in Delaware, it is governed by the provisions
of Section 203 of the DGCL, which prohibits stockholders owning in excess of 15 of outstanding voting stock from merging or combining
with the Company. Although the Company believes these provisions collectively will provide for an opportunity to receive higher bids
by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with the Company s board of directors, they would apply even if the offer may be
considered beneficial by some stockholders. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by the Company s
stockholders to replace or remove then current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of the board
of directors, which is responsible for appointing members of management. 

General
Risks 

Raising
additional capital may cause dilution to the Company s investors, restrict its operations or require it to relinquish rights to
its technologies or product candidates. 

Until
such time, if ever, as the Company can generate substantial product revenues, it expects to finance its cash needs through a combination
of equity offerings, including possibly through its existing At-the-Market offering, licensing, collaboration or similar arrangements,
grants and debt financings. The Company does not have any committed external source of funds. To the extent that the Company raises additional
capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of its stockholders will be diluted, and the
terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of holder of the Company s
common stock. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting the Company s
ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, declaring dividends or other distributions,
selling or licensing intellectual property rights, and other operating restrictions that could adversely affect the Company s ability
to conduct its business. 

If
the Company raises additional funds through licensing, collaboration or similar arrangements, it may have to relinquish valuable rights
to its technologies, future revenue streams, research and development programs or product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that
may not be favorable to the Company. If the Company is unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings or other arrangements
when needed, it may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate its product development or future commercialization efforts or grant
rights to develop and market product candidates that it would otherwise prefer to develop and market itself. 

34 

Microbot
operates in a competitive industry and if its competitors have products that are marketed more effectively or develop products, treatments
or procedures that are similar, more advanced, safer or more effective, its commercial opportunities will be reduced or eliminated, which
would materially harm its business. 

Our
competitors may develop products, treatments or procedures that directly compete with our products and potential products and which are
similar, more advanced, safer or more effective than ours. The medical device industry is very competitive and subject to significant
technological and practice changes. Microbot expects to face competition from many different sources with respect to the LIBERTY and
other products that it is seeking to develop or commercialize with respect to its other product candidates in the future. 

Competing
against large established competitors with significant resources may make establishing a market for any products that it develops difficult
which would have a material adverse effect on Microbot s business. Microbot s commercial opportunities could also be reduced
or eliminated if its competitors develop and commercialize products, treatments or procedures quicker, that are safer, more effective,
are more convenient or are less expensive than the LIBERTY or any product that Microbot may develop. Many of Microbot s potential
competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing,
conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than Microbot may have. Mergers and acquisitions
in the medical device industry market may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of Microbot s
potential competitors. 

Our
business strategy in part relies on identifying, acquiring and developing complementary technologies and products, which entails risks
which could negatively affect our business, operations and financial condition. 

We
have in the past and may again in the future pursue other acquisitions of businesses and technologies. Acquisitions entail numerous risks,
including: 

difficulties in the integration
 of acquired operations, services and products; 

failure to achieve expected
 synergies; 

diversion of management s
 attention from other business concerns; 

assumption of unknown material
 liabilities of acquired companies; 

amortization of acquired
 intangible assets, which could reduce future reported earnings; 

potential loss of clients
 or key employees of acquired companies; and 

dilution to existing stockholders. 

As
part of our growth strategy, we may consider, and from time to time may engage in, discussions and negotiations regarding transactions,
such as acquisitions, mergers and combinations within our industry. The purchase price for possible acquisitions could be paid in cash,
through the issuance of common stock or other securities, borrowings or a combination of these methods. 

We
cannot be certain that we will be able to identify, consummate and successfully integrate acquisitions, and no assurance can be given
with respect to the timing, likelihood or business effect of any possible transaction. For example, we could begin negotiations that
we subsequently decide to suspend or terminate for a variety of reasons. However, opportunities may arise from time to time that we will
evaluate. Any transactions that we consummate would involve risks and uncertainties to us. These risks could cause the failure of any
anticipated benefits of an acquisition to be realized, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. 

35 

Microbot
operations in international markets involve inherent risks that Microbot may not be able to control. 

Microbot s
business plan includes the marketing and sale of its proposed product candidates internationally, and specifically in Europe and Israel.
Accordingly, Microbot s results could be materially and adversely affected by a variety of factors relating to international business
operations that it may or may not be able to control, including: 

adverse macroeconomic conditions
 affecting geographies where Microbot intends to do business; 

closing of international
 borders, including as a result of biohazards or pandemics; 

foreign currency exchange
 rates; 

political or social unrest
 or economic instability in a specific country or region; 

higher costs of doing business
 in certain foreign countries; 

infringement claims on
 foreign patents, copyrights or trademark rights; 

difficulties in staffing
 and managing operations across disparate geographic areas; 

difficulties associated
 with enforcing agreements and intellectual property rights through foreign legal systems; 

trade protection measures
 and other regulatory requirements, which affect Microbot s ability to import or export its product candidates from or to various
 countries; 

adverse tax consequences; 

unexpected changes in legal
 and regulatory requirements; 

military conflict, terrorist
 activities, natural disasters and medical epidemics; and 

Microbot s ability
 to recruit and retain channel partners in foreign jurisdictions. 

Microbot s
financial results may be affected by fluctuations in exchange rates and Microbot s current currency hedging strategy may not be
sufficient to counter such fluctuations. 

Microbot s
financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars and the financial results of the Company are denominated in U.S. dollars, while
a significant portion of Microbot s business is conducted, and a substantial portion of its operating expenses are payable, in
currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Exchange rate fluctuations may have an adverse impact on Microbot s future revenues or expenses
as presented in the financial statements. Microbot may in the future use financial instruments, such as forward foreign currency contracts,
in its management of foreign currency exposure. These contracts would primarily require Microbot to purchase and sell certain foreign
currencies with or for U.S. dollars at contracted rates. Microbot may be exposed to a credit loss in the event of non-performance by
the counterparties of these contracts. In addition, these financial instruments may not adequately manage Microbot s foreign currency
exposure. Microbot s results of operations could be adversely affected if Microbot is unable to successfully manage currency fluctuations
in the future. 

The
market price for our Common Stock may be volatile. 

The
market price for our Common Stock may be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors including the following: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations
 in our quarterly or annual operating results; 

changes in financial or
 operational estimates or projections; 

conditions in markets generally; 

changes in the economic
 performance or market valuations of companies similar to ours; 

announcements by us or
 our competitors of new products, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

our intellectual property
 position; and 

general economic or political
 conditions in the United States, Israel or elsewhere. 

In
addition, the securities market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the
operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of
shares of our Common Stock. 

36 

The
issuance of shares upon exercise of outstanding warrants and options could cause immediate and substantial dilution to existing stockholders. 

The
issuance of shares upon exercise of warrants and options could result in substantial dilution to the interests of other stockholders
since the holders of such securities may ultimately convert and sell the full amount issuable on conversion. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
2. Description of Property. 

Microbot s
principal executive office is located at 25 Recreation Drive, Unit 108, Hingham, MA 02043. Microbot also occupies facilities in premises
of approximately 6,975 square feet at 6 Hayozma St., Yokneam, P.O.B. 242, Israel. This facility is expected to provide the space and
infrastructure necessary to accommodate its development work based on its current operating plan. Microbot does not own any real property. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. However,
litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may
harm business. 

Litigation
Resulting from 2017 Financing 

We
were named as the defendant in a lawsuit captioned Empery Asset Master Ltd., Empery Tax Efficient, LP, Empery Tax Efficient II, LP, Hudson
Bay Master Fund Ltd., Plaintiffs, against Microbot Medical Inc., Defendant, in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of
New York (Index No. 651182/2020). The complaint alleges, among other things, that we breached multiple representations and warranties
contained in the SPA, of which the Plaintiffs participated, and fraudulently induced Plaintiffs into signing the Securities Purchase
Agreement (the SPA related to our June 8, 2017 equity financing (the Financing ). The complaint seeks rescission
of the SPA and return of the Plaintiffs 6.75 million purchase price with respect to the Financing. We are currently in the discovery
phase. Management is unable to assess the likelihood that we will succeed at trial with respect to the SPA or the Financing, having previously
lost another lawsuit with respect to the Financing. 

Alliance
Litigation 

On
April 28, 2019, we brought an action against Alliance Investment Management, Ltd. Alliance ), later amended to include
Joseph Mona Mona as a defendant, in the Southern District of New York under Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C. 78p(b), to compel Alliance and Mona to disgorge short swing profits realized from purchases and sales of our securities
within a period of less than six months. The case is Microbot Medical Inc. v. Alliance Investment Management, Ltd., No. 19-cv-3782-GBD
(SDNY). The amount of profits was estimated in the complaint to be approximately 468,000. 

On
October 28, 2019, Alliance filed a motion for summary judgment requesting that the Court dismiss the claims against Alliance. On February
4, 2020, Mona answered the 16(b) claim we asserted against him by claiming various equitable defenses, and filed a counterclaim against
Microbot under Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, claiming a net loss on trading
Microbot stock of 150,954. 

On
September 17, 2020, the Court issued a Memorandum Decision Order that, among other things, granted Alliance s summary judgment
motion. 

37 

On
March 30, 2021, the Court issued an Order; and on March 31, 2021, the Clerk entered Judgement against Joseph Mona and in favor of Microbot
in the amount of 484,614.30. On April 27, 2021, Mona filed an appeal of the Court s Judgment, which is pending before the U.S.
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. 

In
June 2021, the Magistrate issued an order permitting Mona to file an Amended Counterclaim Complaint, and rejected our request to execute
on the Judgment. We filed a response to Mona s amended counterclaim on July 21, 2021, and in February 2023 filed a motion for summary
judgment on Mona s fraud claim on the basis of inability to demonstrate reliance or loss causation. The motion is scheduled to be fully briefed and submitted on May 1, 2023. 

Other
than the foregoing, we are not currently a party in any legal proceeding or governmental regulatory proceeding nor are we currently aware
of any pending or potential legal proceeding or governmental regulatory proceeding proposed to be initiated against us that would have
a material adverse effect on us or our business. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures . 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our
common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol MBOT since November 29, 2016. Prior to that, our common
stock was traded under the symbol STEM. 

As
of March 28, 2023, there were approximately 102 holders of record of our common stock, and the closing price of our common
stock as reported on the NASDAQ Capital Market was 2.25. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on common stock in the foreseeable
future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings, financial condition, debt covenants in place, and other
business and economic factors affecting us at such time as our Board of Directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends,
our common stock may be less valuable because a return on a stockholders investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information Table 

The
following table provides information about shares of our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options under all of our
existing compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted- average
exercise price
of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance 
 
 Plan Category 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 520,466 
 10.45 
 103,252 
 
 2020 Omnibus Performance Award Plan 
 847,248 
 6.17 
 573,404 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders: 

Microbot Israel Employee Stock Option Plan(1) 
 61,577 
 0.01 
 - 
 
 Stock Options (2) 
 77, 846 
 4.20 
 - 
 
 Total 
 1,507,137 
 
 676,656 

(1) 
 Such options
 were originally issued by Microbot Israel under its Employee Stock Option Plan, and represented the right to purchase an aggregate
 of 500,000 of Microbot Israel s ordinary shares. As of the effective time of the Merger, such options were retroactively adjusted
 to reflect the Merger and now represent the right to purchase shares of our common stock. 
 
 (2) 
 Such options were originally
 issued by Microbot Israel to MEDX Ventures Group LLC, of which Mr. Gadot is the Chief Executive Officer, Company Group Chairman and
 majority equity owner, and represented the right to purchase an aggregate of 486,263 of Microbot Israel s ordinary shares.
 As of the effective time of the Merger, such options were retroactively adjusted to reflect the Merger and now represent the right
 to purchase shares of our common stock. 

38 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Forward
Looking Statements 

Certain
information contained in this MD A includes forward-looking statements. Statements which are not historical reflect
our current expectations and projections about our future results, performance, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations,
prospects and opportunities and are based upon information currently available to us and our management and their interpretation of what
is believed to be significant factors affecting our existing and proposed business, including many assumptions regarding future events.
Actual results, performance, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, prospects and opportunities could differ materially
and perhaps substantially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements as a result of various risks, uncertainties
and other factors, including those risks described in detail in the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors 
as well as elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Forward-looking
statements, which involve assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally identifiable by use
of the words may, should, would, will, could, scheduled, 
 expect, anticipate, estimate, believe, intend, seek, 
or project or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. 

In
light of these risks and uncertainties, and especially given the nature of our existing and proposed business, there can be no assurance
that the forward-looking statements contained in this section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K will in fact occur. Potential
investors should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Except as expressly required by the federal securities laws,
there is no undertaking to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events,
changed circumstances or any other reason. 

Overview 

Microbot
is a pre-clinical medical device company specializing in the research, design and development of next generation robotic endoluminal
surgery devices targeting the minimally invasive surgery space. Microbot is primarily focused on leveraging its medical-robotic technologies
with the goal of redefining surgical robotics while improving surgical outcomes for patients. 

Microbot s
current technological platforms, LIBERTY , One Done TM , NovaCross , ViRob TM and
TipCAT TM , and, are comprised of proprietary innovative technologies. Utilizing the LIBERTY and One 
Done TM platforms, Microbot is developing the first ever fully disposable robotic system for various endovascular
interventional procedures. In addition, the Company is focused on the development of a Multi Generation Pipeline Portfolio utilizing
all of its proprietary technologies. 

Microbot
has a patent portfolio of 58 issued/allowed patents and 51 patent applications pending worldwide, of which 6 issued/allowed patents and
34 patent applications relate to the LIBERTY device. 

39 

Financial
Operations Overview 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses and overhead for Microbot s research, development and
engineering personnel, prototype materials and research studies, obtaining and maintaining Microbot s patent portfolio. Microbot
expenses its research and development costs as incurred. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of the costs associated with management salaries and benefits, professional fees for accounting,
auditing, consulting, legal services, and insurance expenses. 

Microbot
expects that its general and administrative expenses will increase over the long-term, even if a period-to-period comparison may show
a decrease, as it expands its operating activities, maintains compliance with exchange listing and SEC requirements. Microbot expects
these potential increases will likely include management costs, legal fees, accounting fees, directors and officers liability
insurance premiums and expenses associated with investor relations. 

Income
Taxes 

Microbot
has incurred net losses and has not recorded any income tax benefits for the losses. It is still in its development stage and has not
yet generated revenues, therefore, it is more likely than not that sufficient taxable income will not be available for the tax losses
to be fully utilized in the future. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

Management s
discussion and analysis of Microbot s financial condition and results of operations are based on its consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated
financial statements requires Microbot to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses
and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. Microbot bases its estimates
on historical experience, known trends and events, and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

While
Microbot s significant accounting policies are described in more detail in the notes to its consolidated financial statements,
Microbot believes the following accounting policies are the most critical for fully understanding and evaluating its consolidated financial
condition and results of operations. 

Contingencies 

Management
records and discloses legal contingencies in accordance with ASC Topic 450 Contingencies . A provision is recorded when it is both
probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. The Company monitors the stage of
progress of its litigation matters to determine if any adjustments are required. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
Company measures the fair value of certain of its financial instruments on a recurring basis. 

40 

A
fair value hierarchy is used to rank the quality and reliability of the information used to determine fair values. Financial assets and
liabilities carried at fair value will be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: 

Level
1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. 

Level
2 - Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as unadjusted quoted prices for similar assets
and liabilities, unadjusted quoted prices in the markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level
3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or
liabilities. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table sets forth the key components of Microbot s results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
(in thousands): 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 (7,736 
 (6,153 
 (1,583 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 (5,545 
 (5,204 
 (341 
 
 Financing income, net 
 118 
 44 
 74 
 
 Capital loss 
 (5 
 - 
 (5 

Research
and Development Expenses . Microbot s research and development expenses were approximately 7,736,000 for the year ended December
31, 2022, compared to approximately 6,153,000 for the same period in 2021. The increase in research and development expenses of approximately
 1,583,000 in 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to increased salaries and recruitment of employees, professional services and
material expenses relating to the LIBERTY project, minimally offset by savings resulting from the suspension of our SCS research program.
Microbot expects its research and development expenses to continue to increase over time as Microbot advances its development programs
and begins pre-clinical and preparations for clinical trials for the LIBERTY. 

General
and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses were approximately 5,545,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022,
compared to approximately 5,204,000 for the same period in 2021. The increase in general and administrative expenses of approximately
 341,000 in 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to increased salaries, share-based compensation, and travel of 777,000, partially
offset by a decrease of 436,000 in government fees and professional services. Microbot believes its general and administrative expenses
may increase over time as it advances its programs, requiring additional investments in headcount, facilities and other general and administrative
operating activities to support its growth, and as it continues to incur expenses associated with public-company compliance. 

Financing
Income . Financing income was approximately 118,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisting of, income from interest, net
totaling 54,000 and an exchange rate gain of 64,000, compared to approximately 44,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, which
consisted mainly of the reversal of 131,000 of other liability stemming from our 2016 merger with StemCells, offset by exchange rate
expenses of 87,000. 

Capital
loss was approximately 5,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022, relating to assets disposal related to SCS suspension, compared to
 0 of capital loss for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

41 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Microbot
has incurred losses since inception and negative cash flows from operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Microbot had a net working capital of approximately 6,745,000 and 13,895,000, respectively, consisting
primarily of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Microbot anticipates that it will continue to incur net losses for the
foreseeable future as it continues research and development efforts of its product candidates, hires additional staff, including clinical,
scientific, operational, financial and management personnel, and continues to incur costs associated with being a public company. 

Microbot
has funded its operations through the issuance of capital stock, grants from the Israeli Innovation Authority, and convertible debt.
Since inception (November 2010) through December 31, 2022, Microbot has raised net cash proceeds of approximately 59,094,000, and incurred
a total cumulative loss of approximately 68,761,000. Microbot returned 3,375,000 (before interest) of such proceeds to an investor
as a result of an adverse outcome in a litigation that concluded in the first quarter of 2020 and is still subject to an additional lawsuit
seeking the return of an additional 6,750,000 of such proceeds. This litigation is in its discovery stages, and we cannot project what
the eventual outcome will be, though management is vigorously defending its position that no return of capital is warranted. 

Microbot
Israel obtained from the Israeli Innovation Authority IIA grants for participation in research and development for the
years 2013 through December 31, 2022 in the total amount of approximately 1,500,000 and, in return, Microbot Israel is obligated to
pay royalties amounting to 3 -3.5 of its future sales up to the amount of the grant. The grant is linked to the exchange rate of the
dollar to the New Israeli Shekel and bears interest at an annual rate of USD LIBOR. Under the terms of the grant and applicable law,
Microbot is restricted from transferring any technologies, know-how, manufacturing or manufacturing rights developed using the grant
outside of Israel without the prior approval of the Israel Innovation Authority. Microbot has no obligation to repay the grant, if the
SCS project fails, is unsuccessful or aborted before any sales are generated. The financial risk is assumed completely by the IIA. In
addition, in February 2023, Microbot Israel was awarded an NIS 300,000 grant from Israel s Ministry of Economy to encourage the
Company s marketing activities and enhance the commercialization of the LIBERTY Robotic System in the US market, within the scope
of its Smart Money program. 

To
date, we have not generated revenues from our operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities of approximately 8,202,000, excluding encumbered cash, which management believes is sufficient to fund our operations for
less than four months from the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. However, in the event we are unsuccessful in our current litigation
discussed above, pursuant to which certain investors are seeking the return of 6,750,000 in proceeds we received from them in a 2017
stock offering, we will not have funds to continue our operation. As a result of the foregoing and our current cash position, these conditions
raise substantial doubt about Microbot s ability to continue as a going concern beyond approximately the next 4 months, which could
adversely affect our ability to raise capital, expand our business and develop our planned products. 

Microbot
plans to continue to fund its research and development and other operating expenses, other development activities relating to
additional product candidates, and the associated losses from operations, through its existing cash and possibly additional grants.
Microbot intends to also raise capital through future issuances of debt and/or equity securities including registered offerings
under its existing Registration Statement on Form S-3 for up to 75 million of securities, which it may draw down from time to time
subject to limitations on our use of Registration Statements on Form S-3 as a result of our public float. The capital raises from issuances of convertible debt and equity securities could result in additional dilution to
Microbot s shareholders. In addition, to the extent Microbot determines to incur additional indebtedness, Microbot s
incurrence of additional debt could result in debt service obligations and operating and financing covenants that would restrict its
operations. Microbot can provide no assurance that financing will be available in the amounts it needs or on terms acceptable to it,
if at all. If Microbot is not able to secure adequate additional working capital when it becomes needed, it may be required to make
reductions in spending, extend payment terms with suppliers, liquidate assets where possible and/or suspend or curtail planned
research programs. Any of these actions could materially harm Microbot s business. 

42 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table provides a summary of the net cash flow activity for each of the periods presented (in thousands): 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash flows from operating activities 
 (11,549 
 (9,354 
 
 Net cash flows from investing activities 
 (3,836 
 3,200 
 
 Net cash flows from financing activities 
 4,324 
 - 
 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (11,061 
 (6,154 

Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Cash
used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 11,549,000, compared to 9,354,000 in 2021. The
increase was primarily from higher net losses in 2022, mostly related to increase in research and development relating to LIBERTY. 

Net
cash flows from investing activities increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily from the net purchases of marketable securities in
2022. 

Net
cash flows from financing activities increased in 2022 to approximately 4,324,000 due to the issuance of common stock and warrants to
an institutional investor in October 2022. The Company did not raise capital in 2021. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Interest
Rate Risk 

Microbot s
cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 consisted of readily available checking and money market funds. Microbot s primary
exposure to market risk is interest income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. However,
because of the short-term nature of the instruments in Microbot s portfolio, a sudden change in market interest rates would not
be expected to have a material impact on Microbot s financial condition and/or results of operations. Microbot does not believe
that its cash or cash equivalents have significant risk of default or illiquidity. While Microbot believes its cash and cash equivalents
do not contain excessive risk, Microbot cannot provide absolute assurance that in the future its investments will not be subject to adverse
changes in market value. In addition, Microbot maintains significant amounts of cash and cash equivalents at one or more financial institutions
that are in excess of federally insured limits. 

Foreign
Exchange Risks 

Our
financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars and financial results are denominated in U.S. dollars, while a significant portion
of our business is conducted, and a substantial portion of our operating expenses are payable, in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. 

Exchange
rate fluctuations may have an adverse impact on our future revenues, if any, or expenses as presented in the financial statements. We
may in the future use financial instruments, such as forward foreign currency contracts, in its management of foreign currency exposure.
These contracts would primarily require us to purchase and sell certain foreign currencies with or for U.S. dollars at contracted rates.
We may be exposed to a credit loss in the event of non-performance by the counterparties of these contracts. In addition, these financial
instruments may not adequately manage our foreign currency exposure. Our results of operations could be adversely affected if we are
unable to successfully manage currency fluctuations in the future. 

Effects
of Inflation 

Inflation
generally affects Microbot by increasing its research and development expenses. Microbot does not believe that inflation and changing
prices had a significant impact on its results of operations for any periods presented herein, but may have a significant, adverse impact
in 2023. 

43 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
consolidated financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K immediately
following Part IV and are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures . We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange
Act). As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, management of the Company, under the direction of our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, reviewed and performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on that review and evaluation, the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, along with the management of the Company, have determined that as of December 31,
2022, the disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed
by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms and were effective to provide reasonable assurance that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a 15(f) of the Exchange Act). There are inherent limitations
to the effectiveness of any internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls.
Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation.
Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control may vary over time. We have assessed the effectiveness
of our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a -15(f) of the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022, and have
concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of
the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, identified
in connection with the evaluation of such internal control that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

44 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 

Board
of Directors 

We
currently have seven directors serving on our Board. The following table lists the names, ages and positions of the individuals who serve
as directors of the Company, as of March 30, 2023: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Harel Gadot 
 
 51 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Yoseph Bornstein(1)(3) 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Scott Burell(1)(2) 
 
 58 
 
 Director 
 
 Martin Madden(1)(3) 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 Prattipati Laxminarain(2) 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Aileen Stockburger(3) 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 Tal Wenderow(2) 
 
 48 
 
 Director 

(1) 
 Member of Audit Committee. 
 
 (2) 
 Member of Corporate Governance Committee. 
 
 (3) 
 Member of Compensation Committee. 

We
have a classified Board, with each of our directors serving a staggered three-year term. The following table shows the current composition
of the three classes of our Board: 

Class
I Directors (terms scheduled to expire in 2025): 

Harel Gadot 

Martin Madden 

Tal Wenderow 

Class
II Directors (term scheduled to expire in 2023): 

Scott
 Burell 

Aileen Stockburger 

Class
III Directors (term scheduled to expire in 2024): 

Yoseph Bornstein 

Prattipati Laxminarain 

Harel
Gadot , became President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company s Board following the consummation of the merger
of C RD Israel Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, with and into Microbot Medical Ltd. Microbot Israel ),
with Microbot Israel surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ). Mr. Gadot is a co-founder of Microbot
Israel and has served as Microbot Israel s Chief Executive Officer since Microbot Israel was founded in November 2010. He has been
the Chairman of Microbot Israel s board of directors since July 2014. He also serves as the Chairman of XACT Robotics Ltd., an
Israel-based private company seeking to develop a novel platform technology for robotic needle steering in minimally invasive interventional
procedures such as biopsies and ablations, since August 2013 and MEDX Xelerator L.P., a medical device and digital health Israeli incubator,
since July 2016. From December 2007 to April 2010 Mr. Gadot was a Worldwide Group Marketing Director at Ethicon Inc., a Johnson and Johnson
Company, where he was responsible for the global strategic marketing of the Company. Mr. Gadot also held management positions, as well
as leading regional strategic position for Europe, Middle-East and Africa, as well as In Israel, while at Johnson and Johnson. Mr. Gadot
served as director for ConTIPI Ltd. from August 2010 until November 2013 when ConTIPI Ltd. was acquired by Kimberly-Clark Corporation.
Mr. Gadot holds a B.Sc. in Business from Siena College, Loudonville NY, and an M.B.A. from the University of Manchester, UK. The Company
believes that Mr. Gadot is qualified to serve as Chairman of the Board and as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company due
to his extensive experience in strategic marketing and general management in the medical device industry. 

45 

Yoseph
Bornstein , became a director of the Company following the Merger. Mr. Bornstein is a co-founder of Microbot Israel and has been a
member of the Board of Directors since Microbot Israel was founded in November 2010. Mr. Bornstein founded Shizim Ltd., a life science
holding group in October 2000 and has served as its CEO and director since then. Mr. Bornstein is the Chairman of, and through Shizim
owns a stake in: GCP Clinical Studies Ltd., a provider of clinical research services and educational programs in Israel since January
2002; Biotis Ltd., a service company for the bio-pharmaceutical industry, since June 2000; Dolphin Medical Ltd., which supplies the medical
device industry, since April 2012, and LSA Life Science Accelerator Ltd., since 2000. He is the Chairman of ASIS Enterprises
B.B.G. Ltd., a business development company focusing on creating business ties between Israeli and Japanese entities, since August 2007.
Mr. Bornstein is a co-founder and director of XACT Robotics, which is developing a novel platform technology for robotic needle steering
in minimally invasive interventional procedures. In October 1992, Mr. Bornstein founded Pharmateam Ltd., an Israeli company that specialized
in representing international pharmaceutical companies which was sold in 2000. Mr. Bornstein is also a founder of a number of other privately
held life-science companies. Mr. Bornstein served as the Biotechnology Committee Chairman of the United States-Israel Science Technology
Commission (the USISTC from September 2002 to February 2005 as well as a consultant for USISTC from September 2002 to
February 2005. He is also the founder of ILSI-Israel Life Science Industry Organization (who was integrated into IATI) and ITTN-Israel
Tech Transfer Organization. He founded in July 2014 ShizimXL Ltd., an international medical device innovation center, and founded in
January 2020 ShizimVS Ltd., a digital health innovation center. Mr. Bornstein is an external director in Can-fit BioPharma Ltd. (Nasdaq:CANF).
The Company believes that Mr. Bornstein is qualified to serve as a member of the Board due to his extensive experience in, and knowledge
of, the life sciences industry and international business. 

Scott
R. Burell , became a director of the Company following the Merger. Since August 1, 2018, Mr. Burell has been the Chief Financial Officer
and Secretary of AIVITA Biomedical, Inc., an Irvine California-based immuno-oncology company focused on the advancement of commercial
and clinical-stage programs utilizing curative and regenerative medicines. From November 2006 until its sale to Invitae Corp. (NASDAQ:
NVTA) in November 2017, he was the Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of CombiMatrix Corporation (NASDAQ: CBMX), a family
health-focused clinical molecular diagnostic laboratory specializing in pre-implantation genetic screening, prenatal diagnosis, miscarriage
analysis, and pediatric developmental disorders. He successfully led the split-off of CombiMatrix in 2007 from its former parent, has
led several successful public and private debt and equity financing transactions as well as CombiMatrix s reorganization in 2010.
Prior to this, Mr. Burell had served as CombiMatrix s Vice President of Finance since November 2001 and as its Controller from
February 2001 to November 2001. From May 1999 to first joining CombiMatrix in February 2001, Mr. Burell was the Controller for Network
Commerce, Inc. (NASDAQ: SPNW), a publicly traded technology and information infrastructure company located in Seattle. Prior to this,
Mr. Burell spent nine years with Arthur Andersen s Audit and Business Advisory practice in Seattle. During his tenure in public
accounting, Mr. Burell worked with many clients, both public and private, in the high-tech and healthcare markets, and was involved in
numerous public offerings, spin-offs, mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Burell obtained his Washington state CPA license in 1992 and is a
certified public accountant (currently inactive). He holds Bachelor of Science degrees in Accounting and Business Finance from Central
Washington University. The Company believes Mr. Burell s qualifications to serve on the Board include his experience as an executive
of a public life sciences company and knowledge of financial accounting in the medical technology field. 

Martin
Madden , has been a director of the Company since February 6, 2017. Mr. Madden has held various positions at Johnson Johnson
and its affiliates from 1986 to January 2017, most recently as Vice President, Research Development of DePuy Synthes, a Johnson
 Johnson Company, from February 2016 to January 2017. Prior to that, from July 2015 to February 2016, Mr. Madden was the Vice President,
New Product Development of Johnson Johnson Medical Devices. From January 2012 to July 2015, Mr. Madden was the Vice President,
Research Development of Johnson Johnson s Global Surgery Group. During his thirty-year tenure with Johnson Johnson s
Medical Device organization, he was an innovator and research leader for nearly every medical device business including Cardiology, Electrophysiology,
Peripheral Vascular Surgery, General and Colorectal Surgery, Aesthetics, Orthopaedics, Sports Medicine, Spine, and Trauma. As an executive
of Johnson Johnson, Mr. Madden served on the management boards of Johnson Johnson s Global Surgery Group, Ethicon,
Ethicon Endo-Surgery, DePuy-Synthes, and Cordis, with responsibility for research and development inclusive of organic and licensed/acquired
technology. He was also Chairman of J J s Medical Device Research Council, with responsibility for talent strategy and technology
acceleration. Mr. Madden serves on the Board of Directors of Novocure (NASDAQ: NVCR), a global oncology company, and is an advisor to
numerous medical device start-ups. Mr. Madden holds a MBA from Columbia University, a M.S. from Carnegie Mellon University in Mechanical
Engineering, and a B.S. from the University of Dayton in Mechanical Engineering. The Company believes that Mr. Madden is qualified to
serve as a member of the Board due to his extensive experience in research and development, portfolio planning, technology assessment
and assimilation, and project management and budgeting. 

46 

Prattipati
Laxminarain , has been a director of the Company since December 6, 2017. From April 2006 through October 2017, Mr. Laxminarain served
as Worldwide President at Codman Neuro, a global neurosurgery and neurovascular company that offers a portfolio of devices for hydrocephalus
management, neuro intensive care and cranial surgery and other technologies, and which was part of DePuy Synthes Companies of Johnson
 Johnson. Mr. Laxminarain is currently the CEO of Deinde Medical Corporation, and is a Board Member of Oculogica Inc., Millar Inc.,
and GT Medical Inc. He has a degree in Mechanical Engineering from Osmania University, Hyderabad, India and an MBA from Indian Institute
of Management. The Company believes that Mr. Laxminarain is qualified as a Board member of the Company because of his extensive experience
working with medical device companies and knowledge of the industries in which the Company intends to compete. 

Aileen
Stockburger was appointed by the Board on March 26, 2020 to fill a vacancy on the Board and to serve as a Class II director of the
Company, with a term commencing on April 1, 2020. Since February 2018, Ms. Stockburger has provided M A consulting and advisory services
through Aileen Stockburger LLC. Prior to that, from 1989 through January 2018, Ms. Stockburger held various positions in Johnson 
Johnson, most recently as Vice President, Worldwide Business Development Strategic Planning for the DePuy Synthes Group of Johnson
 Johnson, and as a member of its Worldwide Board and Group Operating Committee, from 2010-2018. In that role, she oversaw the group s
merger and acquisition activities, including deal structuring, negotiations, contract design and review, and deal terms. Before joining
Johnson Johnson, Ms. Stockburger spent several years at PriceWaterhouseCoopers, and earned her CPA certification. She is also a
Non-Executive Director of Next Science Limited (ASX: NXS), a medical technology company headquartered in Sydney, Australia, with a primary
focus in the development and continued commercialization of its proprietary technology to reduce the impact of biofilm based infections
in human health. She also serve on the Audit Committee and the People, Culture and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors of
Next Science Limited. Ms. Stockburger received her MBA and BS from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania. The Company believes
that Ms. Stockburger is qualified as a Board member of the Company because of her extensive experience in strategizing, managing and
closing sizable, complex worldwide mergers and acquisitions, licensing agreements and divestitures, as well as her expertise in business
development, strategic planning and finance. 

Tal
Wenderow was appointed by the Board on July 29, 2020 to fill a vacancy on the Board and to serve as a Class I director of the Company,
with a term commencing on August 1, 2020. Since September 2021, Mr. Wenderow serves as the Venture Partner at Genesis MedTech, a global
medical device company. Previously, from February 2019, Mr. Wenderow served as the President and CEO of Vocalis Health Inc., an AI healthtech
company pioneering the development of vocal biomarkers. Previously, Mr. Wenderow co-founded Corindus Vascular Robotics in 2002, which
was a New York Stock Exchange-listed company upon its acquisition by Siemens Healthineers in 2019. Mr. Wenderow held various positions
at Corindus from founder, Chief Executive Officer and director at inception, Executive Vice President Product Business Development
to his most recent role as Executive Vice President of International Business Development. Mr. Wenderow received a B.Sc. in Mechanical
Engineering at the Technion Israel Institute of Technology, Haifa, Israel. The Company believes that Mr. Wenderow is qualified
as a Board member of the Company because of his extensive knowledge of the medical robotics space with specific focus on interventional
procedures, as well as his medical devices start up experience. 

47 

Executive
Officers 

Following
are the name, age and other information for our executive officers, as of March 31, 2023. All company officers have been appointed to
serve until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. Information regarding Harel Gadot,
our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, is set forth above under Board of Directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Harel Gadot 
 
 51 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Rachel Vaknin 
 
 44 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Simon Sharon 
 
 63 
 
 Chief Technology Officer
 and General Manager, Microbot Israel 
 
 Eyal Morag 
 
 58 
 
 Chief Medical Officer 

Rachel
Vaknin, has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer since April 2022 and before that was its VP Finance since January
2022. From September 2017 to December 2021, Ms. Vaknin served as the Chief Financial Officer at Imagry, an Israeli-American autonomous
technologies software provider. From April 2004 through December 2016, Ms. Vaknin was the FP A Department Manager at Mellanox Technologies
Ltd., an Israeli-American multinational supplier of computer networking products acquired by Nvidia in 2020, where she was responsible,
among other things, for budget planning, budget control, building and maintaining business intelligence key performance indicators, leading
teams with respect to preparing quarterly financial statements, obtaining and managing grant monies, and Sarbanes-Oxley controls. 

Simon
Sharon , has served as the Company s Chief Technology Officer since April 2018 and as the General Manager of Microbot Israel
since April 2021. From August 2016 to March 2018, Mr. Sharon served as the Chief Technology Officer at MEDX Xelerator, an Israel-based
medical device and digital health incubator. He is also a director of XACT Robotics Ltd., a private Israeli company developing a novel
platform robotic technology for needle steering in minimally invasive interventional procedures. Mr. Harel Gadot, the Company s
President, CEO and Chairman, is the Chairman of each of XACT and MEDX Xelerator. Prior to this, Mr. Sharon held the position of Chief
Operating Officer at Microbot Israel before it became a publicly traded company from February 2013 to August 2016. Prior to joining Microbot
Israel, Mr. Sharon was the Vice President of Research Development with IceCure Medical, a TASE traded company developing a portfolio
of cryogenic ablation systems. Prior to IceCure, he held roles of increasing responsibility at Rockwell Automation Anorad Israel
Ltd., a leading linear motor-based, precision positioning equipment manufacturer. Prior to Rockwell, Mr. Sharon was the Research 
Development Manager at Disc-O-Tech Medical Technologies Ltd., a private orthopedic venture that was acquired by Kyphon (currently part
of Medtronic), and before this was the Research Development Manager at CI Systems, a worldwide supplier of a wide range of electro-optical
test and measurement equipment. 

Eyal
Morag , has served as the Company s Chief Medical Officer CMO since May 2020. As CMO, Dr. Morag leads the development
and execution of the clinical strategy of the Company, including its current development of the SCS and LIBERTY products as well as its
future pipeline. Dr. Morag is a member of the Company s Scientific Advisory Board since November 1, 2017. Dr. Morag is certified
by the American Board of Radiology, and from March 2017 through May 2020 has been the Chairman of Radiology at Assuta Ashdod Medical
Center, Ashdod, Israel. Previously, from July 2014 through March 2017, he was the senior Radiologist at URG Teleradiology LLC, the largest
provider of subspecialty radiology and teleradiology services in New Jersey. He is a graduate of Boston University School of Medicine
and completed both his Radiology residency and Fellowship in Cardiovascular Interventional Radiology at the Beth Israel Deaconess
Medical Center Harvard Medical School. Following his clinical training, Dr. Morag then joined a private practice in western Massachusetts,
where he served as Chief of Radiology at Holyoke Medical Center for several years. He has also served as the Regional Radiology Director
at Mercy Health Partners Hospitals in Toledo, Ohio, and was a member of the University Radiology Group where he headed the International
Investment efforts for the Ventures division. Dr. Morag s international experience developing and establishing radiology-related
businesses includes teleradiology, interventional Radiology services, and free-standing imaging centers. During his fellowship, Dr. Morag
co-founded InTek Technology, a medical device startup company. Later he founded Global Versa Radiology GVR ), an Israeli
and U.S. based teleradiology company. GVR has established imaging centers in Russia and Ukraine and provided teleradiology services in
countries outside the U.S. and Israel. Dr. Morag served as GVR s Chief Medical Officer and Vice-President. He continues to be involved
in several startup companies ranging from AI to medical devices. Dr. Morag is also a member of the Advisory Board of MEDX Xelerator,
a medical device and digital health incubator, of which Mr. Gadot is Chairman. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Presently,
the Board has three standing committees the Audit Committee, the Compensation and Stock Option Committee (the Compensation
Committee ), and the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee (the Corporate Governance Committee ). All members
of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Corporate Governance Committee are, and are required by the charters of the
respective committees to be, independent as determined under Nasdaq Listing rules. 

48 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee is composed of Messrs. Burell, Madden and Bornstein. Each of the members of the Audit Committee is independent, and the
Board has determined that Mr. Burell is an audit committee financial expert, as defined in SEC rules. The Audit Committee
acts pursuant to a written charter which is available through our website at www.microbotmedical.com. The Audit Committee held four meetings
during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
primary function of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities. The Audit Committee
does this primarily by reviewing the Company s financial reports and other financial information as well as the Company s
systems of internal controls regarding finance, accounting, legal compliance, and ethics that management and the Board of Directors have
established. The Audit Committee also assesses the Company s auditing, accounting and financial processes more generally. The Audit
Committee recommends to the Board of Directors the appointment of a firm of independent auditors to audit the financial statements of
the Company and meets with such personnel of the Company to review the scope and the results of the annual audit, the amount of audit
fees, the company s internal accounting controls, the Company s financial statements contained in this proxy statement, and
other related matters. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee is composed of Messrs. Madden (Chairman), Bornstein and Stockburger. Each of the members of the Compensation Committee
is independent. The Compensation Committee acts pursuant to a written charter which is available through our website at www.microbotmedical.com.
The Compensation Committee held two meetings during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and acted by unanimous written consent two
times. 

The
Compensation Committee acts pursuant to a written charter. The Compensation Committee makes recommendations to the Board of Directors
and management concerning salaries in general, determines executive compensation and approves incentive compensation for employees and
consultants. 

Corporate
Governance Committee 

The
Corporate Governance Committee is composed of Messrs. Laxminarain, Burell and Wenderow. Each of the members of the Corporate Governance
Committee is independent. The Corporate Governance Committee acts pursuant to a written charter which is available through our website
at www.microbotmedical.com. The Corporate Governance Committee acted by unanimous written consent one time during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022. 

The
Corporate Governance Committee oversees nominations to the Board and considers the experience, ability and character of potential nominees
to serve as directors, as well as particular skills or knowledge that may be desirable in light of the Company s position at any
time. From time to time, the Corporate Governance Committee may engage the services of a paid search firm to help the Corporate Governance
Committee identify potential nominees to the Board. The Corporate Governance Committee and Board seek to nominate and appoint candidates
to the Board who have significant business experience, technical expertise or personal attributes, or a combination of these, sufficient
to suggest, in the Board s judgment, that the candidate would have the ability to help direct the affairs of the Company and enhance
the Board as a whole. The Corporate Governance Committee may identify potential candidates through any reliable means available, including
recommendations of past or current members of the Board from their knowledge of the industry and of the Company. The Corporate Governance
Committee also considers past service on the Board or on the board of directors of other publicly traded or technology focused companies.
The Corporate Governance Committee has not adopted a formulaic approach to evaluating potential nominees to the Board; it does not have
a formal policy concerning diversity, for example. Rather, the Corporate Governance Committee weighs and considers the experience, expertise,
intellect, and judgment of potential nominees irrespective of their race, gender, age, religion, or other personal characteristics. The
Corporate Governance Committee may look for nominees that can bring new skill sets or diverse business perspectives. Potential candidates
recommended by security holders will be considered as provided in the company s Policy Regarding Shareholder Candidates
for Nomination as a Director, which sets forth the procedures and conditions for such recommendations. This policy is available
through our website at www.microbotmedical.com. 

49 

Director
Oversight and Qualifications 

While
management is responsible for the day-to-day management of the risks the company faces, the Board, as a whole and through its committees,
has responsibility for the oversight of risk management. An important part of risk management is not only understanding the risks facing
the company and what steps management is taking to manage those risks, but also understanding what level of risk is appropriate for the
company. In support of this oversight function, the Board receives regular reports from our Chief Executive Officer and members of senior
management on operational, financial, legal, and regulatory issues and risks. The Audit Committee additionally is charged under its charter
with oversight of financial risk, including the company s internal controls, and it receives regular reports from management, the
company s internal auditors and the company s independent auditors. The chairman of the Board and independent members of
the Board work together to provide strong, independent oversight of the company s management and affairs through its standing committees
and, when necessary, special meetings of directors. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics and Conduct that applies to all of our directors, officers, employees, and consultants. A copy of our code
of ethics is posted on our website at www.microbotmedical.com. We intend to disclose any substantive amendment or waivers to this code
on our website. There were no substantive amendments or waivers to this code in 2022. 

Section
16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors, and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our
equity securities, to file with the SEC reports of ownership of our securities and changes in reported ownership. Executive officers,
directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC rules to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they
file. Based solely on a review of the copies of such forms furnished to us, or written representations from the reporting persons that
no Form 5 was required, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, with the exception of one untimely Form 3 for
Ms. Vaknin, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners have been
met. 

50 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding each element of compensation that was paid or awarded to the named executive officers
of the Company for the periods indicated. 

Name and Principal
 Position 
 Year 
 Salary
 ) 
 Bonus
 ) 
 Stock
 Awards ) 
 Option
 Awards ) (1) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Harel Gadot 
 2022 
 5 42 ,000 
 386,000 (2) 
 
 971,217 
 
 13,800 (3) 
 1,913,017 
 
 CEO, President Chairman 
 2021 
 5 34 ,000 
 300,000 (4) 
 
 959,618 
 
 13,800 (3) 
 1,807,418 

Simon Sharon 
 2022 
 348,197 
 89,721 
 
 65,114 
 
 23,298 (5) 
 526,330 
 
 CTO and General Manager 
 2021 
 365,472 
 110,293 
 
 58,142 
 
 26,106 (5) 
 560,013 

Eyal Morag 
 2022 
 401,517 
 89,164 
 
 90,836 
 
 19,752 (5) 
 601,269 
 
 Chief Medical Officer 
 2021 
 453,000 
 91,000 
 
 46,000 
 
 23,059 (5) 
 613,059 

Rachel Vaknin 
 2022 
 189,384 

45,263 

234,647 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 - 

- 

- 

(1) 
 Amounts shown do not reflect
 cash compensation actually received by the named executive officer. Instead, the amounts shown are the non-cash aggregate grant date
 fair values of stock option awards made during the periods presented as determined pursuant to ASC Topic 718 and excludes the effect
 of forfeiture assumptions. The assumptions used to calculate the fair value of stock option awards are set forth under Note 9 to
 the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
 31, 2022. 
 
 (2) 
 Represents Mr. Gadot s
 bonus for the 2022 fiscal year, which amount was actually paid in 2023. 
 
 (3) 
 All Other Compensation
 includes Mr. Gadot s monthly automobile allowance and tax gross-up. 
 
 (4) 
 Represents Mr. Gadot s
 bonus for the 2021 fiscal year, which amount was actually paid in 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 All Other Compensation
 includes the executive s yearly automobile allowance. 

51 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table presents the outstanding equity awards held by each of the named executive officers as of the end of the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
 Market value of Shares of Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 

Harel Gadot 
 77,846 
 
 4.20 
 1/01/2025 

120,847 
 - 
 15.75 
 9/14/2027 

166,666 
 
 9.64 
 2/25/2030 

166,250 
 23,750 
 8.48 
 02/01/2031 

32,500 
 67,500 
 6.48 
 01/26/2032 

- 
 160,000 
 3.73 
 12/21/2032 

Simon Sharon 
 10,000 
 
 9.00 
 08/13/2028 

14,170 
 - 
 5.95 
 08/12/2029 

8,125 
 16,875 
 6.48 
 01/26/2032 

Eyal Morag 
 21,250 
 3,750 
 6.16 
 7/14/2030 

8,125 
 16,875 
 6.48 
 01/26/2032 

Rachel Vaknin 
 6,500 
 13,500 
 6.48 
 01/26/2032 

- 
 10,000 
 4.80 
 07/18/2032 

- 
 13,000 
 3.73 
 12/21/2032 

Executive
Employment Agreements 

The
Company entered into an employment agreement (the Gadot Agreement with Harel Gadot on November 28, 2016, to serve as the
Company s Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, on an indefinite basis subject to the termination provisions
described in the Agreement. The Gadot Agreement was amended most recently on January 26, 2022, with a subsequent annual salary increase
on December 21, 2022. Mr. Gadot s annual base salary for 2022 was 515,000, and has been increased to 530,450 for 2023. The salary
is reviewed on an annual basis by the Compensation Committee of the Company to determine potential increases taking into account such
performance metrics and criteria as established by Mr. Gadot and the Company. 

Effective
as of January 26, 2022, Mr. Gadot shall also be entitled to receive a target annual cash bonus of up to a maximum amount of 75 of base
salary, which maximum amount was paid for the 2022 fiscal year. 

Mr.
Gadot shall be further entitled to a monthly automobile allowance and tax gross up on such allowance of 1,150. Upon execution of the
Gadot Agreement, he was granted options to purchase shares of common stock of the Company representing 5 of the issued and outstanding
shares of the Company. Since then, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors considers the granting to Mr. Gadot of additional
compensatory options on an annual basis. Most recently, in December 2022, the Company granted Mr. Gadot 160,000 options. 

In
the event Mr. Gadot s employment is terminated as a result of death, Mr. Gadot s estate would be entitled to receive any
earned annual salary, bonus, reimbursement of business expenses and accrued vacation, if any, that is unpaid up to the date of Mr. Gadot s
death. 

In
the event Mr. Gadot s employment is terminated as a result of disability, Mr. Gadot would be entitled to receive any earned annual
salary, bonus, reimbursement of business expenses and accrued vacation, if any, incurred up to the date of termination. 

In
the event Mr. Gadot s employment is terminated by the Company for cause, Mr. Gadot would be entitled to receive any compensation
then due and payable incurred up to the date of termination. 

In
the event Mr. Gadot s employment is terminated by the Company without cause, he would be entitled to receive (i) any earned annual
salary; (ii) 12 months pay and full benefits, (iii) a pro rata bonus equal to the maximum target bonus for that calendar year;
(iv) the dollar value of unused and accrued vacation days; and (v) applicable premiums (inclusive of premiums for Mr. Gadot s dependents)
pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986, as amended, for twelve (12) months from the date of termination
for any benefits plan sponsored by the Company. In addition, 100 of any unvested portion of his stock options shall immediately vest
and become exercisable. 

The
agreement contains customary non-competition and non-solicitation provisions pursuant to which Mr. Gadot agrees not to compete and solicit
with the Company. Mr. Gadot also agreed to customary terms regarding confidentiality and ownership of intellectual property. 

52 

Rachel
Vaknin Employment Agreement 

We
entered into an employment agreement (the Vaknin Agreement ), as of January 2, 2022, with Ms. Vaknin, to serve as the Company s
Chief Financial Officer, on an indefinite basis subject to the termination provisions described in the Vaknin Agreement. The salary is
reviewed on an annual basis by the Compensation Committee of the Company to determine potential increases taking into account such performance
metrics and criteria as established by the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Vaknin Agreement, Ms. Vaknin shall receive a base salary
in 2022 of NIS 32,000 per month plus Global Overtime (as defined in the Vaknin Agreement) of NIS 8,000 per month. In January 2023, her
annual base salary was increased to 170,000. 

Ms.
Vaknin shall also be entitled to receive a target annual cash bonus, based on certain milestones, of up to a maximum amount of 25 (increased
from 20 in January 2023) of her annual salary. 

Ms.
Vaknin shall be further entitled to a monthly automobile allowance not to exceed NIS 1,000 per month plus expenses and applicable taxes,
and originally was granted options to purchase 20,000 shares of common stock of the Company based on vesting and other terms set forth
in the Vaknin Agreement. Since then, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors considers the granting to Ms. Vaknin of additional
compensatory options on an annual basis. Most recently, in January 2023, the Company granted Ms. Vaknin 10,000 options. 

Pursuant
to the Vaknin Agreement, the Company shall pay an amount equal to 8.33 of Ms. Vaknin s salary to be allocated for severance pay,
6.5 of Ms. Vaknin s salary to be allocated for pension savings and 7.5 to be allocated to an educational fund. The Company may
have additional payment obligations for disability insurance as specified in the Vaknin Agreement. 

Either
the Company or Ms. Vaknin may terminate the Vaknin Agreement at its discretion at any time by providing the other party with two months
prior written notice of termination (the Advance Notice Period ). 

The
Company may terminate the Vaknin Agreement For Cause (as defined in the Vaknin Agreement) at any time by written notice
without the Advance Notice Period. 

The
Vaknin Agreement contains customary non-competition and non-solicit provisions pursuant to which Ms. Vaknin agrees not to compete and
solicit with the Company. Ms. Vaknin also agreed to customary terms regarding confidentiality and ownership of intellectual property. 

Simon
Sharon Employment Agreement 

The
Company entered into an employment agreement, dated as of March 31, 2018 and amended pursuant to a First Amendment to Employment Agreement
dated as of April 19, 2021 (as so amended, the Sharon Agreement ), with Mr. Sharon, to serve as the Company s Chief
Technology Officer and the General Manager of Microbot Israel, on an indefinite basis subject to the termination provisions described
in the Sharon Agreement. 

The
salary is reviewed on an annual basis by the Compensation Committee of the Company to determine potential increases taking into account
such performance metrics and criteria as established by the Company. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Sharon Agreement, Mr. Sharon received in 2022 a combined base salary and overtime payment of NIS72,000 per month.
Mr. Sharon is also entitled to receive an annual cash bonus of up to 35 of the annual combined salary and overtime payment, based on
certain performance factors established and assessed by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company, which he
received in full for the 2022 fiscal year. For 2023, his annual base salary increased to NIS74,160 per month. 

Mr.
Sharon shall be further entitled to a monthly automobile allowance plus a tax gross up to cover taxes relating to the grant of such motor
vehicle, and pursuant to the Sharon Agreement was initially granted options in 2018 to purchase 150,000 shares (pre-stock split) of common
stock of the Company. 

53 

Pursuant
to the Sharon Agreement, the Company pays to (unless agreed otherwise by the parties) an insurance company or a pension fund, for Mr.
Sharon, an amount equal to 8.33 of the base salary and overtime payments, which shall be allocated to a fund for severance pay, and
an additional amount equal to 6.5 of the base salary and overtime payments, which shall be allocated to a provident fund or pension
plan. The Company also pays an additional sum for disability insurance to insure Mr. Sharon for up to 75 of base salary and overtime
payments, and 7.5 of each monthly payment to be allocated to an educational fund. 

Either
the Company or Mr. Sharon may terminate the Sharon Agreement without cause (as defined in the Sharon Agreement) by providing the other
party with ninety days prior written notice. 

The
Company may terminate the Sharon Agreement for cause at any time by written notice without any advance notice. 

The
Sharon Agreement contains customary non-competition and non-solicit provisions pursuant to which Mr. Sharon agrees not to compete and
solicit with the Company. Mr. Sharon also agreed to customary terms regarding confidentiality and ownership of intellectual property. 

Eyal
Morag Employment Agreement 

We
entered into an employment agreement (the Morag Agreement ), as of February 18, 2020, with Dr. Morag, to serve as the Company s
Chief Medical Officer, on an indefinite basis subject to the termination provisions described in the Morag Agreement. The salary is reviewed
on an annual basis by the Compensation Committee of the Company to determine potential increases taking into account such performance
metrics and criteria as established by the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Morag Agreement, Dr. Morag shall receive a base salary
in 2022 of NIS64,000 per month plus Global Overtime (as defined in the Morag Agreement) of NIS16,000 per month. For 2023, his annual
base salary increased to NIS82,408 per month. 

Dr.
Morag shall also be entitled to receive a target annual cash bonus, based on certain milestones, of up to a maximum amount of 30 of
his annual salary, which he received in full for the 2022 fiscal year. 

Dr.
Morag shall be further entitled to a monthly automobile allowance not to exceed NIS 4,800 per month plus expenses and applicable taxes,
and shall be granted options to purchase 25,000 shares of common stock of the Company based on vesting and other terms set forth in the
Morag Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the Morag Agreement, the Company shall pay an amount equal to 8.33 of Dr. Morag s salary to be allocated for severance pay,
6.5 of Dr. Morag s salary to be allocated for pension savings and 7.5 to be allocated to an educational fund. The Company may
have additional payment obligations for disability insurance as specified in the Morag Agreement. 

Either
the Company or Dr. Morag may terminate the Morag Agreement at its discretion at any time by providing the other party with six months
prior written notice of termination (the Advance Notice Period ). 

The
Company may terminate the Morag Agreement For Cause (as defined in the Morag Agreement) at any time by written notice without
the Advance Notice Period. 

The
Morag Agreement contains customary non-competition and non-solicit provisions pursuant to which Dr. Morag agrees not to compete and solicit
with the Company. Dr. Morag also agreed to customary terms regarding confidentiality and ownership of intellectual property. 

54 

Indemnification
Agreements 

The
Company generally enters into indemnification agreements with each of its directors and executive officers. Pursuant to the indemnification
agreements, the Company has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless these current and former directors and officers to the fullest extent
permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. The agreements generally cover expenses that a director or officer incurs or amounts
that a director or officer becomes obligated to pay because of any proceeding to which he is made or threatened to be made a party or
participant by reason of his service as a current or former director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, provided that he acted
in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. The agreements also
provide for the advancement of expenses to the directors and officers subject to specified conditions. There are certain exceptions to
the Company s obligation to indemnify the directors and officers, and, with certain exceptions, with respect to proceedings that
he initiates. 

Limits
on Liability and Indemnification 

We
provide directors and officers insurance for our current directors and officers. 

Our
certificate of incorporation eliminate the personal liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. The certificate
of incorporation further provide that the Company will indemnify its officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. We
believe that this indemnification covers at least negligence on the part of the indemnified parties. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities
under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers, and controlling persons under the foregoing provisions or otherwise,
we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed
in the Securities Act of 1933 and is therefore unenforceable. 

Director
Compensation 

The
Company adopted in January 2021 an amended compensation package for the non-management members of its Board, pursuant to which each such
Board member would receive for his or her services 35,000 per annum. Furthermore, each member of the Audit Committee of the Board receives
an additional 10,000 per annum 20,000 if Chairman), each member of the Compensation Committee of the Board receives an additional
 7,500 per annum 15,000 if Chairman) and each member of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board receives an
additional 5,000 per annum 10,000 if Chairman). Board members are also entitled to receive equity awards. Upon joining the Board,
a member would receive an initial grant of 190,000 of stock options (calculated as the product of the exercise price on the date of
grant multiplied by the number of shares underlying the stock option award required to equal 190,000), with an additional grant of stock
options each year thereafter, to purchase such number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to 95,000, computed on a similar
basis. 

The
following table summarizes cash and equity-based compensation information for our outside directors, for the year ended December 31,
2022: 

Name 
 Fees earned or paid in cash 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards (1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 

Yoseph Bornstein 
 52,500 
 
 49,787 

102,287 
 
 Scott Burell 
 60,000 
 
 49,787 

109,787 
 
 Martin Madden 
 60,000 
 
 49,787 

109,787 
 
 Prattipati Laxminarain 
 45,000 
 
 49,787 

94,787 
 
 Aileen Stockburger 
 42,500 
 
 50,305 

92,805 
 
 Tal Wenderow 
 40,000 
 
 50,313 

90,313 

(1) 
 Amounts shown do not reflect
 cash compensation actually received by the director. Instead, the amounts shown are the non-cash aggregate grant date fair values
 of stock option awards made during the period presented as determined pursuant to U.S. GAAP. The assumptions used to calculate the
 fair value of stock option awards are described in Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company included in this
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Mr.
Gadot received compensation for his services to the Company as set forth under the summary compensation table above. 

55 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table shows the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned, as of March 30, 2023, by (i) each of our directors
and director nominees, (ii) each of our named executive officers, (iii) all of our current directors and executive officers as a group,
and (iv) all those known by us to be to a beneficial owner of more than 5 of the Company s common stock. In general, beneficial
ownership refers to shares that an individual or entity has the power to vote or dispose of, and any rights to acquire common
stock that are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of March 30, 2023. We calculated percentage ownership
in accordance with the rules of the SEC. The percentage of common stock beneficially owned is based on 8,130,628 shares outstanding as
of March 30, 2023. In addition, shares issuable pursuant to options or other convertible securities that may be acquired within 60
days of March 30, 2023 are deemed to be issued and outstanding and have been treated as outstanding in calculating and determining
the beneficial ownership and percentage ownership of those persons possessing those securities, but not for any other persons. 

This
table is based on information supplied by each director, officer and principal stockholder of the Company. Except as indicated in footnotes
to this table, the Company believes that the stockholders named in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all
shares of Common Stock shown to be beneficially owned by them, based on information provided by such stockholders. Unless otherwise indicated,
the address for each director, executive officer and 5 or greater stockholders of the Company listed is: c/o Microbot Medical Inc.,
25 Recreation Park Drive, Unit 108, Hingham, MA 02043. 

Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 
 Armistice Capital, LLC (1) 
 799,180 
 9.83 
 
 Chasing Value Asset Management Inc. (2) 
 610,657 
 8.59 
 
 Harel Gadot (3) 
 700,956 
 8.88 
 
 Yoseph Bornstein (4) 
 259,231 
 3.29 
 
 Scott Burell (5) 
 17,203 

Martin Madden (5) 
 17,203 

Prattipati Laxminarain (5) 
 17,203 

Aileen Stockburger (5) 
 11,478 

Simon Sharon (5) 
 32,295 

Eyal Morag (5) 
 29,375 

Tal Wenderow (5) 
 10,245 

Rachel Vaknin (5) 
 6,500 

All current directors and executive officers as a group (10 persons) (5) 
 1,101,689 
 13.96 

Less than 1 . 
 
 (1) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G
 filed on February 14, 2023, Armistice Capital, LLC Armistice Capital and Steven Boyd share voting and dispositive
 power over 799,180 shares. Armistice Capital is the investment manager of Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd. (the Master Fund ),
 the direct holder of the Shares, and pursuant to an Investment Management Agreement, Armistice Capital exercises voting and investment
 power over the securities of the Company held by the Master Fund and thus may be deemed to beneficially own the securities of the
 Company held by the Master Fund. Mr. Boyd, as the managing member of Armistice Capital, may be deemed to beneficially own the securities
 of the Company held by the Master Fund. The Master Fund specifically disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities of the Company
 directly held by it by virtue of its inability to vote or dispose of such securities as a result of its Investment Management Agreement
 with Armistice Capital. The address of the principal business office of the reporting persons is 510 Madison Avenue, 7th Floor, New
 York, New York 10022. 
 
 (2) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G
 filed by the reporting person on January 20, 2021, the reporting person has sole voting power over 207,000 shares and sole dispositive
 power over 610,657 shares. Sheldon D. Liber is the Chief Executive Officer of the reporting person. The address of the principal
 business office of the reporting person is 2444 Wilshire Boulevard, Suite 300, Santa Monica, California 90403. 

56 

(3) 
 Includes (i) 136,847 shares
 of our common stock owned by MEDX Ventures Group LLC, (ii) 77,846 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of options
 granted to MEDX Ventures Group LLC, and (iii) 486,263 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of options granted to
 Mr. Gadot. Mr. Gadot is the Chief Executive Officer, Company Group Chairman and majority equity owner of MEDX Venture Group, LLC
 and thus may be deemed to share voting and investment power over the shares and options beneficially owned by this entity. 
 
 (4) 
 Represents (i) 242,028
 shares of our common stock owned by LSA - Life Science Accelerator Ltd. and (ii) 17,203 shares of our common stock issuable to Mr.
 Bornstein upon exercise of options. Based on representations and other information made or provided to the Company by Mr. Bornstein,
 Mr. Bornstein is the CEO and Director of LSA - Life Science Accelerator Ltd. and of Shizim Ltd., and Mr. Bornstein is the majority
 equity owner of Shizim Ltd. Shizim Ltd. is the majority equity owner of LSA - Life Science Accelerator Ltd. Accordingly, Mr. Bornstein
 may be deemed to share voting and investment power over the shares beneficially owned by these entities and has an address of 16
 Irus Street, Rosh-Ha Ayin Israel 4858022. 
 
 (5) 
 Represents options to acquire
 shares of our common stock. 
 
 (6) 
 Includes shares of our
 common stock issuable upon the exercise of options as set forth in footnotes (3), (4) and (5). 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Related
parties can include any of our directors or executive officers, certain of our stockholders and their immediate family members. Each
year, we prepare and require our directors and executive officers to complete Director and Officer Questionnaires identifying any transactions
with us in which the officer or director or their family members have an interest. This helps us identify potential conflicts of interest.
A conflict of interest occurs when an individual s private interest interferes, or appears to interfere, in any way with the interests
of the company as a whole. Our code of ethics requires all directors, officers and employees who may have a potential or apparent conflict
of interest to immediately notify our general counsel, who serves as our compliance officer. In addition, the Corporate Governance Committee
is responsible for considering and reporting to the Board any questions of possible conflicts of interest of Board members. Our code
of ethics further requires pre-clearance before any employee, officer or director engages in any personal or business activity that may
raise concerns about conflict, potential conflict or apparent conflict of interest. Copies of our code of ethics and the Corporate Governance
Committee charter are posted on the corporate governance section of our website at www.microbotmedical.com. 

There
have been no related party transactions or any other transactions or relationships required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation
S-K. 

Director
Independence 

NASDAQ s
listing standards and the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines require that the Company s Board of Directors consist
of a majority of independent directors, as determined under the applicable NASDAQ listing rules. 

The
independent members of our Board are Messrs. Bornstein, Burell, Madden, Laxminarain and Wenderow, and Ms. Stockburger. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Audit
and Tax Fees 

The
Board, upon the recommendation of the Audit Committee, has selected the independent accounting firm of Brightman Almagor Zohar 
Co., a Firm in the Deloitte Global Network, to audit the accounts of the Company for the year ending December 31, 2022. 

The
Audit Committee considered the tax compliance services provided by Brightman Almagor Zohar Co. and Deloitte Israel Co., concluded
that provision of such services is compatible with maintaining the independence of the independent accountants, and approved the provision
by Brightman Almagor Zohar Co. of tax compliance services with respect to the year ending December 31, 2022. 

57 

The
Audit Committee received the following information concerning the fees of the independent accountants for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, has considered whether the provision of these services is compatible with independence of the independent accountants,
and concluded that it is: 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 105,000 
 85,000 
 
 Tax Fees 
 11,250 
 10,250 
 
 All Other Fees (2) 
 15,000 
 12,500 

(1) 
 Audit fees represents fees
 for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and reviews of the interim consolidated financial statements, and review
 of audit-related SEC filings. 
 
 (2) 
 Includes fees related to
 issuing a comfort letter and Auditor consents. 
 
 Audit
and tax fees include administrative overhead charges and reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

The
Audit Committee has adopted policies and procedures for pre-approving all services (audit and non-audit) performed by our independent
auditors. In accordance with such policies and procedures, the Audit Committee is required to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services
to be performed by the independent auditors in order to assure that the provision of such services is in accordance with the rules and
regulations of the SEC and does not impair the auditors independence. Under the policy, pre-approval is generally provided up
to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is subject to a specific budget.
In addition, the Audit Committee may pre-approve additional services on a case-by-case basis. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

(1)
Financial Statements: 

The
financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K commencing on page F-1 and are hereby incorporated by reference. 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules: 

The
financial statement schedules are omitted as they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial
statements and notes thereto. 

58 

(3)
Exhibits: 

The
documents set forth below are filed herewith or incorporated by reference to the location indicated. 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Document 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of August 15, 2016, by and among StemCells, Inc., C RD Israel Ltd. and Microbot Medical Ltd. (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 15, 2016). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 and filed on March 15, 2007). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 29, 2016). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2018). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 3, 2016). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Elimination (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2018). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 11, 2019). 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amendment to Section 5 of the Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 3, 2021). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Series A Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Series B Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Wainwright Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 16, 2019) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Wainwright Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 17, 2019). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2019). 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2019). 
 
 4.7 
 
 Form of Wainwright Warrants (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 25, 2019). 
 
 4.8 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 30, 2019). 
 
 4.9 
 
 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 31, 2019). 
 
 4.10 
 
 Description of the Company s Securities (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019). 
 
 4.11 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 25, 2022) 
 
 4.12 
 
 Form of Series A Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 25, 2022) 
 
 4.13 
 
 Form of Series B Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 25, 2022) 
 
 4.14 
 
 Form of Wainwright Warrant (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 25, 2022) 
 
 4.15 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2022, by and among Microbot Medical Inc. and the purchaser party thereto (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 25, 2022) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement, between the Company and each of its Directors and Officers (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 29, 2016). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement with Harel Gadot (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 29, 2016). 
 
 10.3 
 
 License Agreement, dated June 20, 2012, by and between Technion Research and Development Foundation, and Microbot Medical Ltd. (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 and filed on March 21, 2017). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Microbot Medical Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 2017, filed on November 14, 2017). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Agreement, dated January 4, 2018, by and between CardioSert Ltd. and Microbot Medical Ltd. (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 8, 2018). 

59 

10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement with Dr. Eyal Morag (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 filed on April 14, 2020). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Microbot Medical Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on August 11, 2017). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Microbot Medical Inc. 2020 Omnibus Performance Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the Company s definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on July 31, 2020) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Microbot Medical Inc. 2020 Omnibus Performance Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the registration Statement on Form S-8 of the Company filed on November 25, 2020) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of NQO Award Agreement under the Microbot Medical Ltd. 2020 Omnibus Performance Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the registration Statement on Form S-8 of the Company filed on November 25, 2020) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Microbot Medical Ltd. 2020 Omnibus Performance Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the registration Statement on Form S-8 of the Company filed on November 25, 2020) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of SAR Award Agreement under the Microbot Medical Ltd. 2020 Omnibus Performance Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the registration Statement on Form S-8 of the Company filed on November 25, 2020) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of ISO Award Agreement under the Microbot Medical Ltd. 2020 Omnibus Performance Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 of the registration Statement on Form S-8 of the Company filed on November 25, 2020) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement, as of March 31, 2018, with Simon Sharon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on April 7, 2021) 
 
 10.15 
 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2021, with Simon Sharon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on April 22, 2021) 
 
 10.16 
 
 At the Market Offering Agreement, dated June 10, 2021, by and between Microbot Medical Inc. and H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2021) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Strategic Collaboration Agreement for Technology Co-Development with Stryker Corporation, acting through its Neurovascular Division (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 27, 2021) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with Nitiloop, Ltd. dated October 6, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2022) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Employment Agreement with Rachel Vaknin (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2022) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement with Harel Gadot (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2022) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Letter Agreements dated March 18, 2021 between Microbot Medical Ltd. and Technion Research and Development Foundation Ltd. 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 and filed on March 21, 2017). 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13(a)-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Harel Gadot, Chief Executive Officer) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13(a)-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rachel Vaknin, Chief Financial Officer) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Harel Gadot, Chief Executive Officer) 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rachel Vaknin, Chief Financial Officer) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance -
 The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Labels. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Indicates
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

Certain
 identified information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful
 if publicly disclosed. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

The
Company has elected not to provide summary information. 

60 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MICROBOT MEDICAL INC. 

/s/
 Harel Gadot 

Harel Gadot 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 Dated: March 31, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature

Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Harel
 Gadot 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Harel Gadot 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Rachel
 Vaknin 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Rachel Vaknin 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Yoseph
 Bornstein 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Yoseph Bornstein 

/s/ Prattipati
 Laxminarain 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Prattipati Laxminarain 

/s/ Scott
 Burell 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Scott Burell 

/s/ Martin
 Madden 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Martin Madden 

/s/
 Aileen Stockburger 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Aileen Stockburger 

/s/ Tal
 Wenderow 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Tal Wenderow 

61 

MICROBOT
MEDICAL INC. 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 
 F-2
 - F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8
 F-24 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Microbot Medical Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Microbot Medical Inc. and its subsidiary (the Company as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, shareholders equity and cash flows,
for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). 

In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As
discussed in Note 1B to the financial statements, the Company s financial statements include a net loss of 13,168 thousand for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and accumulated deficit of 68,761 thousand as of December 31, 2022. The Company is dependent on its
ability to obtain additional debt or equity in order to continue its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with
the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 2 

Commitments
and Contingencies: Litigation Refer to Note 2P and 9 to the financial statements 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

The
Company is involved in a litigation as the defendant resulting from the 2017 financing Litigation from third parties may result in a
substantial loss. An estimated loss from a loss contingency is accrued by a charge to expenses or shareholders equity if it is
probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. 

The
Company concluded that the loss from the case is not probable and it cannot be reasonably estimable at this stage and no provision was
recorded as of December 31, 2022. 

The
determination of litigation contingency accruals is subject to significant management judgement in assessing the likelihood of a loss
being incurred and when determining whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of loss can be made 

Given
the inherent uncertainty of the outcome of identified litigation, auditing the valuation assertion of litigation contingency required
a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate management s assessment
on the likelihood and magnitude of the contingent loss and whether this litigation is reasonably estimable as of December 31, 2022. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to the potential loss contingency liability and disclosure of the litigation included the following, among others: 

We
 made inquiries with management to obtain an understanding of litigation matter and status that the Company is currently undergoing. 

We
 obtained legal letters from the external legal counsel. 

We
 inquired of the external and internal legal counsels to determine the status of the case and to understand the basis for management s
 conclusion that the loss from the case is not probable and it cannot be reasonably estimable at this stage. 

We
 evaluated the assumptions used by management to estimate the litigation contingency likelihood and magnitude, including corroborating
 these assumptions with internal and external legal counsel. 

We
 evaluated the Company s litigation contingencies disclosure for consistency with our evidence obtained on the litigation matter. 

/s/ Brightman Almagor Zohar
 Co. 

. 

Certified
Public Accountants 

A
firm in the Deloitte Global Network 

March
31, 2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2013 

F- 3 

MICROBOT
MEDICAL INC. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 U.S.
dollars in thousands 

 (Except
share and per share data) 

Notes 
 2022 
 2021 

As
 of December 31, 

Notes 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 assets: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 
 3 

Marketable
 securities 
 3,4 

Short-term
 deposit 

- 
 
 Restricted
 cash 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 
 5 

Total
 current assets 

Property
 and equipment, net 
 7 

Operating
 right-of-use assets 
 6 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current
 liabilities: 

Accounts
 payables 

Lease
 liabilities 
 6 

Accrued
 liabilities 
 8 

Total
 current liabilities 

Non-current
 liabilities: 

Long-term
 lease liabilities 
 6 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments
 and contingencies 
 9 
 - 

Stockholders 
 equity: 

Common
 stock; par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; and shares issued and
 outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 10 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders equity 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

MICROBOT
MEDICAL INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

 U.S.
dollars in thousands 

 (Except
share and per share data) 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the Years Ended December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Research
 and development 

General
 and administrative 

Operating
 loss 

Financing
 income, net 

Capital
 loss 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 loss 

Basic
 and diluted net loss per share 

Basic
 and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

MICROBOT
MEDICAL INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Shareholders Equity 

 U.S.
dollars in thousands 

 (Except
share and per share data) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Amount 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Total 
 Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 
 Balances,
 December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Issuance
 of common stock and warrants net of issuance costs 

- 

Share-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances,
 December 31, 2022 

Balance 

Balances,
 December 31, 2020 

Balance 

Share-based
 compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances,
 December 31, 2021 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

MICROBOT
MEDICAL INC. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 U.S.
dollars in thousands 

2022 
 2021 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating
 activities: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash flows used in operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Unrealized
 gain from marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Loss
 on disposal of property and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Share-based
 compensation expense 

Changes
 in assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid
 expenses and other assets 

Other
 payables and accrued liabilities 

Net
 cash flows used in operating activities 

Investing
 activities: 

Short-term
 deposit 
 ) 
 - 
 
 Purchase
 of property and equipment 

Proceeds
 from sale of investment 
 - 

Purchase
 of marketable securities 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 from sales of marketable security 
 - 

Net
 cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities 

Financing
 activities: 

Issuance
 of common stock and warrants net of issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash flows provided by financing activities 
 
 - 

Decrease
 in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash,
 cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash,
 cash equivalents and restricted cash at ending of period 

Supplemental
 disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash
 received from interest 

Right-of-use
 assets and lease liability 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

MICROBOT
MEDICAL INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 U.S.
dollars in thousands 

 (Except
share and per share data) 

in the State of Delaware under the name Cellular Transplants, Inc. The original Certificate of
Incorporation was restated on February 14, 1992 to change the name of the Company to Cyto Therapeutics, Inc. On May 24, 2000, the Certificate
of Incorporation as restated was further amended to change the name of the Company to StemCells, Inc. 

On
November 28, 2016, the Company consummated a transaction pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated August 15, 2016, with Microbot
Medical Ltd., a private medical device company organized under the laws of the State of Israel Microbot Israel ). On the
same day and in connection with the Merger, the Company changed its name from StemCells, Inc. to Microbot Medical Inc. On November 29,
2016, the Company s common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol MBOT . 

The
Company and its subsidiary are sometimes collectively referred to as the Company as the context may require. 

B. 
 Risk
 Factors: 

To
date, the Company has not generated revenues from its operations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash equivalents and marketable
securities balance of approximately excluding encumbered cash, which management believes is sufficient to fund its operations
for additional 4 months form the date of this annual report. As of the issuance date, there is a substantial doubt as to the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

MICROBOT MEDICAL INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 U.S. dollars in thousands 

 (Except share and per
share data) 

Due
to continuing research and development activities, the Company expects to continue to incur additional losses for the foreseeable future.
While management of the Company believes that it has sufficient funds until August 2023, the Company will seek to raise additional funds
through future issuances of either debt and/or equity securities and possibly additional grants from the Israeli Innovation Authority
and other government institutions. The Company s ability to raise additional capital in the equity and debt markets is dependent
on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the market demand for the Company s stock, which itself is subject to a
number of development and business risks and uncertainties, as well as the uncertainty that the Company would be able to raise such additional
capital at a price or on terms that are favorable to the Company. 

C.
 
 Use
 of estimates: 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions pertaining to
transactions and matters whose ultimate effect on the financial statements cannot precisely be determined at the time of financial statements
preparation. Although these estimates are based on management s best judgment, actual results may differ from these estimates. 

and , respectively, collateral account for the Company s leases agreements
and credit line from the bank. 

- 
 
 Furniture and office equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

U.S. treasury securities 
 
 - 
 
 Total cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities: 

Money market mutual funds 

U.S. treasury securities 
 
 - 
 
 Total marketable securities 

Total cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities 

The
unrealized gains on our marketable securities were and less than for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Treasuries
have contractual maturities of less than 12 months. 

MICROBOT MEDICAL INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 U.S. dollars in thousands 

 (Except share and per
share data) 

- 
 - 

Marketable securities: 

U.S. treasury securities 

- 
 - 
 
 Money market mutual funds 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 

As of December 31, 2021 

Total 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 

Cash equivalents: 

Money market funds 
 - ) 
 - ) 
 - 
 - 

Marketable securities: 

Money market mutual funds 

- 
 - 

) 

The
Company s financial assets are measured at fair value on a recurring basis by level within the fair value hierarchy. The Company s
securities and money market funds are classified as Level 1. Other than that, the Company doesn t have any other financial assets
or financial liabilities marked to market at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Prepaid expenses 

Total prepaid expenses
 and other current assets 

MICROBOT MEDICAL INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 U.S. dollars in thousands 

 (Except share and per
share data) 

years. 

The
monthly lease payments are approximately . 

To
secure the lease payments the Company had issued a bank guarantee of in favor of the facility s lessor. 

2024 

2025 

Total future lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total lease liability balance 

Operating leases weighted average discount rate 

Leasehold improvement 

Furniture and office equipment 

Accumulated Depreciation: 

Research equipment and software 

Leasehold improvement 

Furniture and office equipment 

Other current liabilities 

Total Accrued Liabilities 

MICROBOT MEDICAL INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 U.S. dollars in thousands 

 (Except share and per
share data) 

. 

In
addition, as a result of the agreement with CardioSert Ltd. CardioSert on January 4, 2018, Microbot Israel took over
the liability to repay CardioSert s IIA grants in the aggregate amount of approximately . 

In
addition, as a result of the agreement with Nitiloop, on October 6, 2022, Microbot Israel took over the liability to repay Nitiloop s
IIA grants in the aggregate amount of approximately . 

In
relation to the IIA grants described above, the Company is obligated to pay royalties amounting to - of its future sales of the
products relating to such grants. 

The
grants are linked to the exchange rate of the dollar to the New Israeli Shekel and bears interest of Libor per annum. 

The
repayment of the grants is contingent upon the successful completion of the Company s research and development programs and generating
sales. The Company has no obligation to repay these grants, if the project fails, is unsuccessful or aborted or if no sales are generated.
The financial risk is assumed completely by the Government of Israel. The grants are received from the Government on a project-by-project
basis. 

TRDF
Agreement: 

Microbot
Israel signed an agreement with the Technion Research and Development Foundation TRDF in June 2012 by which TRDF transferred
to Microbot Israel a global, exclusive, royalty-bearing license (as amended, the License Agreement ). As partial consideration
for the license, Microbot Israel shall pay TRDF royalties on net sales (between - and on sublicense income as detailed in the
agreement. 

Pursuant
to the License Agreement, both parties agreed to extend the next development milestone for the Company s Self Cleaning Shunt (SCS)
project, which includes the First In Human milestone, until December 2024, and to continue to maintain the TipCat assets, which are still
in a discovery phase, until December 2023. The Company in October 2022 suspended the SCS project while it evaluates alternatives for
the SCS assets (mainly related patents), which may include seeking buyers for the assets, entering into joint ventures or licensing arrangements,
spinning off the assets into a new operating company or discontinuing the project altogether. The Company has certain obligations to
seek to develop and commercialize the SCS and the TipCat assets under the License Agreement. At the time of filing of this Annually Report
on Form 10-K, the Company has been in discussions with TRDF with respect to the suspension of the SCS project and the status of the TipCat
assets, and the Company expects that if it is unsuccessful in entering into alternative arrangements for such assets, the Company will
return the licensed assets to TRDF. 

Agreement
with CardioSert Ltd.: 

On
January 4, 2018, Microbot Israel entered into an agreement with CardioSert to acquire certain patent-protected technology owned by CardioSert
(the Technology ). Pursuant to the Agreement, Microbot Israel made an initial payment of to CardioSert and had 90-days
to elect to complete the acquisition. At the end of the 90-day period, at Microbot Israel s sole option, CardioSert shall assign
and transfer the Technology to Microbot Israel and Microbot Israel shall pay to CardioSert additional amounts and securities as determined
in the agreement. 

MICROBOT MEDICAL INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 U.S. dollars in thousands 

 (Except share and per
share data) 

On
May 25, 2018, Microbot Israel, delivered an Exercise Notice to CardioSert Ltd., notifying it that Microbot Israel elected to exercise
the option to acquire the Technology owned by CardioSert and therefore made an additional cash payment of and shares of common
stock estimated at . 

The
agreement may be terminated by Microbot Israel at any time for convenience upon 90-days notice. The agreement may be terminated
by CardioSert in case the first commercial sale does not occur by the third anniversary of the date of signing of the agreement except
if Microbot Israel. has invested more than in certain development stages, or the first commercial sale does not occur within 50
months. As of December 31, 2022, the 50 months period has expired and CardioSert can buy-back the Technology at any time. As of the report
date, CardioSert has not purchased back the Technology. 

In
each of the above termination events, or in case of breach by Microbot Israel, CardioSert shall have the right to buy back the Technology
from Microbot Israel for , upon 60 days prior written notice, but only 1 year after such termination. Additionally, the agreement
may be terminated by either party upon breach of the other (subject to cure). (or approximately US , based on an covering up to 60 consulting hours per month . 

ATM
Agreement: 

On
June 10, 2021, the Company entered into an At-the-Market Offering Agreement (the ATM Agreement with H.C. Wainwright 
Co. LLC Wainwright ), as sales agent, in connection with an at the market offering under which the Company
may offer and sell, from time to time in its sole discretion, shares of its Common Stock having an aggregate offering price of up to
 at market prices or as otherwise agreed with Wainwright. Any shares sold under the ATM Agreement from time to time will be offered
and sold pursuant to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3, which was initially filed on November 25, 2020 and which
was declared effective by the SEC on December 4, 2020, and the related prospectus as supplemented by a prospectus supplement that the
Company filed on June 10, 2021 (the June 2021 Prospectus ). To date, we have not sold any shares of Common Stock pursuant
to the ATM Agreement, and as of October 13, 2022, the Company suspended the ATM Agreement, which remains in full force and effect, and
terminated the June 2021 Prospectus. 

Acquisition
of Nitiloop s Assets 

On
October 6, 2022, Microbot Israel purchased substantially all of the assets, including intellectual property, devices, components and
product related materials (the Assets ), of Nitiloop Ltd., an Israeli limited liability company Nitiloop ).
The Assets include intellectual property and technology in the field of intraluminal revascularization devices with anchoring mechanism
and integrated microcatheter (the Technology and the products or potential products incorporating the Technology owned
by Nitiloop and designated by Nitiloop as NovaCross , NovaCross Xtreme and NovaCross BTK and
any enhancements, modifications and improvements thereof Devices ). Microbot Israel did not assume any material liabilities
of Nitiloop other than obligations Nitiloop has to the IIA and relating to certain renewal/maintenance fees for a European patent application. 

In
consideration for the acquisition of the Assets, Microbot Israel shall pay royalties to Nitiloop, which shall not, in the aggregate,
exceed , as follows: 

Royalties
 at a rate of of net revenue generated as a result of sales, license or other exploitation of the Devices; and 

Royalties
 at a rate of of net revenue generated from the sale, license or other exploitation of commercialization of the technology as
 part of an integrated product. 

MICROBOT MEDICAL INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 U.S. dollars in thousands 

 (Except share and per
share data) 

The
Company evaluates acquisitions of assets and other similar transactions to assess whether or not the transaction should be accounted
for as a business combination or asset acquisition by first applying a screen test to determine if substantially all of the fair
value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. If the
screen is met, the transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition. If the screen is not met, further determination is required
as to whether or not the Company has acquired inputs and processes that have the ability to create outputs which would meet the
definition of a business. Significant judgment is required in the application of the screen test to determine whether an acquisition
is accounted for as business combination or an acquisition of assets. Based on the Company s analysis, the Company concluded
that the acquisition of the assets does not meet the definition of a business for
the purpose of applying SEC Rules (S-X Rules of 3-05, 8-04 and 11-01). 

Litigation: 

Litigation
Resulting from 2017 Financing 

The
Company was named as the defendant in a lawsuit captioned Empery Asset Master Ltd., Empery Tax Efficient, LP, Empery Tax Efficient II,
LP, Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd., Plaintiffs, against Microbot Medical Inc., Defendant, in the Supreme Court of the State of New York,
County of New York (Index No. 651182/2020). The complaint alleges, among other things, that the Company breached multiple representations
and warranties contained in the Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA related to the Company s June 8, 2017 equity
financing (the Financing ), of which the Plaintiffs participated, and fraudulently induced Plaintiffs into signing the SPA.
The complaint seeks rescission of the SPA and return of the Plaintiffs purchase price with respect to the Financing.
The Company is currently in the discovery phase. Management is unable to assess the likelihood that the Company will succeed at trial
with respect to the SPA or the Financing, having previously lost another lawsuit with respect to the Financing. 

Alliance
Litigation 

On
April 28, 2019, the Company brought an action against Alliance Investment Management, Ltd. Alliance ), later amended to
include Joseph Mona Mona as a defendant, in the Southern District of New York under Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C. 78p(b), to compel Alliance and Mona to disgorge short swing profits realized from purchases and sales of the Company s
securities within a period of less than six months. The case is Microbot Medical Inc. v. Alliance Investment Management, Ltd., No. 19-cv-3782-GBD
(SDNY). The amount of profits was estimated in the complaint to be approximately . 

On
October 28, 2019, Alliance filed a motion for summary judgment requesting that the Court dismiss the claims against Alliance. On
February 4, 2020, Mona answered the 16(b) claim the Company asserted against him by claiming various equitable defenses and filed a
counterclaim against the Company under Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder,
claiming a net loss on trading the Company s stock of approximately . 

On
September 17, 2020, the Court issued a Memorandum Decision Order that, among other things, granted Alliance s summary judgment
motion. 

On
March 30, 2021, the Court issued an Order; and on March 31, 2021, the Clerk entered judgment against Mona and in favor of the
Company in the amount of approximately .
On April 27, 2021, Mona filed an appeal of the Court s judgment, which is pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. 

MICROBOT MEDICAL INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 U.S. dollars in thousands 

 (Except share and per
share data) 

In
June 2021, the Magistrate issued an order permitting Mona to file an Amended Counterclaim Complaint, and rejected the Company s
request to execute on the judgment. The Company filed a response to Mona s amended counterclaim in July 2021, and in February 2023
filed a motion for summary judgment on Mona s fraud claim on the basis of inability to demonstrate reliance or loss causation.
The motion is scheduled to be fully briefed and submitted on May 1, 2023. 

and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

On
October 21, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with an institutional
investor (the Investor ), pursuant to which the Company issued and sold, in a registered direct offering priced at-the-market
under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market (the Registered Offering ), (i) an aggregate of shares of Common Stock,
at an offering price of per share and (ii) pre-funded warrants exercisable for up to shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded
Warrants to the Investor at an offering price of per Pre-Funded Warrant, for aggregate gross proceeds from the Offerings
(as defined below) of approximately before deducting the placement agent fee (as described below) and related offering expenses. 

Each
Pre-Funded Warrant represents the right to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. The Pre-Funded
Warrants are exercisable immediately and may be exercised at any time until the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. 

In
a concurrent private placement (the Private Placement and, together with the Registered Offering, the Offerings ),
the Company issued to the Investor (i) Series A preferred investment options to purchase up to shares of Common Stock (the
 Series A Warrants at an exercise price of per share and (ii) Series B preferred investment options to purchase up
to shares of Common Stock (the Series B Warrants at an exercise price of per share. Each Series A Warrant
is exercisable immediately and will expire five years from the initial exercise date. Each Series B Warrant is exercisable immediately
and will expire two years from the initial exercise date. 

The
Company accounts for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s
specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in FASB ASC 480 and FASB ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC
815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition
of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and meet all of the requirements for equity classification under FASB ASC 815, including whether
the warrants are indexed to the Company s own ordinary shares and whether the warrant holders could potentially require net
cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s control, among other conditions for equity classification. This
assessment is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

The
Company analyzed the accounting treatment for the Pre-funded Warrants and for the Common Warrants. The Common Stocks of the Company are
recognized as equity under the requirements of Accounting Standard Codification Topic 505 Equity (ASC 505). Based on the Company s
analysis the Warrants were classified as equity. 

On
October 3, 2022 and in connection with the Offerings, the Company entered into an engagement letter with H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC Wainwright ), pursuant to which Wainwright agreed to serve as the exclusive placement agent for the issuance and sale of
securities of the Company pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. As compensation for such placement agent services, the Company paid Wainwright
aggregate cash fees and reimbursed Wainwright for its expenses aggregating approximately . The Company also issued to Wainwright
or its designees warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (the Wainwright Warrants ). The Wainwright Warrants
have a term of from the commencement of sales in the Offerings, and have an exercise price of per share. 

MICROBOT MEDICAL INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 U.S. dollars in thousands 

 (Except share and per
share data) 

The
Company analyzed the accounting treatment for the Wainwright Warrants issued to Wainwright. Since the Company did not identify any features
causing liability classification of the Wainwright Warrants according to ASC 718, it concluded that the Wainwright Warrants are equity-classified
awards. 

Employee
Stock Option Grants 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted to Mr. Harel Gadot, the Company s Chairman of the Board, President and CEO,
options to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock, at an exercise price per share of . The
stock options vest over a period of years as outlined in the option agreements evidencing such grants. As a result, the Company recognized
compensation expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021, in the total amount of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company granted to certain employees and consultants and directors, options to purchase an aggregate
of shares of the Company s common stock, at an exercise price per share of - . The stock options vest over a
period of years as outlined in the option agreements evidencing such grants. As a result, the Company recognized compensation expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2021, in the total amount of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted to Mr. Harel Gadot, the Company s Chairman of the Board, President and CEO,
options to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Common Stock, at an exercise price per share of - . The stock options
vest over a period of as outlined in the option agreements evidencing such grants. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted to certain employees, consultants and directors, options to purchase an aggregate
of shares of the Common Stock, at an exercise price per share of - . The stock options vest over a period of as outlined in the option agreements evidencing such grants. 

Granted 

Cancelled 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Vested as of December 31, 2022 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Number of stock options 
 Weighted average exercise price 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Vested as of December 31, 2021 

MICROBOT MEDICAL INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 U.S. dollars in thousands 

 (Except share and per
share data) 

The
Company recognizes forfeitures of outstanding options as they occur. 

The
intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the fair market value of the common stock and the exercise price, multiplied
by the number of in-the-money stock options on those dates that would have been received by the stock option holders had all stock option
holders exercised their stock options on those dates as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the aggregate intrinsic value of the outstanding options is and respectively, and the aggregate
intrinsic value of the exercisable options is and , respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were approximately of total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested share-based compensation
awards granted under the Share Incentive Plan. The costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

) - 

) 
 . 

Compensation
expense recorded by the Company for its stock-based employee compensation awards in accordance with ASC 718-10 for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

MICROBOT MEDICAL INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 U.S. dollars in thousands 

 (Except share and per
share data) 

Employee
Stock Option Grants 

- 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dividend yield 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected terms (years) 

Warrants 

Series B (2016) 
 - 

Warrant to underwriters 1.2019 
 - 

Warrant to underwriters 1.2019 
 - 

Warrant to underwriters 12.2019 

Warrant to underwriters 12.2019 

Warrant to underwriters 12.2019 

Series A 10.2022 
 
 - 

Series B 10.2022 
 
 - 

Warrant to underwriters 10.2022 
 
 - 

Warrant to underwriters 12.2019 

Series A and B warrants 10.2022 
 
 - 
 
 Warrant to underwriters 10.2022 
 
 - 
 
 Outstanding options to purchase common stock 

MICROBOT MEDICAL INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 U.S. dollars in thousands 

 (Except share and per
share data) 

Share-based compensation 

Professional services 

Materials 

Patents 

Rent 

Office and maintenance expenses 

Depreciation 

Other 

Research and development
 expense 

Government fees 

Share-based compensation 

Professional services 

Insurance 

Public and investor relations 

Office and maintenance expenses 

Travel 

Other 

General and administrative
 expenses 

ESOP expenses to CEO and executive officers 

Board of directors fees 

ESOP expenses to directors 

Insurance for directors and executives 

Total 

2022 
 2021 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Balances: 

Bonus to CEO and executive offices 

Board of directors fees 

Payroll and related expenses 

Total 

MICROBOT MEDICAL INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 U.S. dollars in thousands 

 (Except share and per
share data) 

for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
Company has not been audited by the Internal Revenue Service since its incorporation. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has generated accumulated net operating losses in the U.S. of approximately and ,
respectively. Net operating losses in the United States are available through 2035. Utilization of U.S. net operating losses may be subject
to substantial annual limitation due to the change in ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and similar
state provisions. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating losses before utilization. 

Microbot
Israel is subject to Israeli corporate tax rate of for the years ended 2022 and 2021. Microbot Israel has not received a final tax
assessment since 2016. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Microbot Israel has generated accumulated net operating losses in Israel of approximately and
 , respectively, which may be carried forward and offset against taxable income in the future for an indefinite period. 

The
Company is still in its development stage and has not yet generated revenues, therefore, it is more likely than not that sufficient taxable
income will not be available for the tax losses to be utilized in the future. Therefore, a valuation allowance was recorded to reduce
the deferred tax assets to its recoverable amounts. 

Operation lease liabilities 

Accrued vacation pay 

Total deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Operating leases, right-of-use assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Total net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

Reconciliation
of Income Taxes: 

Net loss in U.S. 

Statutory tax rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income Tax under statutory tax rate 

Change in valuation allowance 

Actual provision for income tax 
 - 
 - 

pre-funded warrants were exercised to shares of Common Stock (the Pre-Funded Warrants in exercise
price of per share. 

<EX-10.21>
 2
 ex10-21.htm

Exhibit
10.21 

Technion
Research and Development Foundation Ltd. 

 Technion
City, Haifa 32000 

 Israel 

Re:
Joint Invention Under License Agreement dated June 20, 2012 

We
are writing this letter as a follow up to our discussions regarding the invention entitled Device for Automatically Inserting
and Advancing a Medical Tool into a Bodily Lumen (as disclosed in US Provisional Patent Application no. 62/941,842, the Invention for which Professor Moshe Shoham, in his capacity as a consultant to Microbot Medical Ltd. Microbot ), and employees of
Microbot, who are not required under law, agreement and/or under TRDF Intellectual Property By-Laws to assign their rights in the Invention
to TRDF, are co-inventors. The parties hereby confirm that the Invention is a Joint Invention in accordance with the terms of that certain
License Agreement dated June 20, 2012 between Technion Research and Development Foundation Ltd. and Microbot (the License Agreement ). 

Without
derogating from the above, the Invention will be deemed part of the License Agreement and is subject to its obligations including but
not limited to paragraph 5 (Consideration) and paragraph 11.3 (Effect of Termination) as a Joint Invention. 

Please
indicate your agreement to the above by signing below. 

Sincerely 

Microbot
 Medical Ltd. 

By: 
 /s/
 Simon Sharon 
 /s/
 Naama 

Name: 
 Simon
 Sharon 
 Naama
 Moav 

Title: 
 CTO 
 HR
 Manager 

March
 18, 2021 

Agreed
 to and Accepted: 

Technion
 Research and Development Foundation Ltd. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jacob (Koby) Rubinstein 

Name: 
 Jacob
 (Koby) Rubinstein 

Title: 
 CEO

24. 3. 2021 

Microbot
Medical LTD. 6 HaYozma St, Yokneam, 2069204. Israel, P.B 242, 

Tel:
972-4-8200710, Fax: 972-4-8200712 www.microbotmedical.com 

Technion
Research and Development Foundation Ltd. 

 Technion
City, Haifa 32000 

 Israel 

Dear
Sirs and Madams, 

Microbot
Medical Ltd. Company and Technion Research and Development Foundation Ltd. TRDF are party to that certain
License Agreement dated June 20, 2012 (the License Agreement ). 

The
License Agreement addresses TRDF s and Company s agreements with respect to Shoham Inventions , Shoham
Patent Rights , Joint Inventions and Joint Patent Rights , as such terms are defined in the License
Agreement. The parties acknowledge that Professor Shoham has been providing services and/or has been a member of the Company s
scientific advisory board, and that in such capacity he was a co-inventor of a Joint Invention referred to in the confirmation letter
executed by the parties on March 18, 2021. 

It
is our understanding that as of October, 2020, Professor Shoham has ceased being employed by the Technion Israel Institute of
Technology Technion ). 

Provided
that Professor Shoham has no research activity of any kind at the Technion: (a) inventions and other intellectual property made or generated
by Professor Shoham after the cessation of his employment with the Technion in the provision of services to and/or as a member of the
Company s scientific advisory board will not be covered by the License Agreement; and (b) TRDF and the Technion will not claim
rights in any such inventions or other intellectual property made or generated by Professor Shoham after the cessation of his employment
with the Technion in such capacity by virtue of his continued affiliation with the Technion. 

Please
indicate your approval of the above by signing below. 

Microbot
 Medical Ltd. 

By: 
 /s/
 Simon Sharon 
 /s/
 Naama 

Name: 
 Simon
 Sharon 
 Naama
 Moav 

Title: 
 CTO 
 HR
 Manager 

March 18, 2021 

Agreed
 to and Accepted: 

Technion
 Research and Development Foundation Ltd. 

By: 
 /s/
 Jacob (Koby) Rubinstein 

Name: 
 Jacob
 (Koby) Rubinstein 

Title: 
 CEO

24. 3. 2021 

Microbot
Medical LTD. 6 HaYozma St, Yokneam, 2069204. Israel, P.B 242, 

Tel:
972-4-8200710, Fax: 972-4-8200712 www.microbotmedical.com 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-221216 and 333-250963) and
the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-250966) of our report dated March 31, 2023 relating to the consolidated
financial statements of Microbot Medical Inc. (the Company appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
Brightman Almagor Zohar Co. 

 Brightman
Almagor Zohar Co., 

 Certified
Public Accountants 

 A
firm in the Deloitte Global Network 

Tel
Aviv, Israel 

 March
31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Harel Gadot, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed
 this annual report on Form 10-K of Microbot Medical Inc. 

2. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying
 officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/S/ HAREL
 GADOT 

Harel Gadot 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Rachel Vaknin, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed
 this annual report on Form 10-K of Microbot Medical Inc. 

2. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
 the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
 covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my
 knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
 and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
 external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report
 any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s
 other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies
 and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
 affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not
 material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
 financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/S/ RACHEL
 VAKNIN 

Rachel Vaknin 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Microbot Medical Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Harel Gadot , President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the company. 

/s/
 HAREL GADOT 

Harel Gadot 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Microbot Medical Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Rachel Vaknin ,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the company. 

/s/
 RACHEL VAKNIN 

Rachel Vaknin 

Chief Financial Officer 

March 31, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 mbot-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 mbot-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 mbot-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 mbot-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

