<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_1000228_0001000228-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17659461</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>782341</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2887010</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5857117</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4425601</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3254412</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001000228-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221064007
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001000228-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		141
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HENRY SCHEIN INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001000228
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MEDICAL, DENTAL & HOSPITAL EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [5047]
		IRS NUMBER:				113136595
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27078
		FILM NUMBER:		23645185

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 DURYEA RD
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6318435500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		135 DURYEA RD
		CITY:			MELVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11747

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SCHEIN HENRY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950907

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001000228-23-000011.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 hsic-20221231.htm
 THE 2022 ANNUAL 10-K REPORT

hsic-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, 
D.C. 
20549 

 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 
1934 
 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 
 Commission file number 
 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 incorporation or organization)

, 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) 
of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s)
 Name of each exchange on which registered

The Nasdaq Global Select Market
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 
12(g) of the Act: None 
 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 YES
 : 

NO: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 YES: 

NO
 : 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing 
 requirements for the past 90 days. 
 YES
 : 

NO: 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of 
 Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 YES
 : 

NO: 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a 
large accelerated filer, an 
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, 
a smaller reporting company, 
or an 
 emerging 
growth 
company. 
See 
the 
definitions 
of 
 large 
accelerated 
filer, 
 accelerated 
filer, 
 smaller 
reporting 
company, 
and 
 emerging 
growth 
 company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

: 

Accelerated filer: 

Non-accelerated filer: 

Smaller reporting company: 

Emerging 
 growth company: 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any 
 new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal 
 control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared 
 or issued its audit report. YES: 

NO: 

If securities are registered pursuant to 
Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by 
check mark whether the financial statements of 
the registrant included in the 
 filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate 
by 
check 
mark 
whether 
any 
of 
those 
error 
corrections 
are 
restatements 
that 
required 
a 
recovery 
analysis 
of 
incentive-based 
compensation 
 received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 YES: 

NO: 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price as 
 quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 25, 2022, was approximately 
 
 . 
 
As of February 7, 2023, there were 

shares of registrant s Common Stock, par value .01 per share, outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference:

2 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 Number 
 PART I. 
 ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 25 
 ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 40 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 40 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters 
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 41 
 ITEM 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 42 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
 and Results of Operations 
 43 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 58 
 ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 60 
 ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting 
 and Financial Disclosure 
 116 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 116 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 118 
 ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 

118 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 118 
 ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 118 
 ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 and Related Stockholder Matters 
 119 
 ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 119 
 ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 119 
 PART IV. 
 ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 119 
 ITEM 16. 
 Form 
 10-K Summary 
 127 
 Signatures 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 3 
 PART 
I 
 ITEM 1. 
Business 
 General 
 Henry Schein, Inc. is a solutions company for health care professionals powered 
by a network of people and 
 technology. 
We believe we are the world s largest 
provider of health care products and services primarily to 
office-
 based dental and medical practitioners, as well as alternate sites of care. 
Our philosophy is grounded in our 
 commitment to help customers operate a more efficient and successful business so 
the practitioner can provide 
 better clinical care. 
 With more than 90 years of experience distributing health care products, we have built a vast set of small, 
mid-sized 
 and large customers in the dental and medical markets, serving more than one million 
customers worldwide across 
 dental practices, laboratories, 
physician practices, and ambulatory surgery centers, as well as government, 
 institutional health care clinics and other alternate care clinics. 

 We are headquartered in Melville, New York 
and employ more than 22,000 people. 
Approximately 50 of our 
 workforce is based in the United States and approximately 50 is based 
outside of the United States. 
We have 
 operations or affiliates in 32 countries and territories. 
Our broad global footprint has evolved over time through our 
 organic success as well as through contribution from strategic acquisitions. 
 We offer 
a comprehensive selection of more than 300,000 branded products 
and Henry Schein corporate brand 
 products through our distribution centers. 
Our infrastructure, including over 3.8 million square 
feet of space in 29 
 strategically located distribution and 19 manufacturing facilities around 
the world, enables us to historically provide 
 rapid and accurate order fulfillment, better serve our customers and increase 
our operating efficiency. 
This 
 infrastructure, together with broad product and service offerings at competitive prices, 
and a strong commitment to 
 customer service, enables us to be a single source of supply for our customers 
needs. 
 We conduct our business through two reportable segments: (i) health care distribution and (ii) technology and 
 value-added services. 
These segments offer different products and services to the same customer base. 
Our dental 
 businesses serve office-based dental practitioners, dental laboratories, schools, government 
and other 
 institutions. 
Our medical businesses serve physician offices, urgent care centers, ambulatory care sites, 
emergency 
 medical technicians, dialysis centers, home health, federal and state governments 
and large enterprises, such as 
 group practices 
and integrated delivery networks, among other providers across a 
wide range of specialties. 

 The health care distribution reportable segment, combining our global dental 
and medical businesses, distributes 
 consumable products, small equipment, laboratory products, large equipment, equipment 
repair services, branded 
 and generic pharmaceuticals, vaccines, surgical products, dental specialty products 
(including implant, orthodontic 
 and endodontic products), diagnostic tests, infection-control products, personal 
protective equipment products 
 PPE and vitamins. 
While our primary go-to-market strategy is in our capacity 
as a distributor, we also market 
 and sell under our own corporate brand portfolio of cost-effective, high-quality consumable 
merchandise products, 
 and manufacture certain dental specialty products in the areas of oral 
surgery, implants, orthodontics and 
 endodontics. 

The technology and value-added services reportable segment provides 
software, technology and other value-added 
 services to health care practitioners. 
Henry Schein One, the largest contributor of sales to this category, offers 
 dental practice management solutions for dental and medical practitioners. 
In addition, we offer dentists and 
 physicians a broad suite of electronic health records, patient communication 
services including electronic marketing 
 and web-site design, analytics and patient demand generation. 
Finally, our value-added practice solutions include 
 practice consultancy, education, integrated revenue cycle management and the facilitation of financial service 
 offerings (on a non-recourse basis) to help dentists and physicians operate and 
expand their business operations. 

 We believe our hands-on consultative approach to provide solutions to support practice decision-making is a key 
 differentiator for our business. 

Table of Contents 
 4 
 Recent Developments 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Recent 
 Developments herein for a discussion related to the COVID-19 
pandemic and recent corporate transactions. 
 Industry 
 The global health care distribution industry, as it relates to office-based health care practitioners, is fragmented and 
 diverse. 
The industry ranges from sole practitioners working out of 
relatively small offices to mid-sized and large 
 group practices ranging in size from a few practitioners to several 
hundred practices owned or operated by dental 
 support organizations (DSOs), medical group purchasing organizations (GPOs), hospital systems 
or integrated 
 delivery networks (IDNs). 
 Due in part to the limited capacity of office-based health care practitioners 
to store and manage large quantities of 
 supplies in their offices, the distribution of health care supplies and small equipment 
to office-based health care 
 practitioners has been characterized by frequent, small quantity orders, 
and a need for rapid, reliable and 
 substantially complete order fulfillment. 
The purchasing decisions within an office-based health care practice 
are 
 typically made by the practitioner, hygienist or office manager. 
Supplies and small equipment are generally 
 purchased from more than one distributor, with one generally serving as the primary supplier. 
 The health care distribution industry continues to experience growth due 
to demand driven by the aging population, 
 increased health care awareness and the importance of preventative care, 
an increasing understanding of the 
 connection between good oral health and overall health, improved access 
to care globally, the proliferation of 
 medical technology and testing, new pharmacology treatments and 
expanded third-party insurance coverage, 
 partially offset by the effects of unemployment on insurance coverage and technological 
improvements, including 
 the advancement of software and services, prosthetic solutions and 
telemedicine. 
In addition, the non-acute market 
 continues to benefit from the shift of procedures and diagnostic 
testing from acute care settings to alternate-care 
 sites, particularly physicians offices and ambulatory surgery centers. 
 We believe that consolidation within the industry will continue to result in a number of distributors, particularly 
 those with limited financial, operating and marketing resources, seeking 
to combine with larger companies that can 
 provide growth 
opportunities. 
This consolidation also may continue to result in distributors seeking 
to acquire 
 companies that can enhance their current product and service offerings or provide 
opportunities to serve a broader 
 customer base. 

 In addition, customer consolidation will likely lead to multiple locations 
under common management and the 
 movement of more procedures from the hospital setting to the physician 
or alternate care setting as the health care 
 industry is increasingly focused on efficiency and cost containment. 
This trend has benefited distributors capable 
 of providing a broad array of products and services at low prices. 
It also has accelerated the growth of health 
 maintenance organizations HMOs ), group practices, other managed care accounts 
and collective buying groups, 
 which, in addition to their emphasis on obtaining products at competitive 
prices, tend to favor distributors capable 
 of providing specialized management information support. 
We believe that the trend towards cost containment has 
 the potential to favorably affect demand for technology solutions, including software, 
which can enhance the 
 efficiency and facilitation of practice management. 
 Competition 

 The distribution and manufacture of health care supplies and equipment is 
highly competitive. 
Many of the health 
 care products we sell are available to our customers from a number of suppliers. 
In addition, our competitors could 
 obtain exclusive rights from manufacturers to market particular products. 
Manufacturers also could seek to sell 
 directly to end-users, and thereby eliminate or reduce our role and 
that of other distributors. 
In certain parts of the 
 dental end market, such as those related to dental specialty products, and 
medical end market manufacturers already 
 sell directly to end customers. 
 In North America, we compete with other distributors, as well as several 
manufacturers, of dental and medical 
 products, primarily on the basis of price, breadth of product line, e-commerce 
capabilities, customer service and 

Table of Contents 
 5 
 value-added products and services. 
In the dental market, our primary competitors in the U.S. are the Patterson 
 Dental division of Patterson Companies, Inc. and Benco Dental Supply 
Company. 
In addition, we compete against 
 a number of other distributors that operate on a national, regional and 
local level. 
Our primary competitors in the 
 U.S. medical market, which accounts for the large majority of our global medical 
sales, are McKesson Corporation 
 and Medline Industries, Inc., which are national distributors. 
We also compete with a number of regional and local 
 medical distributors, as well as a number of manufacturers that 
sell directly to physicians. 
With regard to our dental 
 software, we compete against numerous companies, including the 
Patterson Dental division of Patterson 
 Companies, Inc., Carestream Health, Inc., Carestream Dental LLC, Centaur 
Software Development Co Pty Ltd. 
 (d.b.a. dental4windows, dental4web), Open Dental Software, Inc., PlanetDDS 
LLC, Good Methods Global Inc. 
 (d.b.a. CareStack) and Curve Dental, LLC. 
In other software end markets, including revenue cycle 
management, 
 patient relationship management and patient demand generation, we 
compete with companies such as Vyne 
 Therapeutics Inc., EDI-Health Group, Inc. (d.b.a. Dental X Change, Inc.), 
Weave Communications, Inc., and 
 Solutionreach, Inc. 
The medical practice management and electronic medical 
records market is fragmented and we 
 compete with numerous companies such as the NextGen division of 
Quality Systems, Inc., eClinicalWorks, 
 Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. and Epic Systems Corporation. 
 Outside of the U.S., we believe we are the only global distributor of supplies 
and equipment to dental practices and 
 our competitors are primarily local and regional companies. 
We also face significant competition internationally, 
 where we compete on the basis of price and customer service against 
several large competitors, including the 
 GACD Group, Proclinic SA, Lifco AB, Planmeca Oy and Billericay Dental 
Supply Co. Ltd., as well as a large 
 number of other dental and medical product distributors and manufacturers 
in international countries and territories 
 we serve. 
 Competitive Strengths 
 We have more than 90 years of experience in distributing products to health care practitioners resulting in strong 
 awareness of the Henry Schein

brand. 
Our competitive strengths include: 
 A focus on meeting our customers unique needs
 . 
We are committed to providing customized solutions to our 
 customers that are driven by our understanding of the end markets we 
serve and reflect the technology-driven 
 products and services best suited for their practice needs. 
We are committed to continuing to enhance these 
 offerings through organic investment in our products and our teams, as well as through the acquisition 
of new 
 products and services that may help us better serve our customers. 
 Direct sales and marketing expertise.
 
Our sales and marketing efforts are designed to establish and solidify 
 customer relationships through personal or virtual visits by field sales representatives, 
frequent direct marketing and 
 telesales contact, emphasizing our broad product lines, including exclusive 
distribution agreements, competitive 
 prices and ease of order placement, 
particularly through our e-commerce platforms. 
The key elements of our direct 
 sales and marketing efforts are: 

Field sales consultants.
 
Our field sales consultants, including equipment sales specialists, covering 
major 
 North American, European and other international markets. 
These consultants complement our direct 
 marketing and telesales efforts and enable us to better market, service and support 
the sale of more 
 sophisticated products and equipment. 

Marketing.
 
We market to existing and prospective office-based health care providers through a 
 combination of owned, earned and paid digital channels, tradeshows, as well 
as through catalogs, flyers, 
 direct mail and other promotional materials. 
Our strategies include an emphasis on educational content 
 through webinars and content marketing initiatives. 
We continue to enhance our marketing technology to 
 improve our targeting capability and the relevance of messaging and offers. 

Telesales.
 
We support our direct marketing effort with inbound and outbound telesales representatives, 
 who facilitate order processing, generate new sales through direct and frequent 
contact with customers and 
 stay abreast of market developments and the hundreds of new products, 
services and technologies 
 introduced each year to educate practice personnel. 

Table of Contents 
 6 

Electronic commerce solutions.
 
We provide our customers and sales teams with innovative and 
 competitive e-commerce solutions. 
We continue to invest in our e-commerce platform to offer enhanced 
 content management so customers can more easily find the products 
they need and to enable an engaging 
 purchase experience, supported by excellent customer service. 

Social media.
 
Our operating entities and employees engage our customers and 
supplier partners through 
 various social media platforms, which are an important element of our 
communications and marketing 
 efforts. 
We continue to expand our social media presence to raise awareness about issues, engage 
 customers beyond a sale and deliver services and solutions to specialized 
audiences. 
 Broad product and service offerings at competitive prices.
 
We offer 
a broad range of products and services to our 
 customers, at competitive prices, in the following categories: 

Consumable supplies and equipment
 . 
We distribute consumable products, small equipment, laboratory 
 products, large equipment, equipment repair services, branded and generic pharmaceuticals, 
vaccines, dental 
 specialty products, diagnostic tests, infection-control products and vitamins. 
We offer over 300,000 branded 
 products, through our distribution centers, to our customers. 
We also market and sell our own corporate 
 brand portfolio of cost-effective, high-quality consumable merchandise products 
and manufacture certain 
 dental specialty products in the areas of implants, orthodontics and endodontics. 

Technology and other value-added products and services.
 
We sell practice management, business 
 analytics, patient engagement and patient demand creation software solutions 
to our dental customers. 
Our 
 practice management solutions provide practitioners with electronic 
medical records, patient treatment 
 history, analytics, billing, accounts receivable analyses and management, appointment calendars, electronic 
 claims processing and word processing programs, network and hardware 
services, e-commerce and 
 electronic marketing services, sourcing third party patient payment plans, 
transition services and training 
 and education programs for practitioners. 
We also sell medical software for practice management, certified 
 electronic health records EHR and e-Prescribe medications and prescription 
solutions through 
 MicroMD . 
We have technical representatives supporting customers using our practice management 
 solutions and services. 
As of December 31, 2022, we had an active user base of approximately 
110,000 
 practices and 380,000 consumers, including users of AxiUm, Dentally , Dentrix 
Ascend , Dental 
 Vision , Dentrix Dental Systems, Dentrix Enterprise, Easy Dental , EndoVision , Evolution and 
 EXACT , Gesden , Jarvis Analytics , Julie Software, Oasis, OMSVision , Orisline , PBS Endo , 
 PerioVision , Power Practice Px, PowerDent, 
and Viive and subscriptions for Demandforce , Sesame, 
 and Lighthouse360 for dental practices and DentalPlans.com 
for dental patients; and MicroMD for 
 physician practices. 

Repair services.
 
We have over 130 equipment sales and service centers worldwide that provide a variety of 
 repair, installation and technical services for our health care customers. 
Our technicians provide 
 installation and repair services for: dental handpieces, 
dental and medical small equipment, 
table-top 
 sterilizers and large dental equipment. 

Financial services.
 
We offer our customers solutions in operating their practices more efficiently by 
 providing access to a number of financial services and products 
provided by third party suppliers (including 
 non-recourse financing for equipment, technology and software 
products, non-recourse practice financing 
 for leasehold improvements, business debt consolidation and commercial 
real estate, non-recourse patient 
 financing and credit card processing) at rates that we believe are 
generally lower than what our customers 
 would be able to secure independently. 
We also provide staffing services, dental practice valuation and 
 brokerage services. 
 Commitment to superior customer service
 . 
We maintain a strong commitment to providing superior customer 
 service. 
We frequently monitor our customer service through customer surveys, focus groups and statistical 
 reports. 
Our customer service policy primarily focuses on: 

Table of Contents 
 7 

Exceptional order fulfillment
 . 
We ship an average of approximately 157,000 cartons daily. 
Historically, 
 approximately 99 of items have been shipped without back-ordering and were 
shipped on the same 
 business day the order is received. 
Due to supply chain disruptions during the year ended December 
31, 
 2022, approximately 96 of items ordered were shipped without back-ordering. 
As supply chains continue 
 to stabilize, we expect our percentage of items shipped without back-ordering and 
shipped on the same day 
 to return to historical levels. 

Comprehensive ordering process
 . 
Customers may place orders 24 hours a day, 7 days a week via e-
 commerce solutions, telephone, fax, e-mail and mail. 
 Integrated management information systems
 . 
Certain of our information systems generally allow for centralized 
 management of key functions, including accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable, payroll, purchasing, 
 sales, order fulfillment and financial and operational reporting. 
These systems allow us to manage our growth, 
 deliver superior customer service, properly target customers, manage financial 
performance and monitor daily 
 operational statistics. 
 Cost-effective purchasing
 . 
We believe that cost-effective purchasing is a key element to maintaining and enhancing 
 our position as a competitively priced provider of health care products. 
We continuously evaluate our purchase 
 requirements and suppliers offerings and prices in order to obtain products at the 
lowest possible cost. 
In 2022, 
 our top 10 health care distribution suppliers and our single largest supplier accounted for approximately 
28 and 
 4 , respectively, of our aggregate purchases. 
 Efficient distribution
 . 
We distribute our products from our 29 strategically located distribution centers. 
We strive 
 to maintain optimal inventory levels in order to satisfy customer demand 
for prompt delivery and complete order 
 fulfillment. 
These inventory levels are managed on a daily basis with 
the aid of our management information 
 systems. 
Once an order is entered, it is electronically transmitted to the distribution 
center nearest the customer s 
 location for order fulfillment. 
 Products and Services 
 The following table sets forth the percentage of consolidated net sales 
by principal categories of products and 
 services offered through our health care distribution and technology and value-added services 
reportable segments: 
 December 31, 
 December 25, 
 December 26, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Health care distribution: 
 Dental products 
 (1)
 59.1 
 
 60.8 
 
 58.4 
 
 Medical products 
 (2)
 35.2 
 34.0 
 35.8 
 Total 
health care distribution 

 94.3 
 94.8 
 94.2 
 Technology 
and value-added services: 
 Software and related products and 
 
other value-added products 
 (3)
 5.7 
 5.2 
 5.1 
 Total 
excluding Corporate TSA net sales 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 99.3 
 Corporate TSA net sales 
 (4)
 - 
 - 
 0.7 
 Total 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 (1)
 Includes infection-control products, handpieces, preventatives, impression materials, composites, anesthetics, teeth, dental implants, 
 gypsum, acrylics, articulators, abrasives, dental chairs, delivery units and lights, X-ray supplies and equipment, PPE products, 
 equipment repair and high-tech and digital restoration equipment. 
 (2)
 Includes branded and generic pharmaceuticals, vaccines, surgical products, diagnostic tests, infection-control products, X-ray 
 products, equipment, PPE products and vitamins. 
 (3)
 Consists of practice management software and other value-added products, which are distributed primarily to health care providers, 
 and financial services on a non-recourse basis, e-services, continuing education services for practitioners, consulting and other 
 services. 
 (4)
 Corporate TSA net sales represents sales of certain products to Covetrus under the transition services agreement entered into in 
 connection with the Animal Health Spin-off, which ended in December 2020. 
See 
 Note-23 Related Party Transactions 
 
for further 
 information. 

Table of Contents 
 8 
 Business Strategy 
 Our mission is to provide innovative, integrated health care products and 
services; and to be trusted advisors and 
 consultants to our customers - enabling them to deliver the best quality patient 
care and enhance their practice 
 management efficiency and profitability. 
Our BOLD+1 Strategic Plan consists of the following: 

Build B 
 Complementary software, specialty, and services businesses for high growth 

Operationalize O 
One Distribution to deliver exceptional customer experience, increased 
efficiency, 
 and growth 

Leverage L 
One Schein to broaden and deepen relationships with our customers 

Drive D 
Drive digital transformation for our customers and for Henry Schein 

+1 
 Create Value 
for our stakeholders 
 To accomplish this, we apply our competitive strengths in executing the following strategies: 

Increase penetration of our existing customer base.
 
We have over 1 million customers worldwide and we 
 intend to increase sales to our existing customer base and enhance our position 
as their primary supplier. 

 We believe our offering of a broad range of products, services and support, including software solutions 
 that can help drive improved workflow efficiency and patient communications for 
practices, coupled with 
 our full-service value proposition, helps us to retain and grow our customer 
base. 

Increase the number of customers we serve.
 
This strategy includes increasing the productivity of our field 
 sales consultants and telesales team, as well as using our customer 
database to focus our marketing efforts 
 in all of our operating segments. 
In the dental business, we provide products and services to 
independent 
 practices, mid-market groups, and large DSOs as well as community health centers and government 
sites of 
 care. 
Leveraging our broad array of assets and capabilities, we offer solutions to address these 
new 
 markets. 
In the medical business, we have expanded to serve customers 
located in settings outside of the 
 traditional office, such as urgent care clinics, retail, occupational health and home health settings. 
As 
 settings of health care shift, we remain committed to serving these practitioners 
and providing them with 
 the products and services they need. 

Leverage our value-added products and services.
 
We continue to increase cross-selling efforts for key 
 product lines utilizing a consultative selling process. 
In the dental business, we have significant cross-
 selling opportunities between our dental software users and our dental customers. 
In the medical business, 
 we have opportunities to expand our vaccine, injectables and other pharmaceuticals 
sales to health care 
 practitioners, as well as cross-selling EHR systems and software 
when we sell our core products. 
Our 
 strategy extends to providing health systems, integrated delivery networks 
and other large group and multi-
 site health care organizations, including physician clinics, these same value added 
products and services. 

 As physicians and health systems closely align, we have increased 
access to opportunities for cross-
 marketing and selling our product and service portfolios. 

Pursue strategic acquisitions and joint ventures.
 
Our acquisition strategy is focused on investments in 
 companies that add new customers and sales teams, increase our geographic 
footprint (whether entering a 
 new country, such as emerging markets, or building scale where we have already invested in businesses), 
 and finally, those that enable us to access new products and technologies. 
 Markets Served 

 Demographic trends indicate that our markets are growing, as an 
aging U.S. population is increasingly using health 
 care services. 
According to the U.S. Census Bureau s International Database, between 2022 and 2032, the 45 and 
 older population is expected to grow by approximately 11 . 
Between 2022 and 2042, this age group is expected to 
 grow by approximately 21 . 
This compares with expected total U.S. population growth 
rates of approximately 6 
 between 2022 and 2032 and approximately 12 between 2022 and 2042. 

 In the dental industry, there is predicted to be a rise in oral health care expenditures as the 45-and-older segment of 
 the population increases. 
There is increasing demand for new technologies that allow 
dentists to increase 

Table of Contents 
 9 
 productivity, and this is being driven in the U.S. by lower insurance reimbursement rates. 
At the same time, there is 
 an expected increase in dental insurance coverage. 
 In the medical market, there continues to be a migration of procedures from 
acute-care settings to physicians 
 offices and home health settings, 
a trend that we believe provides additional opportunities for us. 
There also is the 
 continuing use of vaccines, injectables and other pharmaceuticals in alternate-care 
settings. 
We believe we have 
 established a leading position as a vaccine supplier to the office-based physician 
practitioner. 
 We support our dental and medical professionals through the many SKUs that we offer, as well as through 
 important value-added services, including practice management software, 
electronic claims processing, financial 
 services and continuing education, all designed to help maximize a practitioner s efficiency. 

 Additionally, we seek to expand our dental full-service model and medical offerings in countries where 
 opportunities exist. 
We do this through both direct sales and by partnering with local distribution and 
 manufacturing companies. 
 For information on revenues and long-lived assets by geographic area, see 
 Note 3 Segment and Geographic Data 
 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Seasonality and Other Factors Affecting Our Business and Quarterly Results 
 We experience fluctuations in quarterly earnings. 
As a result, we may fail to meet or exceed the expectations of 
 securities analysts and investors, which could cause our stock price 
to decline. 
 Our business is subject to seasonal and other quarterly fluctuations. 
Sales and profitability generally have been 
 higher in the third and fourth quarters due to the timing of sales of seasonal 
products (including influenza vaccine) 
 purchasing patterns of office-based health care practitioners for certain products (including 
equipment and 
 software) and year-end promotions. 
Sales and profitability may also be impacted by the timing of 
certain annual 
 and biennial dental tradeshows where equipment promotions are offered. 
In addition, some dental practices delay 
 equipment purchases in the U.S. until year-end due to tax incentives. 
We expect our historical seasonality of sales 
 to continue in the foreseeable future. 
 Governmental Regulations 
 
 We 
 strive to be compliant in all material respects with the applicable 
laws, regulations and guidance described 
 below, and believe we have effective compliance programs and other controls in place to ensure substantial 
 compliance. 
However, compliance is not guaranteed either now or in the future, as certain laws, regulations and 
 guidance may be subject to varying and evolving interpretations that could 
affect our ability to comply, as well as 
 future changes, additions and enforcement approaches, including political changes. 
When we discover situations of 
 non-compliance we seek to remedy them and bring the affected area back into compliance. 
President Biden s 
 administration (the Biden Administration has indicated that it will be 
more aggressive in its pursuit of alleged 
 violations of law, and has revoked certain guidance that would have limited governmental use of informal agency 
 guidance to pursue potential violations, and has stated that it is more prepared 
to pursue individuals for corporate 
 law violations, including an aggressive approach to anti-corruption activities. 
Changes to applicable laws, 
 regulations and guidance described below, as well as related administrative or judicial interpretations, may require 
 us to update or revise our operations, services, marketing practices and 
compliance programs and controls, and may 
 impose additional and unforeseen costs on us, pose new or previously immaterial 
risks to us, or may otherwise have 
 a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Government 
 Certain of our businesses involve the distribution, manufacturing, importation, 
exportation, marketing and sale of, 
 and/or third party payment for, pharmaceuticals and/or medical devices, and in this regard, we are subject 
to 
 extensive local, state, federal and foreign governmental laws and regulations, 
including as applicable to our 
 wholesale distribution of pharmaceuticals and medical devices, manufacturing 
activities, and as part of our 
 specialty home medical supply business that distributes and sells medical equipment 
and supplies directly to 

Table of Contents 
 10 
 patients. 
Federal, state and certain foreign governments have also increased enforcement 
activity in the health care 
 sector, particularly in areas of fraud and abuse, anti-bribery and corruption, controlled substances handling, 
medical 
 device regulations and data privacy and security standards. 
 Government and private insurance programs fund a large portion of the total cost of medical care, 
and there have 
 been efforts to limit such private and government insurance programs, including efforts, thus far 
unsuccessful, to 
 seek repeal of the entire United States Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, 
as amended by the Health Care 
 and Education Reconciliation Act, each enacted in March 2010 (as amended, 
the ACA ). 
In addition, activities to 
 control medical costs, including laws and regulations lowering reimbursement 
rates for pharmaceuticals, medical 
 devices and/or medical treatments or services, are ongoing. 
Many of these laws and regulations are subject to 
 change and their evolving implementation may impact our operations and our 
financial performance. 
 Our businesses are generally subject to numerous laws and regulations that could 
impact our financial performance, 
 and failure to comply with such laws or regulations could have a material adverse 
effect on our business. 
 Operating, Security and Licensure Standards
 Certain of our businesses are subject to local, state and federal governmental 
laws and regulations relating to the 
 distribution of pharmaceuticals and medical devices and supplies. 
Among the United States federal laws applicable 
 to us are the Controlled Substances Act, the Federal Food, Drug, 
and Cosmetic Act, as amended FDC Act ), 
 Section 361 of the Public Health Service Act and Section 401 of the Consolidated 
Appropriations Act of the Social 
 Security Act, as well as laws regulating the billing of and reimbursement 
from government programs, such as 
 Medicare and Medicaid, and from commercial payers. 

 We 
 are also subject to comparable foreign regulations. 
 The FDC Act, the Controlled Substances Act, their implementing regulations, 
and similar foreign laws generally 
 regulate the introduction, manufacture, advertising, marketing and promotion, 
sampling, pricing and 
 reimbursement, labeling, packaging, storage, handling, returning or recalling, 
reporting, and distribution of, and 
 record keeping for, pharmaceuticals and medical devices shipped in interstate commerce, and states 
may similarly 
 regulate such activities within the state. 
Furthermore, Section 361 of the Public Health Service Act, which provides 
 authority to prevent the introduction, transmission or spread of communicable 
diseases, serves as the legal basis for 
 the United States Food and Drug Administration s FDA regulation of human cells, tissues and cellular and 
 tissue-based products, also known as HCT/P products. 
 The Federal Drug Quality and Security Act of 2013 brought about significant 
changes with respect to 
 pharmaceutical supply chain requirements. 
Title II of this measure, known as the Drug Supply Chain Security Act 
 DSCSA ), was first implemented in November 2014 and will be phased 
in over a period of ten years. DSCSA is 
 intended to build a national electronic, interoperable system by November 
27, 2023, that will identify and trace 
 certain prescription drugs as they are distributed in the United States. 
The law s track and trace requirements 
 applicable to manufacturers, wholesalers, third-party logistics providers (e.g., 
trading partners), repackagers and 
 dispensers (e.g., pharmacies) of prescription drugs took effect in January 2015, and 
continues to be implemented. 

 The DSCSA product tracing requirements replace the former FDA drug pedigree 
requirements and pre-empt certain 
 state requirements that are inconsistent with, more stringent than, or 
in addition to, the DSCSA requirements. 
 The DSCSA also establishes certain requirements for the licensing and operation 
of prescription drug wholesalers 
 and third-party logistics providers 3PLs ), and includes the eventual 
creation of national wholesaler and 3PL 
 licenses in cases where states do not license such entities. 
The DSCSA requires that wholesalers and 3PLs 
 distribute drugs in accordance with certain standards regarding the recordkeeping, 
storage and handling of 
 prescription drugs. 
The DSCSA requires wholesalers and 3PLs to submit annual reports 
to the FDA, which include 
 information regarding each state where the wholesaler or 3PL is licensed, the name 
and address of each facility and 
 contact information. 
According to FDA guidance, states are pre-empted from imposing 
any licensing requirements 
 that are inconsistent with, less stringent than, directly related to, or covered 
by the standards established by federal 
 law in this area. 
Current state licensing requirements concerning wholesalers will 
remain in effect until the FDA 
 issues new regulations as directed by the DSCSA. 
In addition, with respect to our specialty home medical supply 
 business, we are subject to certain state licensure laws (including state pharmacy 
laws), and also certain 
 accreditation standards, including to qualify for reimbursement from 
Medicare and other third-party payers. 

Table of Contents 
 11 
 The Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007 and 
the Food and Drug Administration Safety and 
 Innovation Act of 2012 amended the FDC Act to require the FDA to promulgate 
regulations to implement a unique 
 device identification UDI system. 
The UDI rule phased in the implementation of the UDI 
regulations, 
 generally beginning with the highest-risk devices (i.e., Class III medical devices) 
and ending with the lowest-risk 
 devices. 
Most compliance dates were reached as of September 24, 2018, with 
a final set of requirements for low 
 risk devices being reached on September 24, 2022, which completed the 
phase in. 
However, in May 2021, the 
 FDA issued an enforcement policy stating that it does not intend to 
object to the use of legacy identification 
 numbers on device labels and packages for finished devices manufactured 
and labeled prior to September 24, 2023. 

 The UDI regulations require labelers to include unique device identifiers UDIs ), with a content and format 
 prescribed by the FDA and issued under a system operated by an FDA-accredited 
issuing agency, on the labels and 
 packages of medical devices (including, but not limited to, certain software 
that qualifies as a medical device under 
 FDA rules), and to directly mark certain devices with UDIs. 
The UDI regulations also require labelers to submit 
 certain information concerning UDI-labeled devices to the FDA, much of which 
information is publicly available 
 on an FDA database, the Global Unique Device Identification Database. 
On July 22, 2022, the FDA posted the 
 final guidance regarding the Global Unique Device Identification Database 
called Unique Device Identification 
 Policy Regarding Compliance Dates for Class I and Unclassified Devices, Direct 
Marketing, and Global Unique 
 Device Identification Database Requirements for Certain Devices. 
The UDI regulations and subsequent FDA 
 guidance regarding the UDI requirements provide for certain exceptions, alternatives 
and time extensions. 
For 
 example, the UDI regulations include a general exception for Class I devices 
exempt from the Quality System 
 Regulation (other than record-keeping requirements and complaint files). 
Regulated labelers include entities such 
 as device manufacturers, repackagers, reprocessors and relabelers that cause a 
device s label to be applied or 
 modified, with the intent that the device will be commercially distributed without 
any subsequent replacement or 
 modification of the label and include certain of our businesses. 
 Under the Controlled Substances Act, as a distributor of controlled substances, 
we are required to obtain and renew 
 annually registrations for our facilities from the United States Drug 
Enforcement Administration DEA 
 permitting us to handle controlled substances. 
We are also subject to other statutory and regulatory requirements 
 relating to the storage, sale, marketing, handling, reporting, record-keeping 
and distribution of such drugs, in 
 accordance with the Controlled Substances Act and its implementing regulations, 
and these requirements have been 
 subject to heightened enforcement activity in recent times. 

 We 
 are subject to inspection by the DEA. 
Certain of 
 our businesses are also required to register for permits and/or licenses 
with, and comply with operating and security 
 standards of, the DEA, the FDA, the United States Department of Health 
and Human Services HHS ), and 
 various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments and/or comparable state agencies as well as comparable 
 foreign agencies, and certain accrediting bodies, depending on the type of 
operations and location of product 
 distribution, manufacturing or sale. 
These businesses include those that distribute, manufacture, relabel, and/or 
 repackage prescription pharmaceuticals and/or medical devices and/or HCT/P 
products, or own pharmacy 
 operations, or install, maintain or repair equipment. 

 In addition, Section 301 of the National Organ Transplant Act, and a number of comparable state laws, impose civil 
 and/or criminal penalties for the transfer of certain human tissue (for example, 
human bone products) for valuable 
 consideration, while generally permitting payments for the reasonable costs 
incurred in procuring, processing, 
 storing and distributing that tissue. 

 We 
 are also subject to foreign government regulation of such products. 
The 
 DEA, the FDA and state regulatory authorities have broad inspection and enforcement 
powers, including the ability 
 to suspend or limit the distribution of products by our distribution centers, 
seize or order the recall of products and 
 impose significant criminal, civil and administrative sanctions for violations of 
these laws and regulations. 
Foreign 
 regulations subject us to similar foreign enforcement powers. 
 EU Regulation of Medicinal and Dental Products 

 European Union EU member states regulate their own healthcare systems, 
as does EU law. 
The latter regulates 
 certain matters, most notably medicinal products and medical devices. 
Medicinal products are defined, broadly, as 
 substances or combinations of substances having certain functionalities and 
may not include medical devices. 
EU 
 regulations apply in all member states, whereas directives are implemented 
by the individual laws of member 
 states. 

Table of Contents 
 12 
 On medicines for humans, we are regulated under Directive No. 2001/83/EC 
of 6 November 2001, as amended by 
 Directive 2003/63/EC of 25 June 2003, and EU Regulation (EC) No. 726/2004 
of 31 March 2004. 
These rules 
 provide for the authorization of products, and regulate their manufacture, 
importation, marketing and distribution. 

 It implements requirements which may be implemented without warning, as 
well as a national pharmacovigilance 
 system under which marketing authorizations may be withdrawn, and includes 
potential sanctions for breaches of 
 the rules, and on other bases such as harmfulness or lack of efficacy. 

 EU Regulation No. 1223/2009 of 30 November 2009 
 on cosmetic products
 
requires that cosmetic products (which 
 includes dental products) be safe for human health when used under normal 
or reasonably foreseeable conditions of 
 use and comply with certain obligations which apply to manufacturer, importer and distributor. 
It includes market 
 surveillance, and non-compliance may result in the recall or withdrawal of 
products, along with other sanctions. 

 In the EU, the EU Medical Device Regulation No. 2017/745 of 5 April 2017 EU MDR covers a wide scope of 
 our activities, from dental material to X-ray machines, and certain software. 
It was meant to become applicable 
 three years after publication (i.e., May 26, 2020). 
However, on April 23, 2020, to allow European Economic Area 
 EEA national authorities, notified bodies, manufacturers and other actors 
to focus fully on urgent priorities 
 related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the European Council and Parliament 
adopted Regulation 2020/561, 
 postponing the date of application of the EU MDR by one year (to 
May 26, 2021). 
 The EU MDR significantly modifies and intensifies the regulatory compliance 
requirements for the medical device 
 industry as a whole. 
Among other things, the EU MDR: 
 
strengthens the rules on placing devices on the market and reinforces surveillance 
once they are available; 
 
establishes explicit provisions on manufacturers responsibilities 
for the follow-up of the quality, 
 performance and safety of devices placed on the market; 
 
improves the traceability of medical devices throughout the supply chain to the 
end-user or patient through 
 a unique identification number; 
 
sets up a central database to provide patients, healthcare professionals and 
the public with comprehensive 
 information on products available in the EU; 

strengthens rules for the assessment of certain high-risk devices, such 
as implants, which may have to 
 undergo an additional check by experts before they are placed on the market; and 
 
identifies importers and distributors and medical device products through 
registration in a database 
 (EUDAMED, which is not fully functional for the time being and might 
not be so before the end of 2024 at 
 the earliest; therefore, the use of this database is only possible through 
a voluntary basis and, by a way of 
 consequence, is currently not mandatory). 
 In particular, the EU MDR imposes strict requirements for the confirmation that a product meets 
the regulatory 
 requirements, including regarding a product s clinical evaluation and a company s quality systems, and for the 
 distribution, marketing and sale of medical devices, including post-market 
surveillance. Medical devices that have 
 been assessed and/or certified under the Directive No. 93/42/EEC of 
14 June 1993 
 concerning medical devices 
 EU Medical Device Directive may for the moment continue to be placed 
on the market until 2024 (or until the 
 expiry of their certificates, if applicable and earlier). 
However, on January 6, 2023, the EU Commission submitted a 
 proposed amendment to extend the MDR transitional periods until December 
31, 2027 for higher risk devices and 
 December 31, 2028, for other medical devices to ensure continued access 
to medical devices for patients and to 
 allow medical devices already placed on the market in accordance with 
the current legal framework to remain on 
 the market. We continue to monitor developments and whether the proposed amendment and new deadlines will be 
 approved by the European Parliament and Council. Nevertheless, EU MDR 
requirements regarding the distribution, 
 marketing and sale including quality systems and post-market surveillance 
have to be observed by manufacturers, 
 importers and distributors as of the application date (i.e., since May 26, 2021). 
 Other EU regulations that may apply under appropriate circumstances 
include EU Regulation No. 1907/2006 of 18 
 December 2006 
 concerning the Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and 
Restriction of Chemicals
 , which 
 requires importers to register substances or mixtures that they import 
in the EU beyond certain quantities, and the 
 EU Regulation No. 1272/2008 of 16 December 2008 on classification, labelling 
and packaging of substances and 
 mixtures, which sets various obligations with respect to the labelling and 
packaging of concerned substances and 
 mixtures. 

Table of Contents 
 13 
 Furthermore, compliance with legal requirements has required and may in the future 
require us to delay product 
 release, sale or distribution, or institute voluntary recalls of, or other corrective 
action with respect to products we 
 sell, each of which could result in regulatory and enforcement actions, financial 
losses and potential reputational 
 harm. 
Our customers are also subject to significant federal, state, local 
and foreign governmental regulation, which 
 may affect our interactions with customers, including the design and functionality 
of our products. 
 Certain of our businesses are subject to various additional federal, state, 
local and foreign laws and regulations, 
 including with respect to the sale, transportation, storage, handling and 
disposal of hazardous or potentially 
 hazardous substances, and safe working conditions. 
In addition, certain of our businesses must operate in 
 compliance with a variety of burdensome and complex billing and record-keeping 
requirements in order to 
 substantiate claims for payment under federal, state and commercial healthcare 
reimbursement programs. 
One of 
 these businesses was suspended in October 2021 by CMS from receiving 
payments from Medicare, although it was 
 permitted to continue to perform and bill for Medicare services. 
On September 30, 2022, CMS terminated the 
 suspension of Medicare payments. 
As a result of the termination of the suspension, we recognized 
 4 million of 
 previously deferred revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Certain of our businesses also maintain contracts with governmental agencies 
and are subject to certain regulatory 
 requirements specific to government contractors. 
 Antitrust and Consumer Protection 
 The federal government of the United States, most U.S. states and many 
foreign countries have antitrust laws that 
 prohibit certain types of conduct deemed to be anti-competitive, as well as consumer 
protection laws that seek to 
 protect consumers from improper business practices. 
At the U.S. federal level, the Federal Trade Commission 
 oversees enforcement of these types of laws, and states have similar government 
agencies. 
Violations of antitrust 
 or consumer protection laws may result in various sanctions, including criminal 
and civil penalties. 
Private 
 plaintiffs may also bring civil lawsuits against us in the United States for alleged antitrust 
law violations, including 
 claims for treble damages. 
EU law also regulates competition and provides for detailed rules protecting 
consumers. 

 The Biden Administration has indicated increased antitrust enforcement and 
has been more aggressive in 
 enforcement activities, including investigation and challenging non-compete 
restrictions and other restrictive 
 contractual terms that it believes harm workers and competition. 
 Health Care Fraud 
 Certain of our businesses are subject to federal and state (and similar 
foreign) health care fraud and abuse, referral 
 and reimbursement laws and regulations with respect to their operations. 
Some of these laws, referred to as false 
 claims laws, prohibit the submission or causing the submission of false or fraudulent 
claims for reimbursement to 
 federal, state and other health care payers and programs. 
Other laws, referred to as anti-kickback laws, prohibit 
 soliciting, offering, receiving or paying remuneration in order to induce the referral 
of a patient or ordering, 
 purchasing, leasing or arranging for, or recommending, ordering, purchasing or leasing of, items or services 
that are 
 paid for by federal, state and other health care payers and programs. 
Certain additional state and federal laws, such 
 as the federal Physician Self-Referral Law, commonly known as the Stark Law, prohibit physicians and other 
 health professionals from referring a patient to an entity with which the 
physician (or family member) has a 
 financial relationship, for the furnishing of certain designated health services 
(for example, durable medical 
 equipment and medical supplies), unless an exception applies. 
Violations of Anti-Kickback Statutes or the Stark 
 Law may be enforced as violations of the federal False Claims Act. 
 The fraud and abuse laws and regulations have been subject to heightened 
enforcement activity over the past few 
 years, and significant enforcement activity has been the result of relators who 
serve as whistleblowers by filing 
 complaints in the name of the United States (and if applicable, particular states) 
under applicable false claims laws, 
 and who may receive up to 30 of total government recoveries. 
Penalties under fraud and abuse laws may be 
 severe, including treble damages and substantial civil penalties under 
the federal False Claims Act, as well as 
 potential loss of licenses and the ability to participate in federal and state 
health care programs, criminal penalties, 
 or imposition of a corporate integrity agreement or corporate compliance 
monitor which could have a material 
 adverse effect on our business. 
Also, these measures may be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, 
regulatory or 

Table of Contents 
 14 
 judicial authority in a manner that could require us to make changes 
in our operations or incur substantial defense 
 and settlement expenses. 
Even unsuccessful challenges by regulatory authorities or private 
relators could result in 
 reputational harm and the incurring of substantial costs. 
Most states have adopted similar state false claims laws, 
 and these state laws have their own penalties, which may be in addition 
to federal False Claims Act penalties, as 
 well as other fraud and abuse laws. 

 With respect to measures of this type, the United States government (among others) has expressed concerns 
about 
 financial relationships between suppliers on the one hand and physicians, 
dentists and other healthcare 
 professionals on the other. 
As a result, we regularly review and revise our marketing practices as necessary 
to 
 facilitate compliance. 
 We 
 also are subject to certain United States and foreign laws and regulations 
concerning the conduct of our foreign 
 operations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery 
Act, German anti-corruption laws 
 and other anti-bribery laws and laws pertaining to the accuracy of our internal 
books and records, which have been 
 the focus of increasing enforcement activity globally in recent years. 
 While we believe that we are substantially compliant with applicable fraud and 
abuse laws and regulations, and 
 have adequate compliance programs and controls in place to ensure substantial 
compliance, we cannot predict 
 whether changes in applicable law, or interpretation of laws, or changes in our services or marketing practices in 
 response to changes in applicable law or interpretation of laws, or failure 
to comply with applicable law, could have 
 a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Affordable Care Act and Other Insurance Reform 
 The ACA increased federal oversight of private health insurance plans and 
included a number of provisions 
 designed to reduce Medicare expenditures and the cost of health care generally, to reduce fraud and abuse, and to 
 provide access to increased health coverage. 
The ACA also materially expanded the number of individuals 
in the 
 United States with health insurance. 

 The ACA has faced frequent legal challenges, including litigation seeking 
to invalidate and Congressional action 
 seeking to repeal some of or all of the law or the manner in which it has been 
implemented. 
In 2012, the United 
 States Supreme Court, in upholding the constitutionality of the 
ACA and its individual mandate provision requiring 
 that people buy health insurance or else face a penalty, simultaneously limited ACA provisions requiring Medicaid 
 expansion, making such expansion a state-by-state decision. 
In addition, one of the major political parties in the 
 United States remains committed to seeking the ACA s legislative repeal, but legislative efforts to do so have 
 previously failed to pass both chambers of Congress. 
Under President Trump s administration, a number of 
 administrative actions were taken to materially weaken the ACA, including, 
without limitation, by permitting the 
 use of less robust plans with lower coverage and eliminating premium support 
for insurers providing policies 
 under the ACA. 
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in 2017, which contains a broad range of tax reform provisions 
 that impact the individual and corporate 
tax rates, international tax provisions, income tax add-back provisions 
and 
 deductions, also effectively repealed the ACA s 
individual mandate by zeroing out the penalty for non-compliance. 

 In the most recent ACA litigation, the federal Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals 
found the individual mandate to be 
 unconstitutional, and returned the case to the District Court for the Northern 
District of Texas for consideration of 
 whether the remainder of the ACA could survive the excision of the individual 
mandate. 
The Fifth Circuit s 
 decision was appealed to the United States Supreme Court. 
The Supreme Court issued a decision on June 17, 2021. 

 Without reaching the merits of the case, the Supreme Court held that the plaintiffs in the case did not have standing 
 to challenge the ACA. 
Any outcomes of future cases that change the ACA, in addition 
to future legislation, 
 regulation, guidance and/or Executive Orders that do the same, could have a 
significant impact on the U.S. 
 healthcare industry. 
For instance, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 enhanced 
premium tax credits, which has 
 resulted in an expansion of the number of people covered under the ACA. 
These changes are time-limited, with 
 some enhancements in place for 2021 only and others available through 
the end of 2022. 
 An ACA provision, generally referred to as the Physician Payment Sunshine 
Act or Open Payments Program (the 
 Sunshine Act ), imposes annual reporting and disclosure requirements 
for drug and device manufacturers and 
 distributors with regard to payments or other transfers of value made to certain 
covered recipients (including 
 physicians, dentists, teaching hospitals, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, 
clinical nurse specialists, certified 

Table of Contents 
 15 
 registered nurse anesthetists, and certified nurse midwives), and for such manufacturers 
and distributors and for 
 group purchasing organizations, with regard to certain ownership interests held by covered 
recipients in the 
 reporting entity. 
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS publishes information 
from these 
 reports on a publicly available website, including amounts transferred and physician, 
dentist, teaching hospital, and 
 non-physician practitioner identities. 
The Sunshine Act pre-empts similar state reporting laws, although we 
or our 
 subsidiaries may be required to report under certain state transparency laws that 
address circumstances not covered 
 by the Sunshine Act, and some of these state laws, as well as the federal 
law, can be unclear. 

 We 
 are also subject to 
 foreign regulations requiring transparency of certain interactions between 
suppliers and their customers. 

 In the United States, government actions to seek to increase health-related 
price transparency may also affect our 
 business. 
For example, hospitals are currently required to publish online a 
list of their standard charges for all items 
 and services, including discounted cash prices and payer-specific and de-identified negotiated 
charges, in a publicly 
 accessible online file. Hospitals are also required to publish a consumer-friendly 
list of standard charges for certain 
 shoppable services (i.e., services that can be scheduled by a patient in 
advance) and associated ancillary services 
 or, alternatively, maintain an online price estimator tool. CMS may impose civil monetary penalties for 
 noncompliance with these price transparency requirements. Additionally, the No Surprises Act NSA ), generally 
 effective January 1, 2022, imposes additional price transparency requirements. 
The NSA is intended to reduce the 
 number of out-of-network patients. 
This will result in fewer out-of-network payments to physicians and 
other 
 providers, which may cause financial stress to those providers who 
are dependent on higher out-of-network fees. 
 Another notable Medicare health care reform initiative, the Medicare Access 
and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 
 2015 MACRA ), enacted on April 16, 2015, established a new payment framework, 
which modified certain 
 Medicare payments to eligible clinicians, including physicians, dentists and 
other practitioners. 
Under MACRA, 
 certain eligible clinicians are required to participate in Medicare through the Merit-Based 
Incentive Payment 
 System MIPS or Advanced Alternative Payment Models, through which 
Medicare reimbursement to eligible 
 clinicians includes both positive and negative payment adjustments that take 
into account quality, promoting 
 interoperability, cost and improvement activities. 
Data collected in the first MIPS performance year (2017) 
 determined payment adjustments that began January 1, 2019. 
MACRA standards and payment levels continue to 
 evolve, and reflect a fundamental change in physician reimbursement 
that is expected to provide substantial 
 financial incentives for physicians to participate in risk contracts, and to increase 
physician information technology 
 and reporting obligations. 
The implications of the implementation of MACRA are uncertain and will 
depend on 
 future regulatory activity and physician activity in the marketplace. 
New state-level payment and delivery system 
 reform programs, including those modeled after such federal programs, are 
also increasingly being rolled out 
 through Medicaid administrators, as well as through the private sector, which may further 
alter the marketplace and 
 impact our business. 

 Recently, in addition to other government efforts to control health care costs, there has been increased scrutiny on 
 drug pricing and concurrent efforts to control or reduce drug costs by Congress, the 
President, executive branch 
 agencies and various states. 
At the state level, several states have adopted laws that require drug manufacturers 
to 
 provide advance notice of certain price increases and to report information 
relating to those price increases, while 
 others have taken legislative or administrative action to establish prescription 
drug affordability boards or multi-
 payer purchasing pools to reduce the cost of prescription drugs. 
At the federal level, several related bills have been 
 introduced and regulations proposed which, if enacted or finalized, 
respectively, would impact drug pricing and 
 related costs. 
 As a result of political, economic and regulatory influences, the health care distribution 
industry in the United 
 States is under intense scrutiny and subject to fundamental changes. 

 We 
 cannot predict what further reform 
 proposals, if any, will be adopted, when they may be adopted, or what impact they may have on us. 
 EU Directive on the pricing and reimbursement of medicinal products 

 EU law provides for the regulation of the pricing of medicinal products which are 
implemented by EU member 
 states (Directive No. 89/105/EC of 21 December 1988 
 relating to the transparency of measures regulating the 
 pricing of medicinal products for human use and their inclusion in the scope of national health insurance 
systems). 

 Member states may, subject notably to transparency conditions and to the statement of reasons based upon 
 objective and verifiable criteria, regulate the price charged (or its increases) for authorized 
medicines and their level 

Table of Contents 
 16 
 of reimbursement, or they may freeze prices, place controls on the profitability 
of persons responsible for placing 
 medicinal products on the market, and include or exclude the medicine on 
the list of products covered by national 
 health insurance systems. 

 EU law does not expressly include provisions like those of the Sunshine Act 
in the United States, but a growing 
 number of EU member states (such as France in 2011 and Italy in 2022) have enacted laws to increase 
the 
 transparency of relationships in the healthcare sector. 
The scope of these laws varies from one member state to 
 another and may, for example, include the relations between healthcare industry players and physicians or their 
 associations, students preparing for medical professions or their associations, 
teachers, health establishments or 
 publishers of prescription and dispensing assistance software. 
 Regulated Software; Electronic Health Records 
 The FDA has become increasingly active in addressing the regulation of 
computer software and digital health 
 products intended for use in health care settings. 
The 21st Century Cures Act (the Cures Act ), signed into law on 
 December 13, 2016, among other things, amended the medical device definition 
to exclude certain software from 
 FDA regulation, including clinical decision 
support software that meets certain criteria. 
On September 27, 2019, 
 the FDA issued a suite of guidance documents on digital health products, which 
incorporated applicable Cures Act 
 standards, including regarding the types of clinical decision support tools and other 
software that are exempt from 
 regulation by the FDA as medical devices, and continues to issue new guidance 
in this area. 
Certain of our 
 businesses involve the development and sale of software and related products 
to support physician and dental 
 practice management, and it is possible that the FDA or foreign government 
authorities could determine that one or 
 more of our products is a medical device, which could subject us or one 
or more of our businesses to substantial 
 additional requirements 
with respect to these products. 
 In addition, our businesses that involve physician and dental practice management 
products, and our specialty home 
 medical supply business, include electronic information technology systems 
that store and process personal health, 
 clinical, financial and other sensitive information of individuals. 
These information technology systems may be 
 vulnerable to breakdown, wrongful intrusions, data breaches and malicious 
attack, which could require us to 
 expend significant resources to eliminate these problems and address related 
security concerns and could involve 
 claims against us by private parties and/or governmental agencies. 
For example, we are directly or indirectly 
 subject to numerous and evolving federal, state, local and foreign laws and 
regulations that protect the privacy and 
 security of personal information, such as the federal Health Insurance Portability 
and Accountability Act of 1996, 
 as amended, and implementing regulations HIPAA ), the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography 
 and Marketing Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991, Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission 
 Act, the California Privacy Act CCPA ), and the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA that became effective 
 on January 1, 2023. 
Additionally, Virginia, 
Colorado, Connecticut and Utah recently passed comprehensive 
 privacy legislation, and several privacy bills have been proposed both at 
the federal and state level that may result 
 in additional legal requirements that impact our business. 
Laws and regulations relating to privacy and data 
 protection are continually evolving and subject to potentially differing interpretations. 
These requirements may not 
 be harmonized, may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent 
from one jurisdiction to another or 
 may conflict with other rules or our practices. 
Our businesses failure to comply with these laws and regulations 
 could expose us to breach of contract claims, substantial fines, penalties and 
other liabilities and expenses, costs for 
 remediation and harm to our reputation. 
Also, evolving laws and regulations in this area could restrict the 
ability of 
 our customers to obtain, use or disseminate patient information, or could 
require us to incur significant additional 
 costs to re-design our products to reflect these legal requirements, which 
could have a material adverse effect on 
 our operations. 

 Also, the European Parliament and the Council of the EU adopted the pan-European 
General Data Protection 
 Regulation GDPR ), effective from May 25, 2018, which increased privacy 
rights for individuals Data 
 Subjects ), including individuals who are our customers, suppliers and 
employees. 
The GDPR extended the scope 
 of responsibilities for data controllers and data processors, and generally 
imposes increased requirements and 
 potential penalties on companies, such as us, that are either established 
in the EU and process personal data of Data 
 Subjects (regardless the Data Subject location), or that are not established 
in the EU but that offer goods or services 
 to Data Subjects in the EU or monitor their behavior in the EU. Noncompliance 
can result in penalties of up to the 
 greater of EUR 20 million, or 4 of global company revenues (sanction 
that may be public), and Data Subjects 

Table of Contents 
 17 
 may seek damages. 
Member states may individually impose additional requirements 
and penalties regarding 
 certain limited matters (for which the GDPR let some room of flexibility), 
such as employee personal data. 
With 
 respect to the personal data it protects, the GDPR requires, among other things, 
controller accountability, consents 
 from Data Subjects or another acceptable legal basis to process the 
personal data, notification within 72 hours of a 
 personal data breach where required, data integrity and security, and fairness and transparency regarding the 
 storage, use or other processing of the personal data. 
The GDPR also provides rights to Data Subjects relating 
 notably to information, access, rectification, erasure of the personal 
data and 
the right to object to the processing. 

 On August 20, 2021, China promulgated the PRC Personal Information 
Protection Law PIPL ), which took effect 
 on November 1, 2021. 
The PIPL imposes specific rules for processing personal information 
and it also specifies 
 that the law shall also apply to personal information activities carried out 
outside China but for the purpose of 
 providing products or services to PRC citizens. 
Any non-compliance with these laws and regulations may 
subject 
 us to fines, orders to rectify or terminate any actions that are deemed 
illegal by regulatory authorities, other 
 penalties, as well as reputational damage or legal proceedings against us, 
which may affect our business, financial 
 condition or results of operations. 
The PIPL carries maximum penalties of CNY50 million or 5 of the 
annual 
 revenue of entities that process personal data. 
 In the United States, the CCPA, which increases the privacy protections afforded California residents, became 
 effective January 1, 2020. 
The CCPA generally requires companies, such as us, to institute additional protections 
 regarding the collection, use and disclosure of certain personal information 
of California residents. 
Compliance 
 with the obligations imposed by the CCPA depends in part on how particular regulators interpret and apply them. 

 Regulations were released in August of 2020, but there remains some 
uncertainty about how the CCPA will be 
 interpreted by the courts and enforced by the regulators. 
If we fail to comply with the CCPA or if regulators assert 
 that we have failed to comply with the CCPA, we may be subject to certain fines or other penalties and litigation, 
 any of which may negatively impact our reputation, require us to expend 
significant resources, and harm our 
 business. 
Furthermore, California voters approved the CPRA on November 3, 
2020, which amends and expands 
 the CCPA, including by providing consumers with additional rights with respect to their personal information, and 
 creating a new state agency, the California Privacy Protection Agency, to enforce the CCPA 
and the CPRA. 
The 
 CPRA came into effect on January 1, 2023, applying to information collected by 
businesses on or after January 1, 
 2022. 

 Other states, as well as the federal government, have increasingly 
considered the adoption of similarly expansive 
 personal privacy laws, backed by significant civil penalties for non-compliance. 
Virginia and Colorado were both 
 successful in passing privacy legislation in 2021, becoming effective on January 
1, 2023 and July 1, 2023, 
 respectively. 
In 2022, privacy legislation passed in Connecticut, effective July 1, 2023, and 
Utah, effective 
 December 31, 2023. 
While we believe we have substantially compliant programs 
and controls in place to comply 
 with the GDPR, CCPA, PIPL, CPRA and state law requirements, our compliance with data privacy and 
 cybersecurity laws is likely to impose additional costs on us, and we cannot 
predict whether the interpretations of 
 the requirements, or changes in our practices in response to new requirements 
or interpretations of the 
 requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We 
 also sell products and services that health care providers, such as physicians 
and dentists, use to store and 
 manage patient medical or dental records. 
These customers, and we, are subject to laws, regulations and industry 
 standards, such as HIPAA and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, which require the protection of 
 the privacy and security of those records, and our products may also be 
used as part of these customers 
 comprehensive data security programs, including in connection with their efforts to comply with 
applicable privacy 
 and security laws. 
Perceived or actual security vulnerabilities in our products or services, 
or the perceived or actual 
 failure by us or our customers 
who use our products or services to comply with applicable legal or 
contractual data 
 privacy and security requirements, may not only cause us significant reputational 
harm, but may also lead to claims 
 against us by our customers and/or governmental agencies and involve substantial 
fines, penalties and other 
 liabilities and expenses and costs for remediation. 
 Various 
federal initiatives involve the adoption and use by health care 
providers of certain electronic health care 
 records systems and processes. 
The initiatives include, among others, programs that incentivize 
physicians and 
 dentists, through MIPS, to use EHR technology in accordance with certain 
evolving requirements, including 
 regarding quality, promoting interoperability, cost and improvement activities. 
Qualification for the MIPS 

Table of Contents 
 18 
 incentive payments requires the use of EHRs that are certified as having certain 
capabilities designated in evolving 
 standards adopted by CMS and the Office of the National Coordinator for Health 
Information Technology of HHS 
 ONC ). 
Certain of our businesses involve the manufacture and sale of such 
certified EHR systems and other 
 products linked to government supported incentive programs. 
In order to maintain certification of our EHR 
 products, we must satisfy these changing governmental standards. 
If any of our EHR systems do not meet these 
 standards, yet have been relied upon by health care providers to receive 
federal incentive payments, we may be 
 exposed to risk, such as under federal health care fraud and abuse laws, 
including the False Claims Act. 

 Moreover, in order to satisfy our customers, and comply with evolving legal requirements, our products 
may need 
 to incorporate increasingly complex functionality, such as with respect to reporting and information blocking. 

 Although we believe we are positioned to accomplish this, the effort may involve 
increased costs, and our failure to 
 implement product modifications, or otherwise satisfy applicable standards, 
could have a material adverse effect on 
 our business. 
 Other health information standards, such as regulations under HIPAA, establish standards regarding electronic 
 health data transmissions and transaction code set rules for specific electronic 
transactions, such as transactions 
 involving claims submissions to third party payers. 
Failure to abide by these and other electronic health data 
 transmission standards could expose us to breach of contract claims, 
substantial fines, penalties, and other liabilities 
 and expenses, costs for remediation and harm to our reputation. 
 Additionally, as electronic medical devices are increasingly connected to each other and to other technology, the 
 ability of these connected systems to safely and effectively exchange and use exchanged 
information becomes 
 increasingly important. 
As a medical device manufacturer, we must manage risks including those associated with 
 an electronic interface that is incorporated into a medical device. 
 There may be additional legislative or regulatory initiatives in the future impacting 
health care. 
 E-Commerce 
 Electronic commerce solutions have become an integral part of traditional health 
care supply and distribution 
 relationships. 
Our distribution business is characterized by rapid technological 
developments and intense 
 competition. 
The continuing advancement of online commerce requires 
us to cost-effectively adapt to changing 
 technologies, to enhance existing services and to develop and introduce a 
variety of new services to address the 
 changing demands of consumers and our customers on a timely basis, particularly 
in response to competitive 
 offerings. 

 Through our proprietary, technologically-based suite of products, we offer customers a variety of competitive 
 alternatives. 
We believe that our tradition of reliable service, our name recognition and large customer base built 
 on solid customer relationships, position us well to participate in 
this significant aspect of the distribution business. 

 We 
 continue to explore ways and means to improve and expand our online 
presence and capabilities, including our 
 online commerce offerings and our use of various social media outlets. 
 International Transactions 
 United States and foreign import and export laws and regulations require us to 
abide by certain standards relating to 
 the importation and exportation of products. 
We also are subject to certain laws and regulations concerning the 
 conduct of our foreign operations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices 
Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, German 
 anti-corruption laws and other anti-bribery laws and laws pertaining 
to the accuracy of our internal books and 
 records, as well as other types of foreign requirements similar to those 
imposed in the United States. 
 While we believe that we are substantially compliant with the foregoing laws 
and regulations promulgated 
 thereunder and possess all material permits and licenses required for the conduct 
of our business, there can be no 
 assurance that laws and regulations that impact our business or laws and 
regulations as they apply to our customers 
 practices will not have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Table of Contents 
 19 
 See 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 . 
 for a discussion of additional burdens, risks and regulatory developments 
that may 
 affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Proprietary Rights
 We hold trademarks relating to the Henry Schein
 
 name and logo, as well as certain other trademarks. 
We intend 
 to protect our trademarks to the fullest extent practicable. 

 Employees and Human Capital 
 Environment, Social and Governance 
 Henry Schein has remained steadfastly committed over our nine-decade history 
to the core philosophy that our 
 purpose-driven mission of "doing good" for our stakeholders is inextricably 
linked to our Company "doing well" in 
 business through our stakeholder engagement model our Mosaic of Success . 
We balance the needs of our five 
 key stakeholders Team Schein Members (TSMs), our Customers, our Suppliers, our Stockholders, and Society 
 to continue to drive our sustainability and ESG efforts to foster a healthier planet and healthier 
people. 
Overseen 
 by the Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board of Directors with the 
Compensation Committee also 
 playing a role in ESG matters related to human capital engagement and executive 
compensation, key 2022 
 sustainability and ESG highlights included: 
 
 With the backdrop of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the humanitarian crises in Ukraine and other 
 regions, we continued our efforts to drive an overall culture of wellness and engagement 
for our TSMs as 
 we navigated a new hybrid work environment and ensure supply chain resiliency 
to support our customers 
 and our communities. 
Henry Schein was named Chair of the Private Sector Roundtable 
on Global Health 
 Security, and continued its work across sectors to support the creation of market intelligence platforms that 
 enable the appropriate sharing of real-time supply chain data, including through 
the WHO's Pandemic 
 Supply Chain Network and various national efforts, including the U.S. Supply Chain 
Control Tower. 
 
 (i) Publishing our annual Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability 
Report according to the Global 
 Reporting Initiative and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board reporting 
standards and issuing our 
 first Taskforce for Climate-related Financial Disclosures report; (ii) committing to announcing our carbon 
 reduction goal by the end of 2023; (iii) continued initiatives and programs 
to advance health equity efforts 
 to promote access to care for underserved and underrepresented communities, 
investing in diversity for 
 greater health equity in partnership with health care professionals, and 
increasing awareness of health 
 equity needs globally; (iv) announced the top line findings of our pay equity 
analysis across the U.S., which 
 reviews compensation across gender and ethnic groups; (v) expanding our 
Diversity and Inclusion D I 
 learning journey, such as by educating global directors and vice presidents on more advanced topics of D I 
 including privilege and equity, as well as offering education to all global TSMs below director level on the 
 importance of D and (vi) continuing to drive a culture of wellness for our 
TSMs by fostering an 
 environment where they can feel engaged, included and psychologically 
safe. 
 At Henry Schein, our employees are our greatest asset. 
We employ more than 22,000 people, approximately 50 
 of our workforce is based in the United States and approximately 50 
is based outside of the United States.

Approximately 12 of our employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. 
We believe that our 
 relations with our employees are excellent. 
 We refer to our employees as Team 
Schein Members, or TSMs. Our TSMs are the cornerstone 
of the Company. 

 We have a strong values-based culture that cultivates a meaningful employee experience that is centered around 
 people. 
We know our business success is built on the engagement and commitment of our team, which is dedicated 
 to meeting the needs of their fellow TSMs, our customers, supplier partners, 
stockholders and society. 
As part of 
 this commitment, our highlights in 2022 included: 

Table of Contents 
 20 
 
 Nurturing a connected community for a happier, more engaged, collaborative work environment. 

 We 
 continue to adapt to the new way of working for our TSMs by listening 
to their needs. 
With TSMs working 
 remotely, hybrid and in-person, our goal is to continue to create a collaborative community where every 
 TSM feels connected to our culture. 
Through various virtual and in-person programming from our 
 Employee Resource Groups, Wellness Committee and Team Schein Engagement team, we continue to 
 bring TSMs together in a meaningful way through virtual education sessions 
and networking events. 
To 
 help create a sense of connection and belonging amongst the team, we 
launched TSM Experience Panels, 
 which feature TSMs who share their authentic experiences and offer advice and 
best practices on specific 
 topics. We offer a variety of opportunities to volunteer for team-building and engaging in their local 
 communities in which they live and work such as through the We Care Global Challenge, Back to School, 
 and Holiday Cheer. In addition, they can help health happen by participating in key programs and 
 initiatives (e.g., Gives Kids A Smile, Healthy Lifestyles, Healthy Communities 
and Release the Pressure) 
 that partner with industry associations, customers, and suppliers to support 
access to quality health care for 
 underserved and underrepresented communities. 
We continue to evaluate the engagement of our team 
 through various listening mechanisms including roundtables, hosted 
by our CEO and Executive 
 Management Committee EMC ), and various surveys, including The 
Pulse, our global culture survey that 
 evaluates TSM engagement globally with results reviewed by senior leaders, 
reported to the Board of 
 Directors BOD ). 
Throughout 2022, we held 10 solutions-focused roundtables 
hosted by our EMC 
 members with over 100 TSMs to dive in deeper and influence our 
strategy on programs and processes 
 designed to further enhance our culture. 

Driving a culture of wellness for our team members and society. 

 In 2020, we launched a Mental Wellness 
 Committee with a mission to drive a culture of wellness and empower 
every TSM to be their best self, 
 mentally, emotionally and physically. 
The Committee provides resources, guidance and support, 
and 
 works across our businesses to establish enhanced workplace norms to 
help improve and safeguard our 
 TSMs wellness. 
We actively engage leadership, including our CEO, EMC, BOD and TSMs alike in 
 conversations around the importance of wellness in the workplace. 
In 2022, we rolled-out an EMC video 
 series that focused on being more intentional in the way we work across 
our business. 
These new 
 workplace norms focused on meeting and technology etiquette, successful 
calendaring, establishing and 
 communicating reasonable expectations and prioritization, the importance 
of taking and respecting time 
 off, and the importance of making time for social connection. In addition to expanding 
education on key 
 mental health topics in partnership with our employee assistance vendor, we also rolled-out manager-
 specific education to provide tips on how to identify signs of burnout 
and have conversations around 
 wellness with their teams. 
With the rise of suicide rates around the world, the Wellness Committee held 
 seminars for the team on suicide prevention and hosted in-person community walks 
that resulted in 
 donations to local suicide prevention organizations globally. 

Being committed to enhancing our D I initiatives.
 
We believe a diverse workforce fosters innovation and 
 cultivates an environment filled with unique perspectives. 
As a result, D I helps us meet the needs of 
 customers around the world and provide our TSMs an inclusive environment 
where they feel they belong. 

 We measure our success in D I through, among other things, our global culture survey, where results in 
 2021 showed D I is our top strength out of 14 focus areas. To guide our efforts and education related to 
 D I, our Diversity and Inclusion Council, with engagement from our 
BOD and EMC, drives the 
 Company s overall D I strategy. 
To deepen our commitment to D I across the Company, Global 
 Directors and Vice Presidents each have a goal tied to their compensation to champion D I and attend 
 education. 
We continue to expand our D I learning journey, educating global Directors and Vice 
 Presidents on key D I topics including leading inclusively, bias and equity. 
We also continue to educate 
 our global TSMs on the importance of D I. Additionally, we promote engagement by utilizing our 
 Employee Resource Groups ERGs ), which we continue to expand, 
as an inclusive and diverse vehicle 
 for all TSMs to share, connect, learn and develop both personally 
and professionally. 
Each of our ERGs 
 has a sponsor from our Executive Management Committee and our BOD 
and our CEO engages directly in 
 many of our ERG programs. 
While inclusion continues to remain a top priority, we also understand the 
 importance of ensuring our internal team reflects the diversity of our customers 
and society. 
In addition to 
 our current gender parity by 2030 goal, we announced a new goal in 2022 with 
an enhanced focus on 

Table of Contents 
 21 
 increasing the diversity of all underrepresented groups in senior leadership 
levels through our talent 
 planning, compensation and recruitment processes, in alignment with 
our corporate strategic planning 
 objectives to achieve concrete results. 
We continue to disclose additional diversity data, with frequent 
 reporting to the EMC and BOD. 
In 2022, we published our United States Equal Employment Opportunity 
 Commission EEOC EEO-1 data for the U.S. for the first time. 
We continue to enhance our recruiting 
 strategy by developing and investing in strategic hires who complement 
our D I mission. 
We believe that 
 these efforts will serve as a critical steppingstone as we continue to strengthen our 
D I initiatives in an 
 effort to meet the evolving needs of our customers, supplier partners, TSMs, stockholders 
and society. 

Understanding that growth, recognition and purpose are key pillars to TSM fulfillment.
 
Personal and 
 professional development of our TSMs is important to us. 
As such, we invest in our employees by 
 providing both formal and informal learning opportunities that are 
focused on growing and enhancing 
 knowledge, skills and abilities. 
TSMs globally are offered a broad suite of professional development 
 training programs targeted to specific learning opportunities based on their current 
and potential future role 
 within the Company. 
We also offer over 50 organizational and development training courses designed to 
 aid in the overall development and advancement of skills and competencies 
to enable organizational 
 success. 
Executive education, mentorship and coaching programs also 
form an important part of our 
 development and career support initiatives. 
Additionally, we continued to see an increase in participation 
 in our Organizational Development initiatives in 2022 with our TSMs reporting 
a high utilization of skills 
 learned. 
Talent planning efforts are also an integral part of our commitment to ensure a strong diverse 
 leadership pipeline across the organization. 
Through a formal global process, we strategically identify and 
 develop talent through targeted development opportunities and intentional succession 
plans. 
We 
 continuously identify potential management successors as part 
of our succession planning process. 

 Information derived from talent planning efforts informs curriculum design and 
content to help focus on the 
 right capabilities and help ensure alignment of career development 
efforts with the future needs of the 
 organization. 
Our BOD is provided with periodic updates regarding our 
talent and succession planning 
 efforts and participates in professional development activities with our TSMs. 
We know recognition and 
 purpose are also key pillars to TSM engagement, so we continue to find 
ways to recognize our TSMs 
 through our annual performance review process, and various recognition 
opportunities including our Teddy 
 Philson Team Schein Award, 
which highlights TSMs who exemplify our Team Schein Values. 
In addition, 
 we continue to focus on ensuring every TSM understands the importance 
in the role they play within the 
 organization, how they contribute to a larger purpose of creating a healthier world, as well as 
continue to 
 provide opportunities for TSMs to engage in meaningful ways 
that connect back to their own personal 
 purpose, such as helping the community through CSR activities. 
 Available Information 
 We make available free of charge through our Internet website, www.henryschein.com, our annual report on Form 
 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, statements 
of beneficial ownership of 
 securities on Forms 3, 4 and 5 and amendments to these reports and statements 
filed or furnished pursuant to 
 Section 13(a) and Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
as soon as reasonably practicable after such 
 materials are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the United States Securities 
and Exchange Commission, or 
 SEC. 
Our principal executive offices are located at 135 Duryea Road, Melville, New 
York 
11747, and our 
 telephone number is (631) 843-5500. 
Unless the context specifically requires otherwise, the terms the 
 Company, 
 Henry Schein, we, us and our mean Henry Schein, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation, and its consolidated 
 subsidiaries. 

Table of Contents 
 22 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive 
officers: 
 Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 Stanley M. Bergman 

 73 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 James P. 
Breslawski 

 69 
 Vice Chairman, President, Director 
 David Brous 
 54 
 Chief Executive Officer, Strategic Business Group 
 Brad Connett 
 64 
 Chief Executive Officer, North America Distribution Group 
 Michael S. Ettinger 

 61 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 
 Lorelei McGlynn 

 59 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer 
 Mark E. Mlotek 

 67 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Strategic Officer, Director 
 Ronald N. South 
 61 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 Walter Siegel 

 63 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer 
 Stanley M. Bergman
 
has been our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 1989 and a director 
since 1982. 

 Mr. Bergman held the position of President from 1989 to 2005. 
Mr. Bergman held the position of Executive Vice 
 President from 1985 to 1989 and Vice President of Finance and Administration from 1980 to 1985. 

 James P. Breslawski
 
has been our Vice Chairman since 2018, President since 2005 and a director since 1992. 
Mr. 
 Breslawski was the Chief Executive Officer of our Henry Schein Global Dental 
Group from 2005 to 2018. 
Mr. 
 Breslawski held the position of Executive Vice President and President of U.S. Dental from 1990 to 2005, with 
 primary responsibility for the North American Dental Group. 
Between 1980 and 1990, Mr. Breslawski held 
 various positions with us, including Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Administration and 
 Corporate Controller. 
 David Brous
 
has been our Chief Executive Officer, Strategic Business Group since 2021. 
Mr. Brous joined us in 
 2002 and has held many positions within the organization, including President, Strategic Business 
Units Group and 
 Asia Pacific Brazil Dental, leading and managing the Corporate Business 
Development Group and the 
 International Healthcare Group (managing our International Animal Health business, 
International Medical 
 business and Australia / New Zealand Dental business). 
 Brad Connett
 
has been our Chief Executive Officer, North American Distribution Group since 2021. 
Previously 
 Mr. Connett was the President of our U.S. Medical Group from 2018 to 2021. 
Mr. Connett joined us in 1997 and 
 has held a number of roles of increasing responsibility at the Company. 
Throughout his career, he has received 
 numerous industry honors, including the John F. Sasen Leadership Award from the Health Industry Distributors 
 Association (HIDA), in recognition of his service to the industry, and induction into the Medical Distribution Hall 
 of Fame by Repertoire Magazine. 
 Michael S. Ettinger
 
has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since July 2022. 
Prior to 
 his current position, Mr. Ettinger served as Senior Vice President, Corporate Legal Affairs, Chief of Staff and 
 Secretary from 2015 to July 2022, Senior Vice President, Corporate Legal Affairs and Secretary from 2013 to 
 2015, Corporate Senior Vice President, General Counsel Secretary from 2006 to 2013, Vice President, General 
 Counsel and Secretary from 2000 to 2006, Vice President and Associate General Counsel from 1998 to 2000 
and 
 Associate General Counsel from 1994 to 1998. 
Before joining us, Mr. Ettinger served as a senior associate with 
 Bower Gardner and as a member of the Tax Department at Arthur Andersen. 
 Lorelei McGlynn
 
has been our Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer since 2013. 
Since joining 
 us in 1999, Ms. McGlynn has served as Vice President, Global Human Resources and Financial Operations from 
 2008 to 2013, Chief Financial Officer, International Group and Vice President of Global Financial Operations from 
 2002 to 2008 and Vice President, Finance, North America from 1999 to 2002. 
Prior to joining us, Ms. McGlynn 
 served as Assistant Vice President of Finance at Adecco Corporation. 

Table of Contents 
 23 
 Mark E. Mlotek
 
has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Strategic Officer since 2012. 
Mr. Mlotek was 
 Senior Vice President and subsequently Executive Vice President of the Corporate Business Development Group 
 between 2000 and 2012. 
Prior to that, Mr. Mlotek was Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from 1994 to 
 1999 and became a director in 1995. 
Prior to joining us, Mr. Mlotek was a partner in the law firm of Proskauer 
 Rose LLP, 
counsel to us, specializing in mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations and tax law from 
1989 
 to 1994. 
 Ronald N. South
 
has been our Senior Vice President 
and Chief Financial Officer (and principal financial officer 
 and principal accounting officer) since April 2022. 
Prior to holding his current position, Mr. South was our 
 Corporate Finance and Chief Accounting Officer from 2013 until April 2022. 
Prior to joining us in 2008 as our 
 Vice President, Corporate Finance, Mr. South held leadership roles at Bristol-Myers Squibb, where he served as 
 Vice President, Finance, for the Cardiovascular and Metabolic business lines, as well as Vice President, Controller, 
 for its U.S. Pharmaceutical Division, and Vice President, Corporate General Auditor. 
Prior to Bristol-Myers 
 Squibb, he served as North American Director of Corporate Audit at 
PepsiCo, and held several roles of increasing 
 responsibility with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, where he advised clients located in the United States, Europe, 
 and Latin America. 
Mr. South is a certified public accountant. 
 Walter Siegel
 
has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since 2021. 
Previously, Mr. 
Siegel was 
 our Senior Vice President and General Counsel from 2013 until 2021. 
Prior to joining us, Mr. Siegel was employed 
 with Standard Microsystems Corporation, a publicly traded global semiconductor 
company from 2005 to 2012, 
 holding positions of increasing responsibility, most recently as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and 
 Secretary. 
 Other Executive Management 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding other Executive 
Management: 
 Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 Andrea Albertini 
 52 
 Chief Executive Officer, International Distribution Group 
 Leigh Benowitz 
 55 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Global Digital Transformation Officer 

 Trinh Clark 
 49 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Global Customer Experience Officer 
 James Mullins 
 58 
 Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain 
 Kelly Murphy 
 42 
 Senior Vice President and General Counsel 
 Christopher Pendergast 
 60 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer 
 Michael Racioppi 

 68 
 Senior Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer 
 Ren Willi, Ph.D. 
 55 
 Chief Executive Officer, Global Oral Reconstruction Group 
 Andrea Albertini
 
has been Chief Executive Officer, International Distribution Group since 2023. 
Mr. Albertini 
 joined us in 2013 and has held several positions within the organization including 
President, International 
 Distribution Group, President of our EMEA Dental Distribution Group, 
and Vice-President of International Dental 
 Equipment. 
Prior to joining Henry Schein, Mr. Albertini held leadership positions at Cefla Dental Group and 
 Castellini. 
 Leigh Benowitz
 
has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Global Digital Transformation Officer since August 
 2022. 
Ms. Benowitz joined us in 2017 and has held several key positions 
including Vice President Digital 
 Customer Experience and Global eCommerce Platform Digital Transformation Officer. 
Prior to joining Henry 
 Schein, Ms. Benowitz held various positions with increasing responsibilities 
at Citi. 
 Trinh Clark 
 has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Global Customer Experience Officer since August 
 2022. 
Ms. Clark joined us in 2007 and has served as Vice President, Technology Enablement, North American 
 Distribution Group. 
Prior to joining Henry Schein, Ms. Clark held various positions of 
increasing responsibilities at 
 eSurg.

Table of Contents 
 24 
 James Mullins
 
has been our Senior Vice President of Global Supply Chain since 2018. 
Mr. Mullins joined us in 
 1988 and has held a number of key positions with increasing responsibility, including Global Chief Customer 
 Service Officer. 
 Kelly Murphy
 
has been our Senior Vice President and General Counsel since 2021. 
Since joining us in 2011, Ms. 
 Murphy has held several key positions of increasing responsibility within 
the legal function, most recently serving 
 as Deputy General Counsel. 

 Christopher Pendergast
 
has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer since 2018. 
Prior to 
 joining us, Mr. Pendergast was the employed by VSP Global from 2008 to 2018, most recently as the Chief 
 Technology Officer and Chief Information Officer. 
Prior to VSP Global, Mr. Pendergast served in roles of 
 increasing responsibility at Natural Organics, Inc., from 2006 to 2008, IdeaSphere Inc./Twinlab Corporation from 
 2000 to 2006, IBM Corporation from 1987 to 1994 and 1998 to 2000 
and Rohm and Haas from 1994 to 1998. 
 Michael Racioppi
 
has been our Senior Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer since 2008. 
Prior to holding 
 his current position, Mr. Racioppi was President of the Medical Division from 2000 to 2008 and Interim President 
 from 1999 to 2000, and Corporate Vice President from 1994 to 2008, with primary responsibility for the Medical 
 Group, Marketing and Merchandising departments. 
Mr. Racioppi served as Senior Director, Corporate 
 Merchandising from 1992 to 1994. 
Before joining us in 1992, Mr. Racioppi was employed by Ketchum 
 Distributors, Inc. as the Vice President of Purchasing and Marketing. 
He currently serves on the board of National 
 Distribution and Contracting and previously served on the board of Health 
Distribution Management Association 
 and Health Industry Distributors Association (HIDA). 
 Ren Willi, Ph.D.
 
has been our Chief Executive Officer, Global Oral Reconstruction Group since 2021. 

 Previously, Dr. 
Willi was the President of our Global Dental Surgical Group. 
Prior to joining Henry Schein, Dr. 
 Willi held senior level roles with Institut Straumann AG as Executive Vice President, Surgical Business Unit from 
 2005 to 2013. 
Prior to Straumann, he held roles of increasing responsibility 
in Medtronic Plc s cardiovascular 
 division from 2003 to 2005 and with McKinsey Company as 
a management consultant from 2000 to 2003. 

Table of Contents 
 25 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business operations could be affected by factors that are not presently known 
to us or that we currently 
 consider not to be material to our operations, so you should not consider 
the risks disclosed in this section to 
 necessarily represent a complete statement of all risks and uncertainties. 
The Company believes that the following 
 risks could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial 
results, financial condition and/or 
 the trading price of our common stock. 
The order in which these factors appear does not necessarily reflect 
their 
 relative importance or priority. 

 COMPANY RISKS 
 Our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and 
liquidity may be negatively impacted by 
 the effects of disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, or similar wide-spread public health 
concerns and other 
 natural disasters
 . 

 The COVID-19 pandemic and the responses of governments 
to it had, and may again have, a 
 material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows and may result 
in a material 
 adverse effect on our financial condition and liquidity. 
 Our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and 
liquidity may be negatively impacted by the 

 effects of disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, similar wide-spread public health concerns 
and other natural 
 disasters. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, an 
unprecedented impact on society, worldwide 
 economic activity, and the health care sector (particularly, the dental market). As a global healthcare solutions 
 company, the COVID-19 pandemic and the governmental responses to it had, and may again have, a material 
 adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows and may result 
in a material adverse effect on 
 our financial condition and liquidity. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has begun to subside, we may again 
 experience material adverse impacts to our business, results of operations 
and cash flows as a result of, among other 
 things, its global economic impact, including any recession that 
may occur in the future, or a prolonged period of 
 economic slowdown or the reluctance of patients to return for elective dental 
or medical care. The impacts and 
 potential impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic include, but are not 
limited to: 
 
 Significant volatility in supply, demand and selling prices for personal protective equipment (PPE), COVID-19 
 tests and other COVID-19 related products.
 
Available supply, 
customer demand and selling prices for PPE, 
 COVID-19 tests and other COVID-19 related products 
fluctuated in fiscal 2022 and we expect such volatility to 
 continue for the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic. This has resulted 
in inventory reserves, fluctuating margins 
 and increased revenue related to such products. 
The volatility in sales of COVID-19 test kits has moderated, 
albeit 
 at a significantly lower level of sales compared with 2021, resulting in 
us recording an inventory obsolescence 
 reserve of 17 million for COVID-19 test kits during the year 
ended December 31, 2022 and we expect further 
 declines in sales volumes. 
Our estimates for supply, demand and selling prices are inherently uncertain and if 
 supply, demand, selling prices or other market dynamics significantly fluctuate in the future beyond our current 
 assumptions, additional inventory reserves may be required, margins may be reduced and/or 
revenue may decline 
 for such products, each which could materially adversely impact our business, 
results of operations and cash flows. 
 Additionally, governmental policies designed to reduce the transmission of COVID-19 and variants thereof could 
 once again lead to the closure of dental offices or deferral of elective procedures and 
wellness exams by medical 
 and dental patients. Such previous closures and restrictions impacted our 
customers spending with us and had, and 
 if reinstated may again have, a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations 
and cash flows. 

 Although we believe that most practices currently are able to access 
adequate supply, we still may be unable to 
 supply our customers with the specific brand and/or quantity of certain PPE products, 
COVID-19 tests and other 
 COVID-19 related products they demand, which may lead to our 
customers seeking alternative sources of supply. 

 Healthcare professionals inability to obtain a sufficient quantity and/or brand of certain PPE, COVID-19 
tests and 
 other COVID-19 related products would adversely impact our business, 
results of operations and cash flows, and 
 could materially adversely affect our financial condition and liquidity; 

Table of Contents 
 26 
 
 Reduction in Peoples Ability and Willingness to be in Public.
 
Restrictions recommended by several public health 
 organizations, and implemented, from time to time, by federal, state and local governments, 
to slow and limit the 
 transmission of COVID-19 and variants thereof has caused and may in 
the future cause some people to be less 
 willing to go to elective medical and dental appointments, which could 
again materially adversely affect demand 
 for our products. 
A lengthened period of materially suppressed demand could again cause 
material adverse impacts 
 on our business, results of operations and cash flows and could materially 
adversely affect our financial condition 
 and liquidity; 
 
 Negative impact on our workforce and impact of adapted business practices.
 
The spread of COVID-19 and 
 variants thereof caused us to modify our business practices (including 
employee travel, employee work locations, 
 and physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and 
we may take further actions as may be required 
 by government authorities or our customers or that we determine are in the 
best interests of our employees. As the 
 COVID-19 pandemic continues to unfold, we continue to evaluate 
appropriate actions for our business. At the onset 
 of the COVID-19 pandemic, many of our office-based workers shifted abruptly to 
working remotely. As the 
 COVID-19 pandemic has evolved, we have modified our work 
arrangements to implement more flexible working 
 arrangements for our office-based workers, including permanent work from home, 
hybrid and office-based 
 arrangements. Implementing these modified business practices 
to include remote work arrangements could have a 
 negative impact on employee morale, strain our business continuity plans, 
introduce operational risk (including but 
 not limited to cybersecurity risks), and impair our ability 
to efficiently operate our business; 
 
 Significant changes in political conditions.
 
Significant changes in political conditions in markets in which 
we 
 purchase and distribute our products have occurred and are expected to 
continue at least during the pendency of the 
 pandemic, including quarantines, governmental or regulatory actions, closures 
or other restrictions that limit or 
 close our operating facilities, restrict our employees ability to 
travel or perform necessary business functions, or 
 otherwise constrain the operations of our business partners, suppliers or 
customers, which may materially adversely 
 affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition 
and liquidity; 
 
 Volatility 
in the financial markets.
 
Volatility 
in the financial markets may materially adversely affect the 
 availability and cost of credit to us; 
 The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may also exacerbate other risks discussed 
below, any of which could have 
 a material adverse effect on us. 
 We are dependent upon third parties for the manufacture and supply of a significant volume of our products. 
 We obtain a significant volume of the products we distribute from third parties, with whom we generally do not 
 have long-term contracts. 
While there is typically more than one source of supply, some key suppliers, in the 
 aggregate, supply a significant portion of the products we sell. 
In 2022, our top 10 health care distribution suppliers 
 and our single largest supplier accounted for approximately 28 and 4 , respectively, of our aggregate purchases. 

 Because of our dependence upon such suppliers, our operations are 
subject to the suppliers ability and willingness 
 to supply products in the quantities that we require, and the risks include delays 
caused by interruption in 
 production based on conditions outside of our control, including 
a supplier s failure to comply with applicable 
 government requirements (which may result in product recalls and/or 
cessation of sales) or an interruption in the 
 suppliers manufacturing capabilities. 
In the event of any such interruption in supply, we would need to identify 
 and obtain acceptable replacement sources on a timely basis. 
There is no guarantee that we would be able to obtain 
 such alternative sources of supply on a timely basis, if at all, and an extended 
interruption in supply, particularly of 
 a high sales volume product, could result in a significant disruption 
in our sales and operations, as well as damage 
 to our relationships with customers and our reputation. 
In addition, certain of our suppliers have had their ability to 
 service certain markets restricted or negatively impacted because 
of allegations of forced labor in their supply 
 chain. 
Forced labor legislation affecting the supply chain has increased around the 
world, and the United States 
 recently passed the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act. 
Our supply chain could be materially disrupted if our 
 suppliers fail to comply with, or are unable to satisfy our demand 
for products, as a result of applicable forced labor 
 legislation and regulations. 

Table of Contents 
 27 
 Our 
future 
growth 
(especially 
for 
our 
technology 
and 
value-added 
services 
segment) 
is 
dependent 
upon 
our 
 ability 
to 
develop 
or 
acquire 
and 
maintain 
and 
protect 
new 
products 
and 
technologies 
that 
achieve 
market 
 acceptance with acceptable margins. 
 Our future success depends on our ability to timely develop (or obtain the right 
to sell) competitive and innovative 
 (particularly for our technology and value-added services segment) 
products and services and to market them 
 quickly and cost-effectively. 
Our ability to anticipate customer needs and emerging trends and develop or acquire 
 new products, services and technologies at competitive prices requires significant 
resources, including employees 
 with the requisite skills, experience and expertise, particularly in our technology 
segment, including dental practice 
 management, patient engagement and demand creation software solutions. 
The failure to successfully address these 
 challenges could materially disrupt our sales and operations. 
Additionally, our software and e-services products, 
 like software products generally, may contain undetected errors or bugs when introduced or as new versions are 
 released. 
Any such defective software may result in increased expenses related 
to the software and could adversely 
 affect our relationships with customers as well as our reputation. 
With respect to certain software and e-services 
 that we develop, we rely primarily upon copyright, trademark and 
trade secret laws, as well as contractual and 
 common law protections and confidentiality obligations. 
We cannot provide assurance that such legal protections 
 will be available, adequate or enforceable in a timely manner to protect 
our software or e-services products. 
 Risks inherent in acquisitions, 
dispositions and joint ventures could offset the anticipated benefits.
 One of our business strategies has been to expand our domestic and 
international markets in part through 
 acquisitions and joint ventures and we expect to continue to make acquisitions 
and enter into joint ventures in the 
 future. Such transactions require significant management attention, 
may place significant demands on our 
 operations, information systems, legal, regulatory, compliance-functions and financial resources, and there is risk 
 that one or more may not succeed. We cannot be sure, for example, that we will achieve the benefits of revenue 
 growth that we expect from these acquisitions or joint ventures or 
that we will avoid unforeseen additional costs, 
 taxes or expenses. Our ability to successfully implement our acquisition 
and joint venture strategy depends upon, 
 among other things, the following: 
 
 the availability of suitable acquisition or joint venture candidates at 
acceptable prices; 
 
 our ability to consummate such transactions, which could potentially 
be prohibited due to U.S. or 
 foreign antitrust regulations; 
 
 the liquidity of our investments and the availability of financing on 
acceptable terms; 
 
 our ability to retain customers or product lines of the acquired businesses or 
joint ventures; 
 
 our ability to retain, recruit and incentivize the management of the 
companies we acquire; and 
 
 our ability to successfully integrate these companies operations, services, 
products and personnel with 
 our culture, management policies, legal, regulatory and compliance policies, 
cybersecurity systems and 
 policies, internal procedures, working capital management, financial 
and operational controls and 
 strategies. 
 Furthermore, some of our acquisitions and future acquisitions may give rise to 
an obligation to make contingent 
 payments or to satisfy certain repurchase obligations, which payments 
could have material adverse impacts on our 
 financial results individually or in the aggregate. 
 Additionally, when we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or 
 executing alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay 
the accomplishment 
 of our strategic objectives. Alternatively, we may dispose of assets or a business at a price or on terms that are 
less 
 than we had anticipated. 
Dispositions may also involve continued financial involvement 
in a divested business, 
 such as through transition service agreements, indemnities or other current 
or contingent financial obligations. 
 Under these arrangements, performance by the acquired or divested 
business, or other conditions outside our 
 control, could affect our future financial results. 
 Certain provisions in our governing documents and other documents to which we 
are a party may discourage 
 third parties from seeking to acquire us that might otherwise result in 
our stockholders receiving a premium 
 over the market price of their shares. 

Table of Contents 
 28 
 The provisions of our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may 
make it more difficult for a third-party to 
 acquire us, may discourage acquisition bids and may impact the price 
that certain investors might be willing to pay 
 in the future for shares of our common stock. 
These provisions, among other things require (i) the affirmative vote 
 of the holders of at least 60 of the shares of common stock entitled to vote 
to approve a merger, consolidation, or 
 a sale, lease, transfer or exchange of all or substantially all of our assets; 
and (ii) the affirmative vote of the holders 
 of at least 66 2/3 of our common stock entitled to vote to (a) remove 
a director; and (b) to amend or repeal our 
 by-laws, with certain limited exceptions. 
In addition, certain of our employee incentive plans provide 
for 
 accelerated vesting of stock options and other awards upon termination without cause 
within two years following a 
 change in control, or grant the plan committee discretion to accelerate 
awards upon a change of control. 
Further, 
 certain agreements between us and our executive officers provide for increased severance 
payments and certain 
 benefits if those executive officers are terminated without cause by us or if they terminate 
for good reason, in each 
 case within two years following a change in control or within ninety days prior 
to the effective date of the change in 
 control or after the first public announcement of the pendency of the change 
in control. 
 Adverse changes in supplier rebates or other purchasing incentives 
could negatively affect our business. 
 The terms 
on which 
we purchase 
or sell 
products from 
many suppliers 
may entitle 
us to 
receive a 
rebate or 
other 
 purchasing incentive based on 
the attainment of 
certain growth goals. Suppliers may 
reduce or eliminate rebates 
or 
 incentives 
offered 
under 
their 
programs, 
or 
increase 
the 
growth 
goals 
or 
other 
conditions 
we 
must 
meet 
to 
earn 
 rebates 
or 
incentives 
to 
levels 
that 
we 
cannot 
achieve. 
Increased 
competition 
either 
from 
generic 
or 
equivalent 
 branded products 
could result 
in us 
failing to 
earn rebates 
or incentives 
that are 
conditioned upon 
achievement of 
 growth goals. Additionally, 
factors outside of 
our control, such 
as customer preferences, 
consolidation of suppliers 
 or supply issues, can have a material impact on 
our ability to achieve the growth goals established 
by our suppliers, 
 which may reduce the amount of rebates or incentives we receive. The occurrence of any of these events 
could have 
 an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or operating 
results. 
 Sales of corporate brand products entail additional risks, including the risk that such sales could 
adversely affect 
 our relationships with suppliers. 
 We 
offer certain corporate brand products that are available exclusively from us. The sale 
of such products subjects 
 us to the risks generally encountered by entities that source, market and sell corporate brand products, including but 
 not 
limited to 
potential product 
liability risks, 
mandatory or 
voluntary product 
recalls, potential 
supply chain 
and 
 distribution 
chain 
disruptions, 
and 
potential 
intellectual 
property 
infringement 
risks. 
Any 
failure 
to 
adequately 
 address 
some 
or 
all 
of 
these 
risks 
could 
have 
an 
adverse 
effect 
on 
our 
business, financial 
condition 
or 
operating 
 results. 
 In 
addition, 
an 
increase 
in 
the 
sales 
of 
our 
corporate 
brand 
products may 
negatively 
affect 
our 
sales 
of 
products 
 owned 
by 
our 
suppliers 
which, 
consequently, 
could 
adversely 
impact 
certain 
of 
our 
supplier 
relationships. 
Our 
 ability 
to 
locate 
qualified, 
economically 
stable 
suppliers 
who 
satisfy 
our 
requirements, 
and 
to 
acquire 
sufficient 
 products in 
a timely 
and effective 
manner, 
is critical 
to ensuring, 
among other 
things, that 
customer confidence 
is 
 not diminished. 
Any failure 
to develop 
sourcing relationships 
with a 
broad and 
deep supplier 
base could 
have an 
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

 INDUSTRY RISKS 
 The health care products distribution industry is highly competitive 
(including, without limitation, competition 
 from third-party online commerce sites) and consolidating, and we may not 
be able to compete successfully. 

 We compete with numerous companies, including several major manufacturers and distributors. 
Some of our 
 competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do, which 
could allow them to compete more 
 successfully. 
Most of our products are available from several sources and our customers 
tend to have relationships 
 with several distributors. 
Competitors could obtain exclusive rights to market particular 
products, which we would 
 then be unable to market. Manufacturers also could increase their 
efforts to sell directly to end-users and thereby 
 eliminate or reduce our role in distribution. 
Industry consolidation among health care product distributors and 
 manufacturers, price competition, product unavailability, whether due to our inability to gain access to products or 

Table of Contents 
 29 
 to interruptions in manufacturing supply, or the emergence of new competitors, also could increase competition. 

 Consolidation has also increased among manufacturers of health care 
products, which could have a material 
 adverse effect on our margins and product availability. 
We could be subject to charges and financial losses in the 
 event we fail to satisfy minimum purchase commitments contained 
in some of our contracts. Additionally, 
 traditional health care supply and distribution relationships are being challenged 
by electronic online commerce 
 solutions. 
The continued advancement of online commerce by third 
parties will require us to cost-effectively adapt 
 to changing technologies, to enhance existing services and to differentiate our business 
(including with additional 
 value-added services) to address changing demands of consumers and 
our customers on a timely basis. 
The 
 emergence of such potential competition and our inability to anticipate and 
effectively respond to changes on a 
 timely basis could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

 The repeal or judicial prohibition on implementation of the Affordable Care Act 
could materially adversely 
 affect our business. 
 The ACA greatly expanded health insurance coverage in the United States 
and has been the target of litigation and 
 Congressional reform efforts since its adoption. 
The U.S. Supreme Court, in upholding the constitutionality of the 
 ACA and its individual mandate provision in 2012, simultaneously 
limited ACA provisions requiring Medicaid 
 expansion, making such expansion a state-by-state decision. 
In 2017, the U.S. Congress effectively repealed the 
 ACA s 
individual mandate provision by eliminating the financial penalty for non-compliance. 
In the most recent 
 ACA litigation, a federal appeals court found the individual mandate to be unconstitutional, 
and returned the case to 
 a lower federal court for consideration of whether the remainder of the ACA 
could survive the excision of the 
 individual mandate. 
This decision was appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court, and the Supreme 
Court issued a 
 decision on June 17, 2021. 
Without reaching the merits of the case, the Supreme Court held that the plaintiffs in 
 the case did not have standing to challenge the ACA. 
Any outcome of future cases that change the ACA, in 
 addition to future legislation, regulation, guidance and/or Executive Orders 
that do the same, could have a 
 significant impact on the U.S. healthcare industry. 
For instance, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 enhanced 
 premium tax credits, which has resulted in an expansion of the number of people 
covered under the ACA. 
These 
 changes are time-limited, with some enhancements in place for 2021 
only and others available through the end of 
 2022. 
 The health care industry is experiencing changes due to political, economic and 
regulatory influences that could 
 materially adversely affect our business. 
 The health care industry is highly regulated and subject to changing 
political, economic and regulatory influences. 

 In recent years, the health care industry has undergone, and is in the process of undergoing, 
significant changes 
 driven by various efforts to reduce costs, including, among other factors: trends 
toward managed care; collective 
 purchasing arrangements and consolidation among office-based health care practitioners; 
and changes in 
 reimbursements to customers, including increased attention to value-based payment 
arrangements, as well as 
 growing enforcement activities (and related monetary recoveries) by governmental 
officials. 
Both our profitability 
 and the profitability of our customers may be materially adversely affected by laws 
and regulations reducing 
 reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and devices, 
and/or medical treatments or services, or 
 changes to the methodology by which reimbursement levels are determined. 
If we are unable to react effectively to 
 these and other changes in the health care industry, our business could be materially adversely affected. 

 Expansion of group purchasing organizations GPO ), dental support organizations DSO or provider 
 networks and the multi-tiered costing structure may place us at a competitive 
disadvantage. 
 The health care products industry is subject to a multi-tiered costing structure, which 
can vary by manufacturer 
 and/or product. 
Under this structure, certain institutions can obtain more favorable 
prices for health care products 
 than we are able to obtain. 
The multi-tiered costing structure continues to expand as many large integrated health 
 care providers and others with significant purchasing power, such as GPOs and DSOs, demand more favorable 
 pricing terms. 
Additionally, the formation of provider networks, GPOs and DSOs may shift purchasing decisions 
 to entities or persons with whom we do not have a historical relationship 
and may threaten our ability to compete 
 effectively, which could in turn negatively impact our financial results. 
Although we are seeking to obtain similar 
 terms from manufacturers to access lower prices demanded by GPO and 
DSO contracts or other contracts, and to 

Table of Contents 
 30 
 develop relationships with existing and emerging provider networks, GPOs and DSOs, 
we cannot guarantee that 
 such terms will be obtained or contracts executed. 

 Increases in shipping costs or service issues with our third-party shippers 
could harm our business. 
 Our ability to meet our customers expedited delivery expectations is an 
integral component of our business 
 strategy for which our customers rely. 
Shipping is a significant expense in the operation of our business. 
We ship 
 almost all of our orders through third-party delivery services, and typically bear 
the cost of shipment. 
Accordingly, 
 any significant increase in shipping rates could have a material adverse 
effect on our business, financial condition 
 or operating results. 
While we have recently experienced increases in the cost of shipping, 
we do not expect these 
 additional expenses to be material to our results. 
However, it is possible that such costs could be material in the 
 future. 
Similarly, strikes or other service interruptions by those shippers, including at transportation centers or 
 shipping ports, could cause our operating expenses to rise and materially 
adversely affect our ability to deliver 
 products on a timely basis. 
 MACRO ECONOMIC AND POLITICAL RISKS 
 Uncertain global and domestic macro-economic and political conditions 
could materially adversely affect our 
 results of operations and financial condition. 
 Uncertain global and domestic macro-economic and political conditions 
that affect the economy and the economic 
 outlook of the United States, Europe, Asia and other parts of the 
world could materially adversely affect our results 
 of operations and financial condition. 
These uncertainties, include, among other things: 
 
 election results; 
 
 changes to laws and policies governing foreign trade (including, without 
limitation, the United States-
 Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement of December 
 2020 (that went into effect in 2021) and other international trade agreements); 
 
 greater restrictions on imports and exports; 
 
 supply chain disruptions; 
 
 changes in laws and policies governing health care or data privacy; 
 
 tariffs and sanctions; 
 
 changes to the relationship between the United States and China; 
 
 sovereign debt levels; 
 
 the inability of political institutions to effectively resolve actual or perceived 
economic, currency or 
 budgetary crises or issues; 
 
 consumer confidence; 
 
 unemployment levels (and a corresponding increase in the uninsured 
and underinsured population); 
 
 changes in regulatory and tax regulations; 
 
 interest rate fluctuations, 
and strengthening of the dollar, which have and will continue to impact our 
 results of operations; 
 
 availability of capital; 
 
 increases in fuel and energy costs; 
 
 the effect of inflation on our ability to procure products and our ability to increase 
prices over time and 
 pass through to our customers price increases we may receive; 
 
 changes in tax rates and the availability of certain tax deductions; 
 
 increases in labor costs; 
 
 increases in health care costs; 
 
 our aspirations, goals and disclosures related to environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) matters; 
 
 the threat or outbreak of war, terrorism or public unrest (including, without limitation, the war in 
 Ukraine and the possibility of a wider European or global conflict); 
and 

changes in laws and policies governing manufacturing, development and 
investment in territories and 
 countries where we do business. 

Table of Contents 
 31 
 Additionally, changes in government, government debt and/or budget crises may lead to reductions in government 
 spending in certain countries, which could reduce overall health care spending, 
and/or higher income or corporate 
 taxes, which could depress spending overall. 
Recessionary or inflationary conditions and depressed levels of 
 consumer and commercial spending may also cause customers to 
reduce, modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase 
 our products and may cause suppliers to reduce their output or change 
their terms of sale. We have experienced 
 inflationary pressures, including higher freight costs and interest expense. 
Although inflation impacts both our 
 revenues and costs, the depth and breadth of our product portfolio often 
allows us to offer lower-cost national brand 
 solutions or corporate brand alternatives to our more price-sensitive 
customers who are unable to absorb price 
 increases, thus positioning us to protect our gross profit. 
The strengthening of the dollar, likewise, has impacted 
 our revenues and costs, but neither inflation nor exchange rates have materially 
impacted our results of operations 
 in fiscal year 2022. 
We generally sell products to customers with payment terms. 
If customers cash flow or 
 operating and financial performance deteriorate, or if they are unable to make scheduled 
payments or obtain credit, 
 they may not be able to, or may delay, payment to us. 
Likewise, for similar reasons suppliers may restrict credit or 
 impose different payment terms. 
 REGULATORY 
AND LITIGATION RISKS 
 Failure to comply with existing and future regulatory requirements 
could materially adversely affect our 
 business. 
 We strive to be compliant with the applicable laws, regulations and guidance described below in all material 
 respects, and believe we have effective compliance programs and other controls 
in place to ensure substantial 
 compliance. 
However, compliance is not guaranteed either now or in the future as certain laws, regulations 
and 
 guidance may be subject to varying and evolving interpretations that could 
affect our ability to comply, as well as, 
 future changes, additions and enforcement approaches, including in light 
of political changes. 
When we discover 
 situations of non-compliance we seek to remedy them and bring 
the affected area back into compliance. 
The Biden 
 Administration has indicated that it will be more aggressive in its pursuing 
alleged violations of law, and it has 
 revoked certain guidance that would have limited governmental use of informal 
agency guidance to pursue such 
 violations, as well as indicating it was more prepared to pursue individuals 
for corporate law violations, including 
 an aggressive approach to anti-corruption activities. 
Changes with respect to the applicable laws, regulations and 
 guidance described below may require us to update or revise our operations, 
services, marketing practices, and 
 compliance programs and controls, and may impose additional and unforeseen 
costs on us, pose new or previously 
 immaterial risks to us, or may otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business. 
There can be no assurance 
 that current and future government regulations will not adversely 
affect our business, and we cannot predict new 
 regulatory priorities, the form, content or timing of regulatory actions, 
and their impact on the health care industry 
 and on our business and operations. 
 Global efforts toward healthcare cost containment continue to exert pressure on 
product pricing. 
In the United 
 States, in addition to other government efforts to control health care costs, there has been increased 
scrutiny on drug 
 pricing and concurrent efforts to control or reduce drug costs by Congress, the President, 
executive branch agencies 
 and various states. 
At the state level, several states have adopted laws that require drug manufacturers 
to provide 
 advance notice of certain price increases and to report information 
relating to those price increases, while others 
 have taken legislative or administrative action to establish prescription drug 
affordability boards or multi-payer 
 purchasing pools to reduce the cost of prescription drugs. 
At the federal level, several related bills have been 
 introduced and regulations proposed which, if enacted or finalized, 
respectively, would impact drug pricing and 
 related costs. 
 Under the Sunshine Act, we are required to collect and report detailed 
information regarding certain financial 
 relationships we have with covered recipients, including physicians, dentists, 
teaching hospitals, and certain other 
 non-physician practitioners. 
We and our subsidiaries may be required to report information under certain state 
 transparency laws that address circumstances not covered by the Sunshine 
Act, and some of these state laws, as 
 well as the federal law, can be unclear. 
We are also subject to foreign regulations requiring transparency of certain 
 interactions between suppliers and their customers. 
While we believe we have substantially compliant programs 
 and controls in place satisfying the above laws and requirements, such 
compliance imposes additional costs on us 
 and the requirements are sometimes unclear. 
In the United States, government actions to seek to increase health-
 related price transparency may also affect our business. 

Table of Contents 
 32 
 Our business is subject to additional requirements under various local, state, 
federal and international laws and 
 regulations applicable to the sale and distribution of, and third-party payment 
for, pharmaceuticals and medical 
 devices and HCT/P products. 
Among the federal laws with which we must comply are the Controlled Substances 
 Act, the FDC Act, the Federal Drug Quality and Security Act, including DSCSA, 
Section 361 of the Public Health 
 Services Act and Section 401 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act 
of the Social Security Act. 
Among other 
 things, such laws, and the regulations promulgated thereunder: 

regulate the introduction, manufacture, advertising, marketing and promotion, 
sampling, pricing and 
 reimbursement, labeling, packaging, storage, handling, returning or 
recalling, reporting, and 
 distribution of, and record keeping for drugs, HCT/P products and 
medical devices, 
including 
 requirements with respect to unique medical device identifiers; 
 
 subject us to inspection by the FDA and DEA and similar state authorities; 
 
 regulate the storage, transportation and disposal of certain of our products 
that are considered 
 hazardous materials; 
 
 require us to advertise and promote our drugs and devices in accordance 
with applicable FDA 
 requirements; 
 
 require us to report average sales price (ASP) for drugs or biologicals payable 
under Medicare Part B to 
 CMS with or without a Medicaid drug rebate agreement; 
 
 require registration with the FDA and the DEA and various state agencies; 
 
 require record keeping and documentation of transactions involving drug 
products; 
 
 require us to design and operate a system to identify and report suspicious 
orders of controlled 
 substances to the DEA and certain states; 
 
 require us to manage returns of products that have been recalled and subject 
us to inspection of our 
 recall procedures and activities; 

impose on us reporting requirements if a pharmaceutical, HCT/P product or 
medical device causes 
 serious illness, injury or death; 
 
 require manufacturers, wholesalers, repackagers and dispensers of prescription 
drugs to identify and 
 trace certain prescription drugs as they are distributed; 

require the licensing of prescription drug wholesalers and third-party 
logistics providers; and 

mandate compliance with standards for the recordkeeping, storage 
and handling of prescription drugs, 
 and associated reporting requirements. 
 The FDA has become increasingly active in addressing the regulation of 
computer software and digital health 
 products intended for use in health care settings. 
The Cures Act, signed into law on December 13, 2016, among 
 other things, amended the medical device definition to exclude certain software 
from FDA regulation, including 
 certain clinical decision support software. 
On September 27, 2019, the FDA issued a suite of guidance documents 
 on digital health products, which incorporated applicable Cures Act standards, 
and on September 28, 2022, the 
 FDA subsequently finalized certain of these guidance documents, including 
regarding the types of clinical decision 
 support tools and other software that are exempt from regulation by the FDA as 
medical devices, and the FDA 
 continues to issue new guidance in this area. 
Certain of our businesses involve the development and 
sale of 
 software and related products to support physician and dental practice management, 
and it is possible that the FDA 
 or foreign government authorities could determine that one or more of our products 
is subject to regulation as a 
 medical device, which could subject us or one or more of our businesses to 
substantial additional requirements, 
 costs and potential enforcement actions or liabilities for noncompliance with 
respect to these products. 
 Applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations also may require 
us to meet various standards 
 relating to, among other things, licensure or registration, program eligibility, procurement, third-party 
 reimbursement, sales and marketing practices, product integrity and 
supply tracking to product manufacturers, 
 product labeling, personnel, privacy and security of health or other personal 
information, installation, maintenance 
 and repair of equipment and the importation and exportation of products. 
The FDA and DEA, as well as CMS 
 (including with respect to complex Medicare reimbursement requirements 
applicable to our specialty home medical 
 supplies business), have recently increased their regulatory and enforcement 
activities and, in particular, the DEA 
 has heightened enforcement activities due to the opioid crisis in the United States. 
One of our businesses was 

Table of Contents 
 33 
 suspended in October 2021 by CMS from receiving payments from 
Medicare, although it was permitted to continue 
 to perform and bill for Medicare services. 
On September 30, 2022, CMS terminated the suspension of Medicare 
 payments. 
As a result of the termination of the suspension, we recognized 4 
million of previously deferred 
 revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
Our business is also subject to requirements of similar and 
 other foreign governmental laws and regulations affecting our operations abroad. 
 The failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations, or new interpretations 
of existing laws and regulations, 
 or the imposition of any additional laws and regulations, could 
materially adversely affect our business. 
The costs 
 to us associated with complying with the various applicable statutes 
and regulations, as they now exist and as they 
 may be modified, could be material. 
Allegations by a governmental body that we have not complied with 
these 
 laws could have a material adverse effect on our businesses. 
While we believe that we are substantially compliant 
 with applicable laws and regulations, and believe we have adequate 
compliance programs and controls in place to 
 ensure substantial compliance, if it is determined that we have not complied 
with these laws, we are potentially 
 subject to warning letters, substantial civil and criminal penalties, 
mandatory recall of product, seizure of product 
 and injunction, consent decrees and suspension or limitation of payments 
to us, product sale and distribution. 
If we 
 enter into settlement agreements to resolve allegations of non-compliance, we 
could be required to make settlement 
 payments or be subject to civil and criminal penalties, including fines 
and the loss of licenses. 
Non-compliance 
 with government requirements could also adversely affect our ability to participate 
in important federal and state 
 government health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, 
and damage our reputation. 
 The EU Medical Device Regulation may adversely affect our business. 

 The EU MDR, applicable since May 26, 2021, significantly modifies and intensifies 
the regulatory compliance 
 requirements for the medical device industry as a whole. 
Among other things, the EU MDR: 
 
 strengthens the rules on placing devices on the market and reinforce surveillance once 
they are 
 available; 
 
 establishes explicit provisions on manufacturers 
responsibilities for the follow-up of the quality, 
 performance and safety of devices placed on the market; 
 
 improves the traceability of medical devices throughout the supply chain to the end-user 
or patient 
 through a unique identification number; 
 
 sets up a central database to provide patients, healthcare professionals and 
the public with 
 comprehensive information on products available in the EU; 

strengthens rules for the assessment of certain high-risk devices, such 
as implants, which may have to 
 undergo an additional check by experts before they are placed on the market; and 
 
 identifies importers and distributors and medical device products through 
registration in a database 
 (EUDAMED not due until 2024 and after as mentioned above). 

 In particular, the EU MDR imposes strict requirements for the confirmation that a product 
meets the regulatory 
 requirements, including regarding a product s clinical evaluation and a company s quality systems, and for the 
 distribution, marketing and sale of medical devices, including post-market surveillance. 
Medical devices that have 
 been assessed and/or certified under the EU Medical Device Directive 
may continue to be placed on the market 
 until 2024 (or until the expiry of their certificates, if applicable and earlier). 
However, on January 6, 2023, the EU 
 Commission submitted a proposed amendment to extend the MDR transitional 
periods until December 31, 2028, 
 for certain medical devices to ensure continued access to medical devices 
for patients and to allow medical devices 
 already placed on the market in accordance with the current legal framework 
to remain on the market. We continue 
 to monitor developments and whether the proposed amendment and 
new deadlines will be approved by the 
 European Parliament and Council. Nevertheless, EU MDR requirements 
regarding the distribution, marketing and 
 sale including quality systems and post-market surveillance have to be observed 
by manufacturers, importers and 
 distributors as of the application date (i.e., May 26, 2021). 
 The modifications created by the EU MDR may have an impact on the 
way we design and manufacture products 
 and the way we conduct our business in the European Economic Area. 

Table of Contents 
 34 
 If we fail to comply with laws and regulations relating to health care 
fraud or other laws and regulations, we 
 could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations, 
which could materially 
 adversely affect our business. 

 Certain of our businesses are subject to federal and state (and similar 
foreign) health care fraud and abuse, referral 
 and reimbursement laws and regulations with 
respect to their operations. 
Some of these laws, referred to as false 
 claims laws, prohibit the submission or causing the submission of false or fraudulent 
claims for reimbursement to 
 federal, state and other health care payers and programs. 
Other laws, referred to as anti-kickback laws, prohibit 
 soliciting, offering, receiving or paying remuneration in order to induce the referral 
of a patient or ordering, 
 purchasing, leasing or arranging for, or recommending ordering, purchasing or leasing of, items or services 
that are 
 paid for by federal, state and other health care payers and programs. 
Certain additional state and federal laws, such 
 as the federal Physician Self-Referral Law, commonly known as the Stark Law, prohibit physicians and other 
 health professionals from referring a patient to an entity with which the 
physician (or family member) has a 
 financial relationship, for the furnishing of certain designated health services 
(for example, durable medical 
 equipment and medical supplies), unless an exception applies. 
Violations of Anti-Kickback statutes or the Stark 
 Law may be enforced as violations of the federal False Claims Act. 
 The fraud and abuse laws and regulations have been subject to heightened 
enforcement activity over the past few 
 years, and significant enforcement activity has been the result of relators who 
serve as whistleblowers by filing 
 complaints in the name of the United States (and if applicable, particular states) 
under applicable false claims laws, 
 and who may receive up to 30 of total government recoveries. 
Penalties under fraud and abuse laws may be 
 severe, including treble damages and substantial civil penalties under 
the federal False Claims Act, as well as 
 potential loss of licenses and the ability to participate in federal and state 
health care programs, criminal penalties, 
 or imposition of a corporate compliance monitor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
Also, 
 these measures may be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or 
judicial authority in a manner that 
 could require us to make changes in our operations or incur substantial defense 
and settlement expenses. 
Even 
 unsuccessful challenges by regulatory authorities or private relators could result 
in reputational harm and the 
 incurring of substantial costs. 
Most states have adopted similar state false claims laws, and these state 
laws have 
 their own penalties which may be in addition to federal False Claims 
Act penalties, as well as other fraud and abuse 
 laws. 

 With respect to measures of this type, the United States government (among others) has expressed concerns 
about 
 financial relationships between suppliers on the one hand and physicians, 
dentists and other health care providers, 
 on the other. 
As a result, we regularly review and revise our marketing practices 
as necessary to facilitate 
 compliance. 
 In the EU, the Directive No. 2019/1937 of October 23, 2019, 
 on the protection of persons who report breaches of 
 Union law,
 
organizes the legal protection of whistleblowers. This Directive covers whistleblowers 
reporting 
 breaches of certain EU laws, in particular as regards public health, the above-mentioned 
Directive No. 2001/83, 
 Regulation No. 726/2004 or, as regards data protection, the GDPR. The Directive protects a wide range of 
people 
 and includes former employees. All private companies with 50 or 
more employees are required to create effective 
 internal reporting channels. Though it was required before December 17, 2021, 
at the latest, the implementation of 
 this Directive by EU member states is still underway for some of 
them. At the end of January 2023 and according 
 to information available on public sources, sixteen EU member states have 
fully implemented it (France, Belgium, 
 Denmark, Finland, Latvia, The Netherlands, Ireland, Croatia, Cyprus, Greece, Lithuania, 
Romania, Malta, Portugal, 
 Sweden and Bulgaria) while the process is ongoing in the others with varying 
degrees of progress. 

 We also are subject to the requirements of the new Directive No. 2022/2464 on corporate sustainability reporting 
 ("CSR Directive") adopted on December 14, 2022 and has to be 
implemented by EU members states by July 6, 
 2024, at the latest. By amending Directives No. 2004/109, No. 2006/43, No. 
2013/34 and Regulation No. 537/2014, 
 the CSR Directive strengthens the existing rules on non-financial 
reporting by setting new requirements for large 
 companies to publish sustainability-related information and, in particular, disclose details about their 
risks and 
 impacts on environmental matters. 
 We 
 also are subject to certain United States and foreign laws and regulations 
concerning the conduct of our foreign 
 operations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery 
Act, German anti-corruption laws 

Table of Contents 
 35 
 and other anti-bribery laws and laws pertaining to the accuracy of our internal 
books and records, which have been 
 the focus of increasing enforcement activity globally in recent years. 
Our businesses are generally subject to 
 numerous other laws and regulations that could impact our financial 
results, including, without limitation, 
 securities, antitrust, consumer protection, and marketing laws and regulations. 
 In the EU, both active and passive bribery are criminalized. 
The EU Council Framework Decision 2003/568/JHA 
 of 22 July 2003
 
on combating corruption in the private sector 
 establishes more detailed rules on the liability of 
 legal persons and deterrent sanctions. 
However, the liability of legal persons is regulated at a national level. 
 Failure to comply with fraud and abuse laws and regulations, and other 
laws and regulations, could result in 
 significant civil and criminal penalties and costs, including the loss of 
licenses and the ability to participate in 
 federal and state health care programs, and could have a material adverse 
effect on our business. 
We may 
 determine to enter into settlements, make payments, agree to consent decrees 
or enter into other arrangements to 
 resolve such matters. 
Intentional or unintentional failure to comply with consent decrees could 
materially adversely 
 affect our business. 
 While we believe that we are substantially compliant with applicable fraud and 
abuse and other laws and 
 regulations, and believe we have adequate compliance programs and controls 
in place to ensure substantial 
 compliance, we cannot predict whether changes in applicable law, or interpretation of laws, or changes in our 
 services or marketing practices in response to changes in applicable law or 
interpretation of laws, could have a 
 material adverse effect on our business. 
 If we fail to comply with laws and regulations relating to the collection, 
storage and processing of sensitive 
 personal information or standards in electronic health records or transmissions, 
we could be required to make 
 significant changes to our products, or incur substantial fines, penalties or 
other liabilities. 

 Our businesses that involve physician and dental practice management 
products, and our specialty home medical 
 supply business, include electronic information technology systems that 
store and process personal health, clinical, 
 financial and other sensitive information of individuals. 
These information technology systems may be vulnerable 
 to breakdown, wrongful intrusions, data breaches and malicious attack, 
which could require us to expend 
 significant resources to eliminate these problems and address related security 
concerns, and could involve claims 
 against us by private parties and/or governmental agencies. 
 We are directly or indirectly subject to numerous and evolving federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations 
 that protect the privacy and security of personal information, such as HIPAA, the Controlling the Assault of Non-
 Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991, Section 5 of the 
 Federal Trade Commission Act, the CCPA, and the CPRA that becomes effective on January 1, 2023. 
Laws and 
 regulations relating to privacy and data protection are continually evolving 
and subject to potentially differing 
 interpretations. 
These requirements 
may not be harmonized, may be interpreted and applied in a 
manner that is 
 inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another or may conflict with other 
rules or our practices. 
Our businesses 
 failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to breach of 
contract claims, substantial fines, 
 penalties and other liabilities and expenses, costs for remediation and harm to 
our reputation. 
Also, evolving laws 
 and regulations in this area could restrict the ability of our customers to obtain, 
use or disseminate patient 
 information, or could require us to incur significant additional costs to 
re-design our products to reflect these legal 
 requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 
 In addition, the European Parliament and the Council of the EU adopted 
the GDPR effective from May 25, 2018, 
 which increased privacy rights for individuals Data Subjects ), including 
individuals who are our customers, 
 suppliers and employees. 
The GDPR extended the scope of responsibilities for data controllers and data 
 processors, and generally imposes increased requirements and potential 
penalties on companies, such as us, that are 
 either established in the EU and process personal data of Data Subjects 
(regardless the Data Subject location), or 
 that are not established in the EU but that offer goods or services to Data Subjects 
in the EU or monitor their 
 behavior in the EU. Noncompliance can result in penalties of up to 
the greater of EUR 20 million, or 4 of global 
 company revenues (sanction that may be public), and Data Subjects may 
seek damages. 
Member states may 
 individually impose additional requirements and penalties regarding certain 
limited matters (for which the GDPR 
 left some room of flexibility), such as employee personal data. With respect to the personal data it protects, 
the 

Table of Contents 
 36 
 GDPR requires, among other things, controller accountability, consents from Data Subjects or another acceptable 
 legal basis to process the personal data, notification within 72 hours of 
a personal data breach where required, data 
 integrity and security, and fairness and transparency regarding the storage, use or other processing of the personal 
 data. 
The GDPR also provides rights to Data Subjects relating notably 
to information, access, rectification, erasure 
 of the personal data and the right to object to the processing. 

 On August 20, 2021, China promulgated the PIPL, which took effect on November 
1, 2021. 
The PIPL imposes 
 specific rules for processing personal information and it also specifies 
that the law shall also apply to personal 
 information activities carried out outside China but for the purpose 
of providing products or services to PRC 
 citizens. 
Any non-compliance with these laws and regulations may subject 
us to fines, orders to rectify or terminate 
 any actions that are deemed illegal by regulatory authorities, other penalties, 
as well as reputational damage or legal 
 proceedings against us, which may affect our business, financial condition or results 
of operations. 
The PIPL 
 carries maximum penalties of CNY50 million or 5 of the annual revenue of 
entities that process personal data. 
 In the United States, the CCPA, which increases the privacy protections afforded California residents, became 
 effective January 1, 2020. 
The CCPA generally requires companies, such as us, to institute additional protections 
 regarding the collection, use and disclosure of certain personal information 
of California residents. 
Compliance 
 with the obligations imposed by the CCPA depends in part on how particular regulators interpret and apply them. 

 Regulations were released in August of 2020, but there remains some 
uncertainty about how the CCPA will be 
 interpreted by the courts and enforced by the regulators. 
If we fail to comply with the CCPA or if regulators assert 
 that we have failed to comply with the CCPA, we may be subject to certain fines or other penalties and litigation, 
 any of which may negatively impact our reputation, require us to expend 
significant resources, and harm our 
 business. 
Furthermore, California voters approved the CPRA on November 3, 
2020, which will amend and expand 
 the CCPA, including by providing consumers with additional rights with respect to their personal information, and 
 creating a new state agency to enforce CCPA and CPRA. 
The CPRA came into effect on January 1, 2023, applying 
 to information collected by businesses on or after January 1, 2022. 
 Other states, as well as the federal government, have increasingly 
considered the adoption of similarly expansive 
 personal privacy laws, backed 
by significant civil penalties for non-compliance. 
Virginia and Colorado were both 
 successful in passing privacy legislation in 2021, becoming effective on January 
1, 2023 and July 1, 2023, 
 respectively. 
Connecticut and Utah also passed comprehensive privacy laws 
that will go into effect in July 1, 2023 
 and December 31, 2023. 
While we believe we have substantially compliant programs and controls 
in place to 
 comply with the GDPR, CCPA, PIPL and CPRA requirements, our compliance with data privacy and cybersecurity 
 laws is likely to impose additional costs on us, and we cannot predict whether 
the interpretations of the 
 requirements, or changes in our practices in response to new requirements 
or interpretations of the requirements, 
 could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We also sell products and services that health care providers, such as physicians and dentists, use to store and 
 manage patient medical or dental records. 
These customers and we are subject to laws, regulations and 
industry 
 standards, such as HIPAA and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, which require the protection of 
 the privacy and security of those records. 
Our products or services may be used as part of these customers 
 comprehensive data security programs, including in connection with their efforts to comply with 
applicable data 
 privacy and security laws and contractual requirements. 
Perceived or actual security vulnerabilities in our products 
 or services, or the perceived or actual failure by us or our customers who 
use our products or services to comply 
 with applicable legal or contractual data privacy and security requirements, 
may not only cause us significant 
 reputational harm, but may also lead to claims against us by our customers 
and/or governmental agencies and 
 involve substantial fines, penalties and other liabilities and expenses 
and costs for remediation. 
 Under the GDPR, health data belong to the category of sensitive data and benefit 
from specific protections. 

 Processing of such data is generally prohibited, except for specific exceptions. 
 Certain of our businesses involve the manufacture and sale of EHR systems 
and other products linked to 
 government supported incentive programs, where the EHR systems 
must be certified as having certain capabilities 
 designated in evolving standards, such as those adopted by CMS and ONC. 
In order to maintain certification of our 
 EHR products, we must satisfy the changing governmental standards. 
If any of our EHR systems do not meet these 
 standards, yet have been relied upon by health care providers to receive 
federal incentive payments, we may be 

Table of Contents 
 37 
 exposed to risk, such as under federal health care fraud and abuse 
laws, including the False Claims Act. 
While we 
 believe we are substantially in compliance with such certifications and with applicable 
fraud and abuse laws and 
 regulations and that we have adequate compliance programs and controls 
in place to ensure substantial compliance, 
 we cannot predict whether changes in applicable law, or interpretation of laws, or resulting changes in our, could 
 have a material adverse effect on our business. 

 Moreover, in order to satisfy our customers and comply with evolving legal requirements, our products 
may need to 
 incorporate increasingly complex functionality, such as with respect to reporting and information blocking. 

 Although we believe we are positioned to accomplish this, the effort may involve 
increased costs, and our failure to 
 implement product modifications, or otherwise satisfy applicable standards, 
could have a material adverse effect on 
 our business. 
 Additionally, as electronic medical devices are increasingly connected to each other and to other technology, the 
 ability of these connected systems to safely and effectively exchange and use exchanged 
information becomes 
 increasingly important. 
As a medical device manufacturer, we must manage risks including those associated with 
 an electronic interface that is incorporated into a medical device. 
 Tax legislation could materially adversely affect our financial results and tax liabilities. 

 We are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the United States federal, state and local governments, as well as 
 foreign jurisdictions. 
From time to time, various legislative initiatives may be proposed 
that could materially 
 adversely affect our tax positions. 
There can be no assurance that our effective tax rate will not be 
materially 
 adversely affected by legislation resulting from these initiatives. 
In addition, tax laws and regulations are extremely 
 complex and subject to varying interpretations. 
Although we believe that our historical tax positions are sound and 
 consistent with applicable laws, regulations and existing precedent, 
there can be no assurance that our tax positions 
 will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful 
in any such challenge. 
 We face inherent risk of exposure to product liability, intellectual property infringement and other claims in the 
 event that the use of the products we sell results in injury. 
 Our business involves a risk of product liability, intellectual property infringement and other claims in the ordinary 
 course of business, and from time to time we are named as a defendant 
in cases as a result of our distribution of 
 products. 
Additionally, we own interests in companies that manufacture certain dental products. 
As a result, we 
 could be subject to the potential risk of product liability, intellectual property infringement or other claims relating 
 to the manufacture and distribution of products by those entities. 
In addition, as our corporate brand business 
 continues to grow, purchasers of such products may increasingly seek recourse directly from us, rather than the 
 ultimate product manufacturer, for product-related claims. 
Another potential risk we face in the distribution of our 
 products is liability resulting from counterfeit or tainted products infiltrating 
the supply chain. 
In addition, some of 
 the products that we transport and sell are considered hazardous materials. 
The improper handling of such 
 materials or accidents involving the transportation of such materials could 
subject us to liability or at least legal 
 action that could harm our reputation. 

 Customs policies or legislative import restrictions could hinder the Company s ability to import goods necessary 
 to our operations on a timely basis and result in government enforcement 
actions and/or sanctions. 
 Government-imposed import policies and legislation regulating the 
import of goods and prohibiting the use of 
 forced labor or human trafficking could result in delays or the inability to import 
goods in a timely manner that are 
 necessary to our operations, and such policies or legislation could also 
result in financial penalties, other sanctions, 
 government enforcement actions and reputational harm. 
While the Company has policies against and seeks to 
 avoid the import of goods that are manufactured in whole or in part by forced 
labor or through human trafficking, 
 as a result of legislative and governmental policy initiatives, we may be subject 
to increasing potential delays, 
 added costs, supply chain disruption and other restrictions. 

Table of Contents 
 38 
 GENERAL RISKS 
 Security risks generally associated with our information systems and our 
technology products and services could 
 materially adversely affect our business, and our results of operations could be 
materially adversely affected if 
 such products, services or systems (or third-party systems we rely on) are 
interrupted, damaged by unforeseen 
 events, are subject to cyberattacks or fail for any extended period 
of time. 
 We rely on information systems (IS) in our business to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, manage and store customer, 
 product, supplier and employee data to, among other things: 
 
 maintain and manage worldwide systems to facilitate the purchase and 
distribution of thousands of 
 inventory items from numerous distribution centers; 
 
 receive, process and ship orders on a timely basis; 
 
 manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of 
customers; 
 
 process payments to suppliers; and 
 
 provide products and services that maintain certain of our customers electronic 
medical or dental 
 records (including protected health information of their patients). 
 Information security risks have generally increased in recent years, and a cyberattack 
that bypasses our IS security 
 systems (including third-party systems we rely on) causing an IS security breach 
may lead to a material disruption 
 of our IS business systems (including third-party systems we rely on) and/or 
the loss of business information, as 
 well as claims against us by affected parties and/or governmental agencies, and involve 
fines and penalties, costs 
 for remediation, and substantial defense and settlement expenses. 
In addition, we develop products and provide 
 services to our customers that are technology-based, and a cyberattack 
that bypasses the IS security systems of our 
 products or services causing a security breach and/or perceived security 
vulnerabilities in our products or services 
 could also cause significant loss of business and reputational harm, and actual 
or perceived vulnerabilities may lead 
 to claims against us by our customers and/or governmental agencies. 
In particular, certain of our practice 
 management products and services purchased by health care providers, such 
as physicians and dentists, are used to 
 store and manage patient medical or dental records. 
These customers are subject to laws and regulations which 
 require that they protect the privacy and security of those records, and our 
products may be used as part of these 
 customers comprehensive data security programs, including in connection 
with their efforts to comply with 
 applicable privacy and security laws. 
Perceived or actual security vulnerabilities in our products or services, 
or the 
 perceived or actual failure by us or our customers who use our products 
to comply with applicable legal 
 requirements, may not only cause reputational harm and loss of business, 
but may also lead to claims against us by 
 our customers and/or governmental agencies and involve damages, fines and 
penalties, costs for remediation, and 
 substantial defense and settlement expenses. 
In addition, a cyberattack on a third-party that we use to manage 
a 
 portion of our information systems could result in the same effects. 
Additionally, legislative or regulatory action 
 related to cybersecurity may increase our costs to develop or implement 
new technology products and services. 

 From time to time, we have had to address immaterial security incidents security incidents ). 
There can be no 
 assurance that we will not experience material security incidents in the future. Security 
incidents can be difficult to 
 detect and any delay in identifying them could increase their harm. 
While we have implemented measures to 
 protect our IS systems, such measures may not prevent these events. 
Any such security incidents could disrupt our 
 operations, harm our reputation or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our 
business. 
We have various 
 insurance policies, including cybersecurity insurance, covering risks and 
in amounts that we consider adequate. 

 There can be no assurance that the insurance coverage we maintain is sufficient or 
will be available in adequate 
 amounts or at a reasonable cost to cover costs and expenses related 
to security incidents. 
 Furthermore, procedures and safeguards must continually evolve to meet new 
IS challenges, and enhancing 
 protections, and conducting investigations and remediation, may impose additional 
costs on us. 
 Finally, our business may be interrupted by shortfalls of IS systems providers engaged by our customers, such 
as 
 Internet-based services upon which our customers depend to access certain of 
our products. 

Table of Contents 
 39 
 Our global operations are subject to inherent risks that could materially adversely 
affect our business. 
 Our global operations are subject to risks that could materially adversely affect our business. 
The risks that our 
 global operations are subject to include, among other things: 

difficulties and costs relating to staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 
 difficulties and delays inherent in sourcing products, establishing channels of distribution 
and contract 
 manufacturing in foreign markets; 
 
 fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies (including, without limitation, 
in connection with 
 Brexit); 
 
 uncertainties relating to the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement of December 2020, which 
went 
 into effect in 2021, including for example potential implementation issues, potential 
disputes over the 
 interpretation of the provisions of the Agreement and possible changes 
to the Agreement restricting the 
 free movement of goods between the U.K. and the European Union; 
 
 longer payment cycles of foreign customers and difficulty of collecting receivables 
in foreign 
 jurisdictions; 
 
 repatriation of cash from our foreign operations to the United States; 
 
 regulatory requirements, including, 
without limitation, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and laws pertaining 
 to the accuracy of our internal books and records; 
 
 litigation risks, new or unanticipated litigation developments and 
the status of litigation matters; 
 
 unexpected difficulties in importing or exporting our products and import/export 
tariffs, quotas, 
 sanctions or penalties; 
 
 limitations on our ability under local laws to protect our intellectual property; 
 
 unexpected regulatory, legal, economic and political changes in foreign markets; 
 
 changes in tax regulations that influence purchases of capital equipment; 
 
 civil disturbances, geopolitical turmoil, including terrorism, war or political 
or military coups; 

risks associated with climate change, including physical risks such as 
impacts from extreme weather 
 events and other potential physical consequences, regulatory and technological 
requirements, market 
 developments, stakeholder expectations and reputational risk; and 
 
 public health emergencies, including COVID-19. 
 Our future success is substantially dependent upon our senior 
management, and our revenues and profitability 
 depend on our relationships with capable sales personnel as well as 
customers, suppliers and manufacturers of 
 the products that we distribute. 
 Our future success is substantially dependent upon the efforts and abilities of members 
of our existing senior 
 management, particularly Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
The loss of the services of 
 Mr. Bergman could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have an employment agreement with Mr. 
 Bergman. 
We do not currently have key man life insurance policies on any of our employees. 
Competition for 
 senior management is intense, burnout and turn-over rates are increasing workplace 
concerns during and after the 
 COVID-19 pandemic, and we may not be successful in attracting and 
retaining key personnel. 
Additionally, our 
 future revenues and profitability depend on our ability to maintain satisfactory 
relationships with qualified sales 
 personnel as well as customers, suppliers and manufacturers. 
If we fail to maintain our existing relationships with 
 such persons or fail to acquire relationships with such key persons in the 
future, our business may be materially 
 adversely affected. 
 Disruptions in the financial markets may materially adversely affect the availability 
and cost of credit to us. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments or refinance our obligations with 
respect to indebtedness will depend on 
 our operating and financial performance, which in turn is subject to prevailing 
economic conditions and financial, 
 business and other factors beyond our control. 
Disruptions in the financial markets may materially adversely affect 
 the availability and cost of credit to us. 

Table of Contents 
 40 
 Item 1B. 
Unresolved Staff Comments
 We have no unresolved comments from the staff of the SEC that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of 
 our 2022 fiscal year.
 ITEM 2. Properties 
 Within our health care distribution segment (for properties with more than 100,000 square feet) we lease 
and/or 
 own approximately 5.8 million square feet of properties, consisting of distribution, 
office, showroom, 
 manufacturing and sales space, in locations including the United States, Australia, 
Austria, Belgium, Brazil, 
 Canada, Chile, China, the Czech Republic, France, Germany, Hong Kong SAR, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, 
 Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Mexico, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Poland, 
Portugal, Singapore, South 
 Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, 
United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom. 
Lease expirations 
 range from 2023 to 2041. 
 We believe that our properties are in good condition, are well maintained and are suitable and adequate to carry on 
 our business. 
We have additional operating capacity at certain distribution center facilities. 
 ITEM 3. 
Legal Proceedings 

 For a discussion of Legal Proceedings, see 
 Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies 
 
of the Notes to the 
 Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8. 
 ITEM 4. 
Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

Table of Contents 
 41 
 PART 
II 
 ITEM 5. 
Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of 
 Equity Securities 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market tier of 
the Nasdaq Stock Market, or Nasdaq, 
 under the symbol HSIC. 
 On February 7, 2023, there were approximately 88,000 holders of record of 
our common stock and the last reported 
 sales price was 87.14. 
A substantially greater number of holders of our common 
stock are street name or 
 beneficial holders, whose shares are held by banks, brokers and other financial 
institutions. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
 Our share repurchase program, announced on March 3, 2003, originally 
allowed us to repurchase up to two million 
 shares pre-stock splits (eight million shares post-stock splits) of our common 
stock, which represented 
 approximately 2.3 of the shares outstanding at the commencement 
of the program. 
Subsequent additional 
 increases totaling 4.5 billion, authorized by our Board of Directors, 
to the repurchase program provide for a total 
 of 4.6 billion (including 400 million authorized on August 17, 2022) of shares 
of our common stock to be 
 repurchased under this program. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 
we had repurchased approximately 4.5 billion of common stock (87,180,669 
shares) 
 under these initiatives, with 115 million available for future common stock share repurchases. 
 On February 8, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase 
of up to an additional 400 million in shares 
 of our common stock. 
 The following table summarizes repurchases of our common stock 
under our stock repurchase program during the 
 fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 Total Number 
 Maximum Number 
 Total 
 of Shares 
 of Shares 
 Number 
 Average 
 Purchased as Part 
 that May Yet 
 of Shares 
 Price Paid 
 of Our Publicly 
 Be Purchased Under 
 Fiscal Month 
 Purchased (1) 
 Per Share 
 Announced Program 
 Our Program (2) 
 9/25/2022 through 10/29/2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,703,693 
 10/30/2022 through 11/26/2022 
 1,249,083 
 
 76.29 
 1,249,083 
 3,741,485 
 11/27/2022 through 12/31/2022 
 2,333,467 
 81.30 
 2,333,467 
 1,439,841 
 3,582,550 
 3,582,550 
 (1) 
 All repurchases were executed in the open market under our existing publicly announced authorized program. 
 (2) 
 The maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under this program is determined at the end of each month based on the 
 closing price of our common stock at that time. 
This table excludes shares withheld from employees to satisfy minimum tax 
 withholding requirements for equity-based transactions. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not declared any cash or stock dividends on our common stock during fiscal years 2022 or 2021. 
We 
 currently do not anticipate declaring any cash or stock dividends on our common 
stock in the foreseeable future. 

 We intend to retain earnings to finance the expansion of our business and for general corporate purposes, including 
 our share repurchase program. 
Any declaration of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of 
Directors and 
 will depend upon the earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, 
level of indebtedness, contractual 
 restrictions with respect to payment of dividends and other factors. 

Table of Contents 
 42 
 50
 100
 150
 200
 250
 300
 December
 2017
 December
 2018
 December
 2019
 December
 2020
 December
 2021
 December
 2022
 Henry Schein, Inc.
 Dow Jones US Health Care Index
 NASDAQ Composite Index
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return 
on 100 invested, assuming the reinvestment of 
 all dividends, on December 30, 2017, the last trading day before the 
beginning of our 2018 fiscal year, through the 
 end of our 2022 fiscal year with the cumulative total return on 100 
invested for the same period in the Dow Jones 
 U.S. Health Care Index and the Nasdaq Stock Market Composite Index. 
 COMPARISON OF 5-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL 
RETURN 
 ASSUMES 100 INVESTED ON DECEMBER 30, 2017 
 ASSUMES DIVIDENDS REINVESTED 
 December 30, 
 December 29, 
 December 28, 
 December 26, 
 December 25, 
 December 31, 
 2017 
 2018 
 2019 
 2020 
 2021 
 2022 
 Henry Schein, Inc. 

100.00 
 
 111.49 
 
 122.98 
 
 121.58 
 
 138.37 
 
 147.48 
 Dow Jones U.S. Health 
 
Care Index 

 100.00 
 104.72 
 129.31 
 147.48 
 183.33 
 176.40 
 NASDAQ Stock Market 
 
Composite Index 

 100.00 
 96.41 
 133.30 
 191.21 
 235.27 
 158.65 
 ITEM 6. 
 [Reserved] 

Table of Contents 
 43 
 ITEM 7. 
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

 In accordance with the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we 
 provide the following cautionary remarks regarding important factors 
that, among others, could cause future results 
 to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, expectations and assumptions 
expressed or implied 
 herein. 
All forward-looking statements made by us are subject to 
risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of 
 future performance. 
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown 
risks, uncertainties and other 
 factors that may cause our actual results, performance and achievements 
or industry results to be materially 
 different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
 statements. 
These statements are generally identified by the use of such 
terms as may, could, expect, 
 intend, believe, plan, estimate, forecast, project, anticipate, 
 to be, to make or other comparable 
 terms. 
Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited 
to, those discussed in 
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in particular the risks discussed under 
the caption Risk Factors in Item 1A 
 of this report and those that may be discussed in other documents we 
file with the Securities and Exchange 
 Commission (SEC). 
Forward looking statements include the overall impact of the Novel Coronavirus 
Disease 2019 
 (COVID-19) on us, our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition 
(including any estimates of the 
 impact on these items), the rate and consistency with which dental 
and other practices resume or maintain normal 
 operations in the United States and internationally, expectations regarding personal protective equipment PPE 
 products and COVID-19 related product sales and inventory levels, whether 
additional resurgences or variants of 
 the virus will adversely impact the resumption of normal operations, whether 
supply chain disruptions will 
 adversely impact our business, the impact of integration and restructuring 
programs as well as of any future 
 acquisitions, general economic conditions including exchange rates, 
inflation and recession, and more generally 
 current expectations regarding performance in current and future periods. 
Forward looking statements also include 
 the (i) our ability to have continued access to a variety of COVID-19 
test types, expectations regarding COVID-19 
 test sales, demand and inventory levels, as well as the efficacy or relative efficacy of the test 
results given that the 
 test efficacy has not been, or will not have been, independently verified under 
normal FDA procedures and (ii) 
 potential for us to distribute the COVID-19 vaccines and ancillary supplies. 

 Risk factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from 
current and historical results 
 include, but are not limited to: risks associated with COVID-19 
and any variants thereof, as well as other disease 
 outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, or similar wide-spread public health concerns 
and other natural disasters; our 
 dependence on third parties for the manufacture and supply of our products; 
our ability to develop or acquire and 
 maintain and protect new products (particularly technology products) and 
technologies that achieve market 
 acceptance with acceptable margins; transitional challenges associated with acquisitions, 
dispositions and joint 
 ventures, including the failure to achieve anticipated synergies/benefits; legal, regulatory, compliance, 
 cybersecurity, financial and tax risks associated with acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures; certain provisions 
 in our governing documents that may discourage third-party acquisitions 
of us; adverse changes in supplier rebates 
 or other purchasing incentives; risks related to the sale of corporate brand 
products; effects of a highly competitive 
 (including, without limitation, competition from third-party online commerce 
sites) and consolidating market; the 
 repeal or judicial prohibition on implementation of the Affordable Care Act; changes in the health 
care industry; 
 risks from expansion of customer purchasing power and multi-tiered 
costing structures; increases in shipping costs 
 for our products or other service issues with our third-party shippers; general 
global and domestic macro-economic 
 and political conditions, including inflation, deflation, recession, fluctuations 
in energy pricing and the value of the 
 U.S. dollar as compared to foreign currencies, and changes to other economic 
indicators, international trade 
 agreements, potential trade barriers and terrorism; failure to comply with existing 
and future regulatory 
 requirements; risks associated with the EU Medical Device Regulation; failure 
to comply with laws and regulations 
 relating to health care fraud or other laws and regulations; failure to comply with 
laws and regulations relating to 
 the collection, storage and processing of sensitive personal information 
or standards in electronic health records or 
 transmissions; changes in tax legislation; risks related to product liability, intellectual property and other claims; 
 litigation risks; 
new or unanticipated litigation developments and the status of litigation 
matters; risks associated 
 with customs policies or legislative import restrictions; cyberattacks 
or other privacy or data security breaches; risks 
 associated with our global operations; our dependence on our senior management, 
employee hiring and retention, 
 and our relationships with customers, suppliers and manufacturers; 
and disruptions in financial markets. 
The order 
 in which these factors appear should not be construed to indicate their 
relative importance or priority.

Table of Contents 
 44 
 We caution that these factors may not be exhaustive and that many of these factors are beyond our ability to control 
 or predict. 
Accordingly, any forward-looking statements contained herein should not be relied upon as a prediction 
 of actual results. 
We undertake no duty and have no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as 
 required by law.
 Where You 
Can Find Important Information 
 We may disclose important information through one or more of the following channels: SEC filings, public 
 conference calls and webcasts, press releases, the investor relations 
page of our website (www.henryschein.com) 
 and the social media channels identified on the Newsroom page of our website. 
 Recent Developments 
 The COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains and created 
 significant volatility and disruption of global financial markets in 
2020 and 2021. 
The impact of COVID-19 had a 
 material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows in 2020. 
During the year ended 
 December 25, 2021, patient traffic levels returned to levels approaching pre-pandemic 
levels. 
Demand for dental 
 products and certain medical products throughout 2021 was driven 
by sales of PPE and COVID-19 test kits. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2022 we experienced a decrease 
in the sales volume of PPE and COVID-19 
 test kits. 
The volatility in sales of COVID-19 test kits has moderated, albeit at a significantly 
lower level of sales 
 compared with 2021, resulting in us recording an inventory obsolescence 
reserve of 17 million for COVID-19 test 
 kits during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 While the U.S. economy has recently experienced inflationary 
pressures and strengthening of the U.S dollar, their 
 impacts have not been material to our results of operations in the 
fourth quarter or full year ended December 31, 
 2022, and we currently expect moderating of inflation and foreign currency 
fluctuations. 
Though inflation impacts 
 both our revenues and costs, the depth and breadth of our product portfolio 
often allows us to offer lower-cost 
 national brand solutions or corporate brand alternatives to our more 
price-sensitive customers who are unable to 
 absorb price increases, thus positioning us to protect our gross profit. 
 Our consolidated financial statements reflect estimates and assumptions 
made by us that affect, among other things, 
 our goodwill, long-lived asset and definite-lived intangible asset valuation; 
inventory valuation; equity investment 
 valuation; assessment of the annual effective tax rate; valuation of deferred income 
taxes and income tax 
 contingencies; the allowance for doubtful accounts; hedging activity; supplier 
rebates; measurement of 
 compensation cost for certain share-based performance awards and cash 
bonus plans; and pension plan 
 assumptions. 
Due to the significant uncertainty surrounding the future impact 
of COVID-19, our judgments 
 regarding estimates and impairments could change in the future. 
There is an ongoing risk that the COVID-19 
 pandemic may again have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations 
and cash flows and may 
 result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition and liquidity. 
However, the extent of the potential 
 impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 

Table of Contents 
 45 
 Executive-Level Overview 

 Henry Schein, Inc. is a solutions company for health care professionals powered 
by a network of people and 
 technology. 
We believe we are the world s 
largest provider of health care products and services primarily to office-
 based dental and medical practitioners, as well as alternate sites of care. 

 We 
 serve more than one million customers 
 worldwide including dental practitioners, laboratories, physician practices, and 
ambulatory surgery centers, as well 
 as government, institutional health care clinics and other alternate care clinics. 

 We 
 believe that we have a strong 
 brand identity due to our more than 90 years of experience distributing health 
care products. 
 We are headquartered in Melville, New York, 
employ approximately 22,000 people (of which approximately 
 10,700 are based outside of the United States) and have operations or 
affiliates in 32 countries and territories. 
Our 
 broad global footprint has evolved over time through our organic success as well as 
through contribution from 
 strategic acquisitions. 
 We 
 have established strategically located distribution centers around 
the world to enable us to better serve our 
 customers and increase our operating efficiency. 
This infrastructure, together with broad product and service 
 offerings at competitive prices, and a strong commitment to customer service, enables 
us to be a single source of 
 supply for our customers needs. 
 While our primary go-to-market strategy is in our capacity as a distributor, we also market and sell under 
our own 
 corporate brand portfolio of cost-effective, high-quality consumable merchandise products, 
and manufacture certain 
 dental specialty products in the areas of implants, orthodontics and endodontics. 

 We 
 have achieved scale in these 
 global businesses primarily through acquisitions as manufacturers of these 
products typically do not utilize a 
 distribution channel to serve customers. 
 We 
 conduct our business through two reportable segments: (i) health 
care distribution and (ii) technology and 
 value-added services. 
These segments offer different products and services to the same customer base. 
Our global 
 dental businesses serve office-based dental practitioners, dental laboratories, schools, government 
and other 
 institutions. 
Our medical businesses serve physician offices, urgent care centers, ambulatory care sites, emergency 
 medical technicians, dialysis centers, home health, federal and state governments 
and large enterprises, such as 
 group practices and integrated delivery networks, among other providers 
across a wide range of specialties. 

 The health care distribution reportable segment, combining our global dental and 
medical operating segments, 
 distributes consumable products, small equipment, laboratory products, large equipment, equipment 
repair services, 
 branded and generic pharmaceuticals, vaccines, surgical products, dental specialty 
products (including implant, 
 orthodontic and endodontic products), diagnostic tests, infection-control products, 
PPE products and vitamins. 

 Our global technology and value-added services business provides software, technology 
and other value-added 
 services to health care practitioners. 
Our technology business offerings include practice management software 
 systems for dental and medical practitioners. 
Our value-added practice solutions include practice consultancy, 
 education, revenue cycle management and financial services on a non-recourse 
basis, e-services, practice 
 technology, network and hardware services, as well as consulting, and continuing education services for 
 practitioners. 
 A key element to grow closer to our customers is our One Schein initiative, which 
is a unified go-to-market 
 approach that enables practitioners to work synergistically with our supply chain, 
equipment sales and service and 
 other value-added services, allowing our customers to leverage the 
combined value that we offer through a single 
 program. 
Specifically, One Schein provides customers with streamlined access to our comprehensive offering of 
 national brand products, our corporate brand products and proprietary specialty 
products and solutions (including 
 implant, orthodontic and endodontic products). 
In addition, customers have access to a wide range of services, 
 including software and other value-added services. 

Table of Contents 
 46 
 Industry Overview
 In recent years, the health care industry has increasingly focused on cost containment. 
This trend has benefited 
 distributors capable of providing a broad array of products and services at low 
prices. 
It also has accelerated the 
 growth of HMOs, group practices, other managed care accounts and collective buying 
groups, which, in addition to 
 their emphasis on obtaining products at competitive prices, tend to favor distributors 
capable of providing 
 specialized management information support. 

 We 
 believe that the trend towards cost containment has the potential 
 to favorably affect demand for technology solutions, including software, which can 
enhance the efficiency and 
 facilitation of practice management. 
 Our operating results in recent years have been significantly affected by strategies 
and transactions that we 
 undertook to expand our business, domestically and internationally, in part to address significant changes in the 
 health care industry, including consolidation of health care distribution companies, health care reform, trends 
 toward managed care, cuts in Medicare and collective purchasing arrangements. 
 Our current and future results have been and could be impacted by the COVID-19 
pandemic, the current economic 
 environment and continued economic and public health uncertainty. 
Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in 
 early 2020, we have been carefully monitoring its impact on our global 
operations and have taken appropriate steps 
 to minimize the risk to our employees. 

 We 
 have seen and expect to continue to see changes in demand trends 
for 
 some of our products and services, supply chain challenges and labor 
challenges, as rates of infection fluctuate, new 
 strains or variants of COVID-19 emerge and spread, governments adapt their approaches 
to combatting the virus, 
 and local conditions change across geographies. 
As a result, we expect to see continued volatility. 
 Industry Consolidation
 The health care products distribution industry, as it relates to office-based health care practitioners, is fragmented 
 and diverse. 
The industry ranges from sole practitioners working out of 
relatively small offices to group practices 
 or service organizations ranging in size from a few practitioners to a large number of practitioners who have 
 combined or otherwise associated their practices. 
 Due in part to the inability of office-based health care practitioners to store and manage 
large quantities of supplies 
 in their offices, the distribution of health care supplies and small equipment to office-based health 
care practitioners 
 has been characterized by frequent, small quantity orders, and a need for rapid, 
reliable and substantially complete 
 order fulfillment. 
The purchasing decisions within an office-based health care practice are typically 
made by the 
 practitioner or an administrative assistant. 
Supplies and small equipment are generally purchased from more 
than 
 one distributor, with one generally serving as the primary supplier. 
 The trend of consolidation extends to our customer base. 
Health care practitioners are increasingly seeking to 
 partner, affiliate or combine with larger entities such as hospitals, health systems, group practices or physician 
 hospital organizations. 
In many cases, purchasing decisions for consolidated groups 
are made at a centralized or 
 professional staff level; however, orders are delivered to the practitioners offices. 
 We 
 believe that consolidation within the industry will continue to 
result in a number of distributors, particularly 
 those with limited financial, operating and marketing resources, seeking to 
combine with larger companies that can 
 provide growth opportunities. 
This consolidation also may continue to result in distributors seeking 
to acquire 
 companies that can enhance their current product and service offerings or provide 
opportunities to serve a broader 
 customer base. 
 Our approach to acquisitions and joint ventures has been to expand our role as 
a provider of products and services 
 to the health care industry. 
This trend has resulted in our expansion into service areas that complement 
our existing 
 operations and provide opportunities for us to develop synergies with, and thus strengthen, the acquired 
businesses. 
 As industry 
consolidation continues, we believe that we are positioned to capitalize 
on this trend, as we believe we 
 have the ability to support increased sales through our existing infrastructure, although 
there can be no assurances 
 that we will be able to successfully accomplish this. 

 We 
 also have invested in expanding our sales/marketing 

Table of Contents 
 47 
 infrastructure to include a focus on building relationships with decision 
makers who do not reside in the office-
 based practitioner setting. 
 As the health care industry continues to change, we continually evaluate possible 
candidates for joint venture or 
 acquisition and intend to continue to seek opportunities to expand our 
role as a provider of products and services to 
 the health care industry. 
There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully pursue 
any such 
 opportunity or consummate any such transaction, if pursued. 
If additional transactions are entered into or 
 consummated, we would incur merger and/or acquisition-related costs, and there 
can be no assurance that the 
 integration efforts associated with any such transaction would be successful. 
 Aging Population and Other Market Influences
 The health care products distribution industry continues to experience growth 
due to the aging population, 
 increased health care awareness, the proliferation of medical technology 
and testing, new pharmacology treatments, 
 and expanded third-party insurance coverage, partially offset by the effects of unemployment on insurance 
 coverage. 
In addition, the physician market continues to benefit from 
the shift of procedures and diagnostic testing 
 from acute care settings to alternate-care sites, particularly physicians 
offices. 
 According to the U.S. Census Bureau s International Database, between 2022 and 2032, the 45 and older 
 population is expected to grow by approximately 11 . 
Between 2022 and 2042, this age group is expected to grow 
 by approximately 21 . 
This compares with expected total U.S. population growth 
rates of approximately 6 
 between 2022 and 2032 and approximately 12 between 2022 and 2042. 
 According to the U.S. Census Bureau s International Database, in 2022 there are approximately seven million 
 Americans aged 85 years or older, the segment of the population most in need of long-term care 
and elder-care 
 services. 
By the year 2050, that number is projected to nearly triple to approximately 
19 million. 
The population 
 aged 65 to 84 years is projected to increase by approximately 27 during 
the same period. 
 As a result of these market dynamics, annual expenditures for health care services 
continue to increase in the 
 United States. 
We believe that demand for our products and services will grow while continuing to be impacted by 
 current and future operating, economic, and industry conditions. 
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, 
 or CMS, published National Health Expenditure Data indicating 
that total national health care spending reached 
 approximately 4.3 trillion in 2021, or 18.3 of the nation s gross domestic product, the benchmark 
measure for 
 annual production of goods and services in the United States. 
Health care spending is projected to reach 
 approximately 6.2 trillion in 2028, or 19.7 of the nation s projected gross domestic product. 
 Government 

 Our businesses are generally subject to numerous laws and regulations that could 
impact our financial performance, 
 and failure to comply with such laws or regulations could have a 
material adverse effect on our business. 

 See 
 Item 1. Business Governmental Regulations 
 for a discussion of laws, regulations and governmental activity 
 that may affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Table of Contents 
 48 
 Results of Operations 
 Refer to Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in 
 our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K for management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results 
 of operations for the fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020. 
 The following tables summarize the significant components of our operating 
results and cash flows from continuing 
 operations: 
 Years 
Ended 
 December 31, 
 December 25, 
 December 26, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Operating results: 
 Net sales 
 
 12,647 
 
 12,401 
 
 10,119 
 Cost of sales 
 8,816 
 8,727 
 7,303 
 Gross profit 

 3,831 
 3,674 
 2,816 
 Operating expenses: 
 Selling, general and administrative 

 2,771 
 2,634 
 2,086 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 182 
 180 
 163 
 Restructuring and integration costs 
 131 
 8 
 32 
 Operating income 
 
 747 
 
 852 
 
 535 
 Other expense, net 

(26) 
 
 (21) 
 
 (35) 
 Gain on sale of equity investments, net of tax 
 - 
 7 
 2 
 Net income from continuing operations 
 566 
 660 
 419 
 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 - 
 - 
 1 
 Net income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. 
 538 
 631 
 404 
 Years 
Ended 
 December 31, 
 December 25, 
 December 26, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Cash flows: 

 Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations 
 
 602 
 
 710 
 
 594 
 Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations 
 (276) 
 (677) 
 (115) 
 Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations 
 (315) 
 (333) 
 (182) 

Table of Contents 
 49 
 Plans of Restructuring and Integration Costs
 On August 1, 2022, we committed to a restructuring plan focused on 
funding the priorities of the strategic plan and 
 streamlining operations and other initiatives to increase efficiency. 
We expect this initiative to extend through 
 2023. 
We are currently unable in good faith to make a determination of an estimate of the amount or range of 
 amounts expected to be incurred in connection with these activities, both with 
respect to each major type of cost 
 associated therewith and with respect to the total cost, or an estimate of the 
amount or range of amounts that will 
 result in future cash expenditures. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded restructuring charges of 128 
million primarily related to 
 severance and employee-related costs, accelerated amortization of right-of-use 
lease assets, impairment of other 
 long-lived assets and lease exit costs. 

 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, in connection with our restructuring 
plan, we vacated one of 
 the buildings at our corporate headquarters in Melville NY, which resulted in an accelerated amortization of right-
 of-use lease asset of 34 million. 
We also initiated the disposal of a non-profitable US business and recorded 
 related costs of 49 million which primarily consisted of impairment of 
intangible assets and goodwill, inventory 
 impairment, and severance and employee-related costs. 
These expenses are included in the 128 million of 
 restructuring charges discussed above. 
The disposal is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2023. 

 On August 26, 2022, we acquired Midway Dental Supply. 
In connection with this acquisition, during the year 
 ended December 31, 2022, we recorded integration costs of 3 million related 
to one-time employee and other 
 costs, as well as restructuring charges of 9 million, which are included in the 
 128 million of restructuring charges 
 discussed above. 
 On November 20, 2019, we committed to a contemplated restructuring 
initiative intended to mitigate stranded costs 
 associated with the spin-off of our animal health business and to rationalize operations 
and provide expense 
 efficiencies. 
These activities were originally expected to be completed by 
the end of 2020 but we extended them to 
 the end of 2021 in light of the changes to the business environment brought 
on by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The 
 restructuring activities under this prior initiative were completed 
in 2021. 

Table of Contents 
 50 
 2022 Compared to 2021 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales were as follows: 
 of 
 of 
 Increase / (Decrease) 
 2022 
 Total 
 2021 
 Total 

Health care distribution 
 (1)
 Dental 

7,473 
 59.1 

7,544 
 60.8 

(71) 
 (0.9) 
 
 Medical 

 4,451 
 35.2 
 4,210 
 34.0 
 241 
 5.7 
 Total health care distribution 

 11,924 
 94.3 
 11,754 
 94.8 
 170 
 1.4 
 Technology and value-added services 
 (2)
 723 
 5.7 
 647 
 5.2 
 76 
 11.8 
 Total 

12,647 
 100.0 
 
 12,401 
 100.0 
 
 246 
 2.0 
 The components of our sales growth were as follows: 
 Local Currency Growth 
 Total Sales 
 Growth 
 Foreign 
 Exchange 
 Impact 
 Total Local 
 Currency 
 Growth 
 Acquisition 
 Growth 
 Extra Week 
 Impact 
 Local Internal 
 Growth 
 Health care distribution 
 (1)
 Dental Merchandise 
 (2.6) 
 
 (3.5) 
 
 0.9 
 
 1.3 
 
 1.0 
 
 (1.4) 
 
 Dental Equipment 
 4.7 
 (4.6) 
 9.3 
 0.6 
 2.3 
 6.4 
 Total Dental 
 (0.9) 
 (3.7) 
 2.8 
 1.2 
 1.2 
 0.4 
 Medical 
 5.7 
 (0.3) 
 6.0 
 2.4 
 1.5 
 2.1 
 Total Health Care Distribution 
 1.4 
 (2.5) 
 3.9 
 1.6 
 1.3 
 1.0 
 Technology and value-added services 
 (2)
 11.8 
 (1.5) 
 13.3 
 5.4 
 0.8 
 7.1 
 Total 
 2.0 
 (2.4) 
 4.4 
 1.8 
 1.3 
 1.3 
 Note: Percentages for Net Sales; Gross Profit; Selling, General and Administrative; Other Expense, Net; and Income Taxes are based on 
 actual values and may not recalculate due to rounding. 
 (1)
 Consists of consumable products, small equipment, laboratory products, large equipment, equipment repair services, branded and 
 generic pharmaceuticals, vaccines, surgical products, dental specialty products (including implant, orthodontic and endodontic 
 products), diagnostic tests, infection-control products, PPE products and vitamins. 
 (2)
 Consists of practice management software and other value-added products, which are distributed primarily to health care providers, 
 practice consultancy, education, revenue cycle management and financial services on a non-recourse basis, e-services, continuing 
 education services for practitioners, consulting and other services. 
 Global Sales 
 Global net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 2.0 based 
upon the components presented in the 
 table above. 
We estimate that sales for the year ended 
December 31, 2022 of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits 
 were approximately 1,245 million, an estimated decrease of 34.7 versus the prior 
year. 
Excluding PPE products 
 and COVID-19 test kits, 
the estimated increase in internally generated local currency sales was 6.7 . 
 Dental 
 Dental net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 0.9 based 
upon the components presented in the 
 table above. 
Our sales growth in local currency for dental merchandise decreased 
primarily due to a decrease in 
 PPE product sales. 
We estimate that global dental sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 of PPE products 
 were approximately 447 million, an estimated decrease of 32.5 versus the prior 
year. 
Excluding PPE products, 
 the estimated increase in internally generated local currency dental sales 
was 3.8 . 
Dental equipment sales in local 
 currency increased in both our North American and international markets, 
primarily due to increased demand. 

Table of Contents 
 51 
 Medical 
 Medical net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 5.7 based 
upon the components presented in 
 the table above. 
Globally, we estimate our medical business recorded sales of approximately 798 million of 
sales 
 of PPE products 
and COVID-19 test kits for the year ended December 31, 2022, an estimated 
decrease of 
 approximately 27.4 compared to the prior year. 
Excluding PPE products and COVID-19 test kits, the estimated 
 increase in internally generated local currency medical sales was 
2.1 . 
 Te
 chnology and value-added services 
 Technology and value-added services net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 11.8 based upon 
 the components presented in the table above. 
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the trend for transactional 
 software sales improved as we increased the number of users, generating demand 
for our sales cycle management 
 solutions, and also from cloud-based solutions that drive practice efficiency and patient engagement. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit and gross margin percentages by segment and in total were as follows: 
 Gross 
 Gross 
 Increase 
 2022 
 Margin 
 2021 
 Margin 

Health care distribution 

3,357 
 28.2 

3,239 
 27.6 

118 
 3.6 
 
 Technology and value-added services 
 474 
 65.5 
 435 
 67.2 
 39 
 9.0 
 Total 

3,831 
 30.3 
 
 3,674 
 29.6 
 
 157 
 4.3 
 As a result of different practices of categorizing costs associated with distribution networks 
throughout our 
 industry, our gross margins may not necessarily be comparable to other distribution companies. 
Additionally, we 
 realize substantially higher gross margin percentages in our technology and value-added services 
segment than in 
 our health care distribution segment. 
These higher gross margins result from being both the developer and seller of 
 software products and services, as well as certain financial services. 
The software industry typically realizes higher 
 gross margins to recover investments in research and development. 
 Within our health care distribution segment, gross profit margins may vary from one period to the next. 
Changes in 
 the mix of products sold as well as changes in our customer mix have 
been the most significant drivers affecting 
 our gross profit margin. 
For example, sales of our corporate brand products achieve 
gross profit margins that are 
 higher than average total gross profit margins of all products. 
With respect to customer mix, sales to our large-
 group customers are typically completed at lower gross margins due to the higher 
volumes sold as opposed to the 
 gross margin on sales to office-based practitioners, who normally purchase lower volumes. 

 Health care distribution gross profit increased primarily due to the increase 
in net sales discussed above. 
The 
 overall increase in our health care distribution gross profit was attributable to 
 67 million of gross profit from 
 acquisitions and gross margin expansion, mainly as a result of increased sales 
mix of higher-margin products. 
 Technology and value-added services gross profit increased as a result of an increase in gross profit from internally 
 generated sales and gross profit from acquisitions, partially offset by a decrease in 
gross margin rates. 
Gross 
 margin rates decreased primarily due to lower gross margins of recently acquired companies in 
the business 
 services sector and our continued investment in product development and customer 
service. 

Table of Contents 
 52 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses (consisting of selling, general and administrative 
expenses; depreciation and amortization, 
 restructuring and integration costs) by segment and in total were as follows: 
 of 
 of 
 Respective 
 Respective 
 Increase 
 2022 
 Net Sales 
 2021 
 Net Sales 

Health care distribution 

2,738 
 23.0 

2,512 
 21.4 

226 
 9.0 
 
 Technology and value-added services 

 346 
 47.8 
 310 
 48.0 
 36 
 11.4 
 Total 

3,084 
 24.4 
 
 2,822 
 22.8 
 
 262 
 9.3 
 The net increase in operating expenses is attributable to the 
following: 
 Change in 
 Restructuring and 
 Integration Costs 
 Increase in 
 Operating Costs 
 Acquisitions 
 Total 
 Health care distribution 

121 
 
 39 
 
 66 
 
 226 
 Technology and value-added services 
 2 
 20 
 14 
 36 
 Total 

123 
 
 59 
 
 80 
 
 262 
 The increase in restructuring and integration costs is attributable to our disposal 
of an unprofitable business, 
 acceleration of amortization of right-of-use lease assets related 
to the exit from one of the properties at our 
 corporate headquarters, severance costs, and other costs relating to 
the exit of some facilities. 
The increase in 
 operating costs includes a 20 million intangible assets impairment charge within 
our health care distribution 
 segment, and increases in payroll and payroll related costs and travel and convention 
expenses in both of our 
 reportable segments. 
While the U.S. economy has recently experienced inflationary 
pressures and strengthening of 
 the U.S dollar, their impacts have not been material to our results of operations. 

 Other Expense, Net 
 Other expense, net was as follows: 
 Variance 
 2022 
 2021 

Interest income 

17 
 
 7 
 
 10 
 158.9 
 
 Interest expense 

 (44) 
 (28) 
 (16) 
 (59.1) 
 Other, net 

 1 
 - 
 1 
 n/a 
 Other expense, net 

(26) 
 
 (21) 
 
 (5) 
 (26.0) 
 Interest income increased primarily due to increased interest rates. 
Interest expense increased primarily due to 
 increased borrowings and increased interest rates. 
 Income Taxes
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our effective tax rate was 23.5 compared to 23.8 
for the prior year 
 period. 
In 2022, the difference between our effective tax rate and the federal statutory tax rate primarily 
relates to 
 state and foreign income taxes and interest expense. 
In 2021, the difference between our effective tax rate and the 
 federal statutory tax rate was primarily due to state and foreign income 
taxes and interest expense. 
 Gain on Sale of Equity Investment 
 In the third quarter of 2021, we received contingent proceeds of 10 million 
from the 2019 sale of Hu-Friedy 
 resulting in the recognition of an additional after-tax gain of 7 
million. 
No further proceeds are expected from this 
 sale. 

Table of Contents 
 53 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal capital requirements have included funding of acquisitions, purchases 
of additional noncontrolling 
 interests, repayments of debt principal, the funding of working capital needs, 
purchases of fixed assets and 
 repurchases of common stock. 
Working capital requirements generally result from increased sales, special 
 inventory forward buy-in opportunities and payment terms for receivables 
and payables. 
Historically, sales have 
 tended to be stronger during the second half of the year and special inventory 
forward buy-in opportunities have 
 been most prevalent just before the end of the year, and have caused our working capital requirements 
to be higher 
 from the end of the third quarter to the end of the first quarter of 
the following year. 
 We finance our business primarily through cash generated from our operations, revolving credit facilities and debt 
 placements. 
Please see 
 Note 12 Debt 
 
for further information. 
Our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from 
 operations is dependent on the continued demand of our customers for our 
products and services, and access to 
 products and services from our suppliers. 
 Our business requires a substantial investment in working capital, which 
is susceptible to fluctuations during the 
 year as a result of inventory purchase patterns and seasonal demands. 
Inventory purchase activity is a function of 
 sales activity, special inventory forward buy-in opportunities and our desired level of inventory. 
We anticipate 
 future increases in our working capital requirements. 
 We finance our business to provide adequate funding for at least 12 months. 
Funding requirements are based on 
 forecasted profitability and working capital needs, which, on occasion, may 
change. 
Consequently, we may change 
 our funding structure to reflect any new requirements. 
 We believe that our cash and cash equivalents, our ability to access private debt markets and public equity markets, 
 and our available funds under existing credit facilities provide us with 
sufficient liquidity to meet our currently 
 foreseeable short-term and long-term capital needs. 

 Net cash provided by operating activities was 602 million for the 
year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net 
 cash from continuing operations provided by operating activities of 710 million 
for the prior year. 
The net change 
 of 108 million was primarily due to unfavorable net cash used by our working 
capital accounts, net of 
 acquisitions, driven by an impact of timing of payments which 
resulted in an increase in other current assets and 
 relative decreases in accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by the 
relative year over year impact 
 of inventory increases (2021 increase was more significant than the 
2022 increase). 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 276 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2022, compared to 677 
 million for the prior year. 
The net change of 401 million was primarily attributable to decreased payments 
for 
 equity investments and business acquisitions. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 315 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2022, compared to net cash 
 used in financing activities of 333 million for the prior year. 
The net change of 18 million was primarily due to 
 increased net borrowings from debt, partially offset by increased repurchases of common 
stock. 

Table of Contents 
 54 
 The following table summarizes selected measures of liquidity and capital 
resources: 
 December 31, 
 December 25, 
 2022 
 2021 
 Cash and cash equivalents 

117 
 
 118 
 Working 
capital 
 (1)
 1,764 
 1,537 
 Debt: 
 Bank credit lines 

103 
 
 51 
 Current maturities of long-term debt 

 6 
 11 
 Long-term debt 

 1,040 
 811 
 Total debt 

1,149 
 
 873 
 Leases: 
 Current operating lease liabilities 
 
 73 
 
 76 
 Non-current operating lease liabilities 
 275 
 268 
 (1) 

 Includes 327 million and 138 million of certain accounts receivable which serve as security for U.S. trade accounts receivable 
 securitization at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. 
 Our cash and cash equivalents consist of bank balances and investments 
in money market funds representing 
 overnight investments with a high degree of liquidity. 
 Accounts receivable days sales outstanding and inventory turns 
 Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding from operations 
increased to 41.9 days as of December 31, 2022 
 from 41.8 days as of December 25, 2021. 
During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 
25, 2021, we 
 wrote off approximately 10 million and 8 million, respectively, of fully reserved accounts receivable against our 
 trade receivable reserve. 
Our inventory turns from operations was 4.7 as of December 
31, 2022 and 5.2 as of 
 December 25, 2021. 
Our working capital accounts may be impacted by current and 
future economic conditions. 
 Contractual obligations 
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations related 
to fixed and variable rate long-term debt and 
 finance lease obligations, including interest (assuming a weighted 
average interest rate of 4.3 ), as well as 
 inventory purchase commitments and operating lease obligations 
as of December 31, 2022: 
 Payments due by period 
 5 years 
 Total 
 Contractual obligations: 
 Long-term debt, including interest 

41 
 
 508 
 
 134 
 
 538 
 
 1,221 
 Inventory purchase commitments 

 5 
 8 
 8 
 - 
 21 
 Operating lease obligations 

 82 
 122 
 79 
 98 
 381 
 Transition tax obligations 

 19 
 23 
 - 
 - 
 42 
 Finance lease obligations, including interest 

 5 
 4 
 1 
 1 
 11 
 Total 

152 
 
 665 
 
 222 
 
 637 
 
 1,676 
 For information relating to our debt please see 
 Note 12 Debt 
 . 

Table of Contents 
 55 
 Leases 
 We have operating and finance leases for corporate offices, office space, distribution and other facilities, vehicles 
 and certain equipment. 
Our leases have remaining terms of less than one year to approximately 
19 years, some of 
 which may include options to extend the leases for up to 15 years. 
As of December 31, 2022, our right-of-use 
 assets related to operating leases were 284 million and our current and non-current 
operating lease liabilities were 
 73 million and 275 million, respectively. 
Please see 
 Note 6 Leases 
 
for further information. 
 Stock Repurchases 
 On March 8, 2021, we announced the reinstatement of our share repurchase 
program, which had been temporarily 
 suspended in April of 2020. 
 From March 3, 2003 through December 31, 2022, we repurchased 4.5 
billion, or 87,180,669 shares, under our 
 common stock repurchase programs, with 115 million available as of December 31, 2022 for future 
common stock 
 share repurchases. 
 On February 8, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase 
of up to an additional 400 million in shares 
 of our common stock. 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
 Some minority stockholders in certain of our consolidated subsidiaries have 
the right, at certain times, to require us 
 to acquire their ownership interest in those entities. 
Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480-10 is 
 applicable for noncontrolling interests where we are or may be required 
to purchase all or a portion of the 
 outstanding interest in a consolidated subsidiary from the noncontrolling 
interest holder under the terms of a put 
 option contained in contractual agreements. 
As of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, our balance 
for 
 redeemable noncontrolling interests was 576 million and 613 million, respectively. 
Please see 
 Note 18 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
 
for further information. 
 Unrecognized tax benefits 

 As more fully disclosed in 
 Note 13 Income Taxes 
 
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, we cannot 
 reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows related to the unrecognized 
tax benefits, including accrued 
 interest, of 94 million as of December 31, 2022. 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
 Our accounting policies are more fully described in 
 Note 1 Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting 
 Policies 
 
of the consolidated financial statements. 
The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires us 
 to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues 
and expenses and 
 related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. 
We base our estimates on historical data, when available, 
 experience, industry and market trends, and on various other assumptions 
that are believed to be reasonable under 
 the circumstances, the combined results of which form the basis for 
making judgments about the carrying values of 
 assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. 
We believe that the estimates, judgments and 
 assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information 
available to us at the time that these 
 estimates, judgments and assumptions are made. 
However, by their nature, estimates are subject to various 
 assumptions and uncertainties. 
Therefore, reported results may differ from estimates and any such differences may 
 be material to our consolidated financial statements. 

 We believe that the following critical accounting estimates, which have been discussed with the Audit Committee 
 of our Board of Directors, affect the significant estimates and judgments used in 
the preparation of our financial 
 statements: 

Table of Contents 
 56 
 Inventories and Reserves
 Inventories consist primarily of finished goods and are valued at 
the lower of cost or net realizable value. 
Cost is 
 determined by the first-in, first-out method for merchandise or actual cost 
for large equipment and high tech 
 equipment. 
In estimating carrying value of inventory, we consider many factors including the condition and 
 salability of the inventory by reviewing on-hand quantities, historical sales, 
forecasted sales and market and 
 economic trends. 
Certain of our products, specifically PPE and COVID-19 test kits, have experienced 
changes in 
 net realizable value, due to volatility of pricing and changes in demand 
for these products. 

 Business Combinations 
 The estimated fair value of acquired identifiable intangible assets (trademarks 
and trade names, customer 
 relationships and lists, non-compete agreements and product development) 
is based on critical estimates, judgments 
 and assumptions derived from: analysis of market conditions; discount 
rates; projected cash flows; customer 
 retention rates; and estimated useful lives. 
Please see 
 Note 4 Business Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 
for further 
 discussion of our acquisitions. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill is subject to impairment analysis at least once annually as of 
the first day of our fourth quarter, or if an 
 event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than 
not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit 
 below its carrying value. 
Such impairment analyses for goodwill require a comparison of 
the fair value to the 
 carrying value of reporting units. 
We regard our reporting units to be our operating segments: global dental, 
global 
 medical, and technology and value-added services. 
Goodwill is allocated to such reporting units, for the purposes 
 of preparing our impairment analyses, based on a specific identification 
basis. 

 Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including 
the identification of reporting units, 
 assignment of assets and liabilities that are considered shared services 
to the reporting units, and ultimately the 
 determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. 
The fair value of each reporting unit is calculated by 
 applying the discounted cash flow methodology and confirming with 
a market approach. 
There are inherent 
 uncertainties, however, related to fair value models, the inputs and our judgments in applying them 
to this analysis. 

 The most significant inputs include estimation of detailed future cash flows based 
on budget expectations, and 
 determination of comparable companies to develop a weighted average 
cost of capital for each reporting unit. 

 On an annual basis, we prepare annual and 
medium-term financial projections. 
These projections are based on 
 input from our leadership and are presented annually to our Board of Directors. 
Influences on this year's forecasted 
 financial information and the fair value model include: the impact of planned 
strategic initiatives, the continued 
 integration of recent acquisitions and overall market conditions. 
The estimates used to calculate the fair value of a 
 reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, 
market conditions, and other factors.
 Our third-party valuation specialists provide inputs into our determination 
of the discount rate. 
The rate is 
 dependent on a number of underlying assumptions, including the risk-free rate, 
tax rate, equity risk premium, debt 
 to equity ratio 
and pre-tax cost of debt. 
 Long-term growth rates are applied to our estimation of future cash flows. 
The long-term growth rates are tied to 
 growth rates we expect to achieve beyond the years for which we have 
forecasted operating results. 
We also 
 consider external benchmarks, and other data points which we believe are 
applicable to our industry and the 
 composition of our global operations. 
 Based on our quantitative assessment for the year ended December 31, 2022, 
we recorded a 20 million impairment 
 of goodwill relating to the disposal of an unprofitable business whose 
estimated fair value was lower than its 
 carrying value. 
As part of our analysis for the rest of the goodwill balance, 
we performed a sensitivity analysis on 
 the discount rate and long-term growth rate assumptions. 
The sensitivities did not result in any additional 
 impairment charges. 

Table of Contents 
 57 
 Definite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 Annually, definite-lived intangible assets such as non-compete agreements, trademarks, trade names, customer 
 relationships and lists, and product development are reviewed for impairment 
indicators. 
If any impairment 
 indicators exist, quantitative testing is performed on the asset. 
 The quantitative impairment model is a two-step test under which we 
first calculate the recoverability of the 
 carrying value by comparing the undiscounted, probability-weighted value 
of the projected cash flows associated 
 with the asset or asset group, including its estimated residual value, to 
the carrying amount. 
If the cash flows 
 associated with the asset or asset group are less than the carrying value, 
we would perform a fair value assessment 
 of the asset, or asset group. 
If the carrying amount is found to be greater than the fair value, we record an 
 impairment loss for the excess of book value over the fair value. 
In addition, in all cases of an impairment review, 
 we re-evaluate the remaining useful lives of the assets and modify them, 
as appropriate. 
Although we believe our 
 judgments, estimates and/or assumptions used in estimating cash flows 
and determining fair value are reasonable, 
 making material changes to such judgments, estimates and/or assumptions 
could materially affect such impairment 
 analyses and our financial results. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 
and December 26, 2020, we recorded total 
 impairment charges on intangible assets of approximately 49 million 34 million 
related to impairment of 
 customer lists and relationships attributable to customer attrition rates being higher 
than expected in certain 
 businesses and 15 million due to the disposal of an unprofitable 
business), 1 million and 20 million, 
 respectively. 
For the year ended December 31, 2022 impairment charges were recorded 
within our health care 
 distribution segment. 
For the years ended December 25, 2021 and December 26, 
2020, impairment charges were 
 recorded within our health care distribution and technology and value-added services 
segments. 

 Income Tax 
 When determining if the realization of the deferred tax asset is likely by assessing 
the need for a valuation 
 allowance, estimates and judgement are required. 

 We 
 consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, 
 including estimated future taxable earnings, ongoing planning strategies, 
future reversals of existing temporary 
 differences and historical operating results. 
Additionally, changes to tax laws and statutory tax rates can have an 
 impact on our determination. 
Our intention is to evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets quarterly. 

 ASC Topic 740 prescribes the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements in 
 accordance with other provisions contained within this guidance. 
This topic prescribes a recognition threshold and 
 a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement 
of tax positions taken or expected 
 to be taken in a tax return. 
For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely 
than not to be 
 sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities. 
The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of 
 benefit that has a greater than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate 
audit settlement. 
In the normal course of 
 business, our tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing 
authorities. 
Such examinations may result in 
 future tax and interest assessments by these taxing authorities for uncertain 
tax positions taken in respect of certain 
 tax matters. 
Please see 
 Note 13 Income Taxes 
 
for further discussion. 
 The FASB Staff Q A, Topic 
740 No. 5, Accounting for Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income GILTI ), states 
 that an entity can make an accounting policy election to either recognize deferred 
taxes for temporary differences 
 expected to reverse as GILTI in future years or provide for the tax expense related to GILTI in the year the tax is 
 incurred. 
We elected to recognize the tax on GILTI 
as a period expense in the period the tax is incurred. 

 Accounting Standards Update
 For a discussion of accounting standards updates that have been adopted 
or will be adopted in the future, please see 
 Note 1 Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 
 
included under Item 8. 

Table of Contents 
 58 
 ITEM 7A. 
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 We are exposed to market risks as well as changes in foreign currency exchange rates as measured against the U.S. 
 dollar and each other, and changes to the credit markets. 
We attempt to minimize these risks by primarily using 
 foreign currency forward contracts and by maintaining counter-party credit limits. 
These hedging activities provide 
 only limited protection against currency exchange and credit risks. 
Factors that could influence the effectiveness of 
 our hedging programs include currency markets and availability of hedging 
instruments and liquidity of the credit 
 markets. 
All foreign currency forward contracts that we enter into are components 
of hedging programs and are 
 entered into for the sole purpose of hedging an existing or anticipated 
currency exposure. 
We do not enter into such 
 contracts for speculative purposes and we manage our credit risks by diversifying 
our investments, maintaining a 
 strong balance sheet and having multiple sources of capital. 
 Foreign Currency Agreements 
 The value of certain foreign currencies as compared to the U.S. dollar 
and the value of certain underlying functional 
 currencies of the Company, including its foreign subsidiaries, may affect our financial results. 
Fluctuations in 
 exchange rates may positively or negatively affect our revenues, gross margins, operating expenses 
and retained 
 earnings, all of which are 
expressed in U.S. dollars. 
Where we deem it prudent, we engage in hedging programs 
 using primarily foreign currency forward contracts aimed at limiting 
the impact of foreign currency exchange rate 
 fluctuations on earnings. 
We purchase short-term (i.e., generally 18 months or less) foreign currency forward 
 contracts to protect against currency exchange risks associated with intercompany 
loans due from our international 
 subsidiaries and the payment of merchandise purchases to foreign 
suppliers. 
We do not hedge the translation of 
 foreign currency profits into U.S. dollars, as we regard this as an accounting 
exposure, not an economic 
 exposure. 
A hypothetical 5 change in the average value of the U.S. dollar 
in 2022 compared to foreign currencies 
 would have changed our 2022 reported Net income attributable to Henry 
Schein, Inc. by approximately 7 million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had forward foreign currency exchange 
agreements, which expire through November 
 16, 2023, with a fair value of 23 million as determined by quoted market 
prices. 
Included in the forward foreign 
 currency exchange agreements, Henry Schein, Inc. had net investment 
designated EUR/USD forward contracts 
 with notional values of approximately 200 million, with a reported fair value 
of these contracts of 20 million. 
A 
 5 increase in the value of the Euro to the USD from December 31, 2022, 
with all other variables held constant, 
 would have had an unfavorable effect on the fair value of these forward contracts 
by decreasing the value of these 
 instruments by 10 million. 
 Total 
Return Swaps 
 On March 20, 2020, we entered into a total return swap for the purpose 
of economically hedging our unfunded non-
 qualified supplemental retirement plan SERP and our deferred compensation 
plan DCP ). 
This swap will 
 offset changes in our SERP and DCP liabilities. 
At the inception, the notional value of the investments in these 
 plans was 43 million. 
At December 31, 2022, the notional value of the investments 
in these plans was 78 
 million. 
At December 31, 2022, the financing blended rate for 
this swap was based on LIBOR of 4.03 plus 
 0.55 , for a combined rate of 4.58 . 
For the years ended December 31, 2022 ended and December 
25, 2021, we 
 have recorded a gain/(loss), within the selling, general and administrative 
line item in our consolidated statement of 
 income, of approximately (17) million and 12 million, respectively, net of transaction costs, related to this 
 undesignated swap. 
This swap is expected to be renewed on an annual basis after its current 
expiration date of 
 March 31, 2023, and is expected to result in a neutral impact to our results 
of operations. 

 Short-Term Investments 
 We limit our credit risk with respect to our cash equivalents, short-term investments and derivative instruments, by 
 monitoring the credit worthiness of the financial institutions who are 
the counterparties to such financial 
 instruments. 
As a risk management policy, we limit the amount of credit exposure by diversifying and utilizing 
 numerous investment grade counterparties. 

Table of Contents 
 59 
 Variable 
Interest Rate Debt 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had variable interest rate exposure for certain 
of our revolving credit facilities and 
 our U.S. trade accounts receivable securitization. 
 Our revolving credit facility which we entered into on August 20, 2021 
and expires on August 20, 2026, has an 
 interest rate that is based on the U.S. Dollar LIBOR plus a spread based on 
our leverage ratio at the end of each 
 financial reporting quarter. 
As of December 31, 2022, there was 0 million outstanding under this 
revolving credit 
 facility. 
During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings under 
this revolving credit facility. 
 Our U.S trade accounts receivable securitization, which we entered 
into on April 17, 2013 and expires on 
 December 15, 2025, has an interest rate that is based upon the asset-backed 
commercial paper rate. 
As of 
 December 31, 2022, the commercial paper rate was 4.58 plus 0.75 , 
for a combined rate of 5.33 . 
At 
 December 31, 2022 the outstanding balance was 330 million under 
this securitization facility. 
During the year 
 ended December 31, 2022, the average outstanding balance under this securitization 
facility was approximately 
 166 million. 
Based upon our average outstanding balance for this securitization 
facility, for each hypothetical 
 increase of 25 basis points, our interest expense thereunder would have 
increased by 0.4 million. 

Table of Contents 
 60 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC. 
 Page 
 Number
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 BDO USA, LLP; New York, 
NY; PCAOB 
 ID# 
 61 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 : 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 

63 
 Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 
 December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020 
 64 
 Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 
 December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020 
 65 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended 

December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020 
 66 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 
 December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020 
 67 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 68 

Note 1 Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 
 68 

Note 2 Net Sales from Contracts with Customers 

78 

Note 3 Segment and Geographic Data 

79 

Note 4 Business Acquisitions and Divestiture 
 81 

Note 5 Property and Equipment, Net 

85 

Note 6 Leases 

86 

Note 7 Goodwill and Other Intangibles, Net 

88 

Note 8 Investments and Other 

89 

Note 9 Fair Value Measurements 

90 

Note 10 Concentrations of Risk 

92 

Note 11 Derivatives and Hedging Activities 

92 

Note 12 Debt 

94 

Note 13 Income Taxes 

97 

Note 14 Plans of Restructuring and Integration Costs 

101 

Note 15 Commitments and Contingencies 

103 

Note 16 Stock-Based Compensation 

105 

Note 17 Employee Benefit Plans 

108 

Note 18 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 

111 

Note 19 Comprehensive Income 

111 

Note 20 Discontinued Operations 

113 

Note 21 Earnings Per Share 

114 

Note 22 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 115 

Note 23 Related Party Transactions 
 115 
 All other schedules are omitted because the required information is either 
inapplicable or is included in the consolidated 
 financial statements or the notes thereto.

Table of Contents 
 61 
 Report Of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 

 Henry Schein, Inc. 
 Melville, NY 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 We 
have 
audited 
the 
accompanying 
consolidated 
balance 
sheets 
of 
Henry 
Schein, 
Inc. 
(the 
 Company 
as 
of 
 December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, 
 stockholders equity, 
and cash 
flows for 
each of 
the three 
years in 
the 
period ended 
December 31, 
2022, and 
the 
 related notes 
(collectively referred to 
as the 
 consolidated financial statements ). 
In our 
opinion, the 
consolidated 
 financial statements 
present fairly, 
in all 
material respects, the 
financial position of 
the Company 
at December 
31, 
 2022 and 
December 25, 2021, 
and the 
results of its 
operations and its 
cash flows for 
each of 
the three 
years in the 
 period ended December 31, 
2022, in conformity with 
accounting principles generally accepted in 
the United States 
 of America. 
 We 
also 
have 
audited, 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
standards 
of 
the 
Public 
Company 
Accounting 
Oversight 
Board 
 (United 
States) PCAOB ), 
the 
Company's 
internal 
control 
over 
financial 
reporting 
as 
of 
December 
31, 
2022, 
 based 
on 
criteria 
established 
in 
Internal 
Control 
 
Integrated 
Framework 
(2013) 
issued 
by 
the 
Committee 
of 
 Sponsoring 
Organizations 
of 
the 
Treadway 
Commission COSO 
and 
our 
report 
dated 
February 
21, 
2023, 
 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are 
the responsibility of the 
Company s management. Our 
responsibility is 
 to 
express 
an 
opinion 
on 
the 
Company s 
consolidated 
financial 
statements 
based 
on 
our 
audits. 
We 
are 
a 
public 
 accounting 
firm 
registered 
with 
the 
PCAOB 
and 
are 
required 
to 
be 
independent 
with 
respect 
to 
the 
Company 
in 
 accordance 
with 
the 
U.S. 
federal 
securities 
laws 
and 
the 
applicable 
rules 
and 
regulations 
of 
the 
Securities 
and 
 Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We 
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 
 perform 
the 
audit 
to 
obtain 
reasonable 
assurance 
about 
whether 
the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements 
are 
free 
of 
 material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks 
 of 
material 
misstatement 
of 
the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements, 
whether 
due 
to 
error 
or 
fraud, 
and 
performing 
 procedures that respond to those risks. 
Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the 
 amounts 
and 
disclosures 
in 
the 
consolidated 
financial 
statements. 
Our 
audits 
also 
included 
evaluating 
the 
 accounting 
principles 
used 
and 
significant 
estimates 
made 
by 
management, 
as 
well 
as 
evaluating 
the 
overall 
 presentation of the consolidated financial 
statements. 
We 
believe that our audits provide 
a reasonable basis for our 
 opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the 
current period audit of the consolidated 
 financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated 
to the audit committee and that: (1) 
 relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated 
financial statements and (2) involved our 
 especially challenging, subjective, 
or complex judgments. The communication of the critical 
audit matter does not 
 alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken 
as a whole, and we are not, by 
 communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the 
 accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Table of Contents 
 62 
 Revenue growth rates utilized in 
the determination of the fair 
value of acquired customer relationships 
for a 
 certain acquisition 
 As described in 
Note 4 of 
the consolidated financial 
statements, the Company 
acquired several companies in 
the 
 current year. 
As a 
result of 
the acquisitions, 
management was 
required to 
determine estimated 
fair values 
of the 
 assets 
acquired 
and 
liabilities 
assumed, 
including 
certain 
identifiable 
intangible 
assets. 
In 
some 
instances, 
 management 
utilized 
third-party 
valuation 
specialists 
to 
assist 
in 
the 
preparation 
of 
the 
valuation 
of 
certain 
 identifiable intangible assets. 
Management exercised judgment to 
develop and select 
revenue growth rates 
in the 
 measurement of the fair value of the customer relationships. 
 We 
identified 
the 
revenue 
growth 
rates 
utilized 
in 
the 
determination 
of 
the 
fair 
value 
of 
acquired 
customer 
 relationships 
for 
a 
certain 
acquisition, 
as 
a 
critical 
audit 
matter. 
The 
principal 
considerations 
for 
our 
 determination included the 
subjectivity and judgment 
required to determine 
the revenue growth 
rates used 
in the 
 fair 
value 
measurement 
of 
acquired 
customer 
relationships 
for 
a 
certain 
acquisition. 
Auditing 
these 
revenue 
 growth rates involved especially subjective auditor judgment due to 
the nature and extent of audit effort required. 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter 
included: 
 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of the revenue growth rates by i) 
reviewing the historical performance 
 of the acquired company using its audited financial statements and 
(ii) assessing revenue projections 
 against industry metrics and peer-group companies. 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1984. 
 
 February 21, 2023 

Table of Contents 
 63 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except share data) 
 December 31, 
 December 25, 
 2022 
 2021 
 ASSETS 
 Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of reserves of 

and 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Other intangibles, net 

Investments and other 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS AND 
 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Current liabilities: 
 Accounts payable 

Bank credit lines 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accrued expenses: 
 Payroll and related 

Taxes 

Other 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt 

Deferred income taxes 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

Commitments and contingencies 

 (nil)
 (nil)
 Stockholders' equity: 
 Preferred stock, 

par value, 

shares authorized, 

outstanding 

Common stock, 

par value, 

shares authorized, 

outstanding on December 31, 2022 and 

outstanding on December 25, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

 )
 )
 Total Henry Schein, Inc. stockholders' equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling 
interests and stockholders' equity 

Table of Contents 
 64 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS 
OF INCOME 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 Years 
Ended 
 December 31, 
 December 25, 
 December 26, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Net sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 
 Selling, general and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Restructuring and integration costs 

Operating income 

Other income (expense): 
 Interest income 

Interest expense 

 )
 )
 )
 Other, net 

)
 Income from continuing operations before taxes, equity in 

 earnings of affiliates and noncontrolling interests 

Income taxes 

 )
 )
 )
 Equity in earnings of affiliates 

Gain on sale of equity investment 

Net income from continuing operations 

Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Net Income 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 )
 )
 )
 Net income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. 

Amounts attributable to Henry Schein, Inc.: 
 Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Net income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. 

Earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to 
 Henry Schein, Inc.: 
 Basic 

Diluted 

Earnings per share from discontinued operations attributable to Henry 
 Schein, Inc.: 
 Basic 

Diluted 

Earnings per share attributable to Henry Schein, Inc.: 
 Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted-average common 
shares outstanding: 
 Basic 

Diluted 

Table of Contents 
 65 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS 
OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in millions) 
 Years 
Ended 
 December 31, 
 December 25, 
 December 26, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Net income 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax: 
 Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 

 )
 )
 
 Unrealized gain (loss) from foreign currency hedging activities 

)
 Pension adjustment gain 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

 )
 )
 
 Comprehensive income 

Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests: 

 Net income 

 )
 )
 )
 Foreign currency translation loss 

Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

 )
 )
 )
 Comprehensive income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. 

Table of Contents 
 66 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS 
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 
 Accumulated 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 

Other 
 Total 

 .01 Par Value 
 Paid-in 
 Retained 

 Comprehensive 
 Noncontrolling 

 Stockholders' 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 
Capital 
 Earnings 
 
Income (Loss) 
 Interests 
 Equity 
 Balance, December 28, 2019 

)

Net income (excluding 

attributable to Redeemable 
 noncontrolling interests from continuing operations) 
 - 

Foreign currency translation gain (excluding loss of 
 
 attributable to Redeemable noncontrolling interests) 
 - 

Unrealized loss from foreign currency hedging activities, 

 net of tax benefit of 
 
 - 

)
 
 )
 Dividends paid 

 - 

)
 )
 Purchase of noncontrolling interests 

 - 
 
 )

)
 )
 Change in fair value of redeemable securities 

 - 
 
 )

)
 Noncontrolling interests and adjustments related to 

 business acquisitions 

 - 

Repurchase and retirement of common stock 

 )
 
 )
 )

)
 Stock-based compensation expense 

Shares withheld for payroll taxes 

 )
 
 )

)
 Separation of Animal Health business 
 - 

Transfer of charges in excess of capital 

 - 

)

Balance, December 26, 2020 

)

Net income (excluding 

attributable to Redeemable 
 noncontrolling interests from continuing operations) 
 - 

Foreign currency translation loss (excluding loss of 
 
 attributable to Redeemable noncontrolling interests) 
 - 

)
 
 )
 Unrealized gain from foreign currency hedging activities, 

 net of tax of 
 
 - 

Pension adjustment gain, including tax of 
 
 - 

Dividends paid 

 - 

)
 )
 Change in fair value of redeemable securities 

 - 
 
 )

)
 Noncontrolling interests and adjustments related to 

 business acquisitions 

 - 

Repurchase and retirement of common stock 

 )
 
 )
 )

)
 Stock-based compensation expense 

Shares withheld for payroll taxes 

 )
 
 )

)
 Transfer of charges in excess of capital 

 - 

)

Balance, December 25, 2021 

)

Net income (excluding 

attributable to Redeemable 
 noncontrolling interests from continuing operations) 
 - 

Foreign currency translation loss (excluding loss of 
 
 attributable to Redeemable noncontrolling interests) 
 - 

)
 )
 )
 Unrealized gain from foreign currency hedging activities, 

 net of tax of 
 
 - 

Pension adjustment gain, including tax of 
 
 - 

Dividends paid 

 - 

)
 )
 Purchase of noncontrolling interests 

 - 

)
 )
 Change in fair value of redeemable securities 

 - 

Noncontrolling interests and adjustments related to 

 business acquisitions 

 - 

Repurchase and retirement of common stock 

 )
 
 )
 )

)
 Stock issued upon exercise of stock options 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Shares withheld for payroll taxes 

 )
 
 )

)
 Settlement of stock-based compensation awards 

 )

Transfer of charges in excess of capital 

 - 

)

Balance, December 31, 2022 

)

Table of Contents 
 67 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS 
OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 
 Years Ended 
 December 31, 
 December 25, 
 December 26, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Net income 

Income from discontinued operations 

Income from continuing operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided 
by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment charge on intangible assets 

Non-cash restructuring charges 

Gain on sale of equity investment 
 
 )
 )
 Stock-based compensation expense 

Provision for (benefits from) losses on trade and other 
accounts receivable 

)
 
 Benefit from deferred income taxes 

 )
 )
 )
 Equity in earnings of affiliates 

 )
 )
 )
 Distributions from equity affiliates 

Changes in unrecognized tax benefits 

)
 )
 Other 

 )
 )
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 
 Accounts receivable 

 )
 
 )
 Inventories 

 )
 )
 )
 Other current assets 

 )
 
 )
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

 )

Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing 
operations 

Net cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Purchases of fixed assets 

 )
 )
 )
 Payments related to equity investments and business 
 acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

 )
 )
 )
 Proceeds from sale of equity investment 

Proceeds from (repayments to) loan to affiliate 
 
 )
 )
 Other 

 )
 )
 )
 Net cash used in investing activities 

 )
 )
 )
 Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Net change in bank borrowings 

)
 
 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 

Principal payments for long-term debt 

 )
 )
 )
 Debt issuance costs 

)
 )
 Proceeds from issuance of stock upon exercise of stock options 

Payments for repurchases of common stock 

 )
 )
 )
 Payments for taxes related to shares withheld for employee 
taxes 
 )
 )
 )
 Distributions to noncontrolling shareholders 
 )
 )
 )
 Acquisitions of noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 

 )
 )
 )
 Proceeds from Henry Schein Animal Health Business 

Net cash used in financing activities from continuing 
operations 
 )
 )
 )
 Net cash used in financing activities from discontinued 
operations 

)
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 )
 )
 )
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents from continuing 
operations 
 )
 )
 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents from continuing 
operations 
 )
 )
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 68 

million and 

million, respectively, and the liabilities of this VIE where the 
 creditors have recourse to us were 

million and 

million, respectively.

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 69 

-

week basis ending on the last Saturday of December. 
 The year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of 

weeks, and the years ended, December 25, 2021 and December 
 26, 2020 consisted of 

weeks.

million and 

million, respectively, for warranty costs. 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 70 

See 
 Note 2 Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 
for additional disclosures of disaggregated net sales and 
 Note 3 Segment and Geographic Data 
 
for disclosures of net sales by segment and geographic data. 

million, 

million and 

million for the years ended December 31, 
 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020.

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 71 

million, 

million and 

million for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 
and 
 December 26, 2020.

million, 

million and 

million for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 
and 
 December 26, 2020.

million and 

million, primarily related to 
 payments for inventory, were classified as accounts payable as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021.

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 72 

million, 

million and 

million as of December 31, 2022, 
 December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020, respectively. 
Additions to the allowance for the years ended 
 December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020 were 

million, 

million and 

million. 

 Deductions to the allowance for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 
25, 2021 and December 26, 2020 
 were 

million, 

million and 

million. 

 Contract Assets 
 Contract assets include amounts related to any conditional right to consideration 
for work completed but not billed 
 as of the reporting date, and generally represent amounts owed to us by 
customers, but not yet billed. 
Contract 
 assets are transferred to accounts receivable when the right becomes unconditional. 
The contract assets primarily 
 relate to our bundled arrangements for the sale of equipment and consumables 
and sales of term software licenses. 

 Current contract assets are included in Prepaid expenses and other and the non-current 
contract assets are included 
 in investments and other within our consolidated balance sheets. 
Current and non-current contract asset balances as 
 of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 were not material. 
 Contract Liabilities 
 Contract liabilities are comprised of advance payments and upfront payments 
for service arrangements provided 
 over time that are accounted for as deferred revenue amounts. 
Contract liabilities are transferred to revenue once 
 the performance obligation has been satisfied. 
Current contract liabilities are included in accrued expenses: Other 
 and the non-current contract liabilities are included in other liabilities 
within our consolidated balance sheets. 
At 
 December 25, 2021, the current portion of contract liabilities of 

million was reported in accrued expenses: 
 Other, and 

million related to non-current contract liabilities was reported 
in other liabilities. 
During the year 
 ended December 31, 2022, 
we recognized substantially all of the current contract liability amounts 
that were 
 previously deferred at December 25, 2021. 
At December 31, 2022, the current and non-current portion of contract 
 liabilities were 

million and 

million, respectively.

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 73 

(see 
 Note 5 Property and Equipment, Net 
 
for estimated useful 
 lives). 

Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line 
basis 
 over the lease term. 
Expenses associated with operating leases and finance leases 
are included in selling, general 
 and administrative 
and interest expense , respectively within our consolidated statement 
of income. 
Short-term 
 leases with a term of 12 months or less are not capitalized. 
During the years ended December 31, 2022, December 
 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020, such short-term lease expense was 

million, 

million, and 

million, 
 respectively. 
 We 
 have lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are 
generally accounted for as a single 
 lease component, except non-lease components for leases of vehicles, which 
are accounted for separately. 
When a 
 vehicle lease contains both lease and non-lease components, we allocate the 
transaction price based on the relative 
 standalone selling price.

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 74 

million impairment of goodwill relating to the disposal 
 of an unprofitable business whose estimated fair value was lower than 
its carrying value. 
The disposal of this 
 business is part of our restructuring initiative as more fully discussed 
in

Note 14 Plans of Restructuring and 
 Integration Costs 
 . 

t 
 result in any impairments.

million, 

million and 

million, respectively, as more fully 
 discussed in

Note 7 Goodwill and Other Intangibles, Net 
 . 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 75 

. 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 78 
 
 Note 1 Basis of Presentation and Significant 
 Accounting Policies 
 . 

Medical 

Total health care distribution 

Technology 
and value-added services 

Net sales 

Year 
Ended 
 December 25, 2021 
 North America 
 International 
 Global 
 Net Sales: 
 Health care distribution 
 Dental 

Medical 

Total health care distribution 

Technology 
and value-added services 

Net sales 

Year 
Ended 
 December 26, 2020 
 North America 
 International 
 Global 
 Net Sales: 
 Health care distribution 
 Dental 

Medical 

Total health care distribution 

Technology 
and value-added services 

Total excluding 
Corporate TSA net sales
 
(1)

Corporate TSA net sales
 
(1)

Net sales 

(1) 
 Corporate TSA net sales represents sales of certain animal health products to Covetrus under the transition services agreement 
 entered into in connection with the Animal Health Spin-off, which ended in December 2020.

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 79 

reportable segments: (i) health care distribution and (ii) technology 
and 
 value-added services. 
These segments offer different products and services to the same customer base. 
Our global 
 dental businesses serve office-based dental practitioners, dental laboratories, schools, government 
and other 
 institutions. 
Our medical businesses serve physician offices, urgent care centers, ambulatory care sites, 
emergency 
 medical technicians, dialysis centers, home health, federal and state governments 
and large enterprises, such as 
 group practices and integrated delivery networks, among other providers 
across a wide range of specialties. 
Our 
 global dental and medical groups serve practitioners in 

countries worldwide. 
 The health care distribution reportable segment aggregates our global dental 
and medical operating segments. 
This 
 segment distributes consumable products, dental specialty products, small 
equipment, laboratory products, large 
 equipment, equipment repair services, branded and generic pharmaceuticals, 
vaccines, surgical products, diagnostic 
 tests, infection-control products, PPE and vitamins. 

 Our global technology and value-added services reportable segment provides 
software, technology and other value-
 added services to health care practitioners. 
Our technology offerings include practice management software 
 systems for dental and medical practitioners. 
Our value-added practice solutions include practice consultancy, 
 education, revenue cycle management and financial services on a non-recourse 
basis, e-services, practice 
 technology, network and hardware services, as well as continuing education services for practitioners. 
 The following tables present information about our reportable and operating 
segments:

Medical 

Total health care distribution 

Technology 
and value-added services 
 (2)

Total excluding 
Corporate TSA net sales 

Corporate TSA net sales
 (3)

Total 

(1)

See 
 Note-23 Related Party Transactions 
 
for further 
 information. 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 80 

Technology 
and value-added services 

Total 

Income from continuing operations before 
taxes 

and equity in earnings of affiliates: 
 Health care distribution 

Technology 
and value-added services 

Total 

Depreciation and Amortization: 
 Health care distribution 

Technology 
and value-added services 

Total 

Interest Income: 
 Health care distribution 

Technology 
and value-added services 

Total 

Interest Expense: 
 Health care distribution 

Total 

Income Tax 
Expense: 
 Health care distribution 

Technology 
and value-added services 

Total 

Purchases of Fixed Assets: 
 Health care distribution 

Technology 
and value-added services 

Total 

As of 
 December 31, 
 December 25, 
 December 26, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Total 
Assets: 
 Health care distribution 

Technology 
and value-added services 

Total 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 81 
 
 of consolidated net sales. 
There 
 were no material amounts of sales or transfers among geographic areas 
and there were no material amounts of 
 export sales.

Other 

Consolidated total 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 82 
 
 to 
 
 . 
Acquisitions 
 within our health care distribution segment included companies that 
specialize in the distribution of dental products. 
 Within our technology and value-added services segment, we acquired a company that educates and 
connects 
 dental office managers, practice administrators and dental business leaders across 
North America. 

 The following table aggregates the estimated fair value, as of the 
date of acquisition, of consideration paid and net 
 assets acquired for acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
Approximately half of the acquired 
 goodwill is deductible for tax purposes.

Deferred consideration 
 
 Fair value of previously held equity method investment 
 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 
 Total consideration 

Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 
 Current assets 

Intangible assets 
 
 Other noncurrent assets 
 
 Current liabilities 
 )
 Deferred income taxes 
 )
 Other noncurrent liabilities 
 )
 Total identifiable 
net assets 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Total net assets acquired 

-
 
 Trademark / Tradename 

Non-compete agreements 

-
 
 Other 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 83 
 
 to 
 
 . 

 Acquisitions within our health care distribution segment included companies 
that specialize in the distribution and 
 manufacturing of dental and medical products, a provider of home 
medical supplies, and a provider of product 
 kitting and sterile packaging. 
Within our technology and value-added services segment, we acquired companies 
 that focus on dental marketing and website solutions, practice transition 
services, revenue cycle management, and 
 business analytics and intelligence software. 
Approximately half of the acquired goodwill is deductible for tax 
 purposes. 

The following table aggregates the estimated fair value, as of the date of 
acquisition, of consideration paid and net 
 assets acquired for acquisitions during the year ended December 25, 2021.

Deferred consideration 
 
 Estimated fair value of contingent consideration receivable 
 )
 Fair value of previously held equity method investment 
 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 
 Total consideration 

Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 
 Current assets 

Intangible assets 
 
 Other noncurrent assets 
 
 Current liabilities 
 )
 Deferred income taxes 
 )
 Other noncurrent liabilities 
 )
 Total identifiable 
net assets 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Total net assets acquired 

-
 
 Trademark / Tradename 

-
 
 Product development 

-
 
 Non-compete agreements 

-
 
 Other 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 84 
 
 to 
 
 . 

 Acquisitions within our health care distribution segment included companies 
that manufacture endodontic files and 
 companies that distribute dental supplies. 
Within our technology and value-added services segment, we acquired 
 companies that focus on practice management software and provide software 
as a solution for dental practices. 

 Approximately half of the acquired goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. 

The following table aggregates the estimated fair value, as of the 
date of acquisition, of consideration paid and net 
 assets acquired for acquisitions during the year ended December 26, 2020:

Deferred consideration 
 
 Fair value of previously held equity method investment 
 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 
 Total consideration 

Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 
 Current assets 

Intangible assets 
 
 Other noncurrent assets 
 
 Current liabilities 
 )
 Deferred income taxes 
 )
 Other noncurrent liabilities 
 )
 Total identifiable 
net assets 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Total net assets acquired 

-
 
 Product development 

-
 
 Trademark / Tradename 

Non-compete agreements 

million, which 
 was subsequently increased by additional 

million during 2022 based on delays in timing of government approval 
 of a certain product. 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 85 

million, 
 
 million and 

million in acquisition costs reported within income from continuing 
operations. 

Divestiture 

In the third quarter of 2021 we received contingent proceeds of 

million from the 2019 sale of Hu-Friedy, 
 resulting in the recognition of an additional after-tax gain of 

million. 
During the fourth quarter of 2020 we 
 received contingent proceeds of 

million from the 2019 sale of Hu-Friedy, resulting in the recognition of an 
 additional after-tax gain of 

million. 
We do expect to receive any additional proceeds from the sale of Hu-Friedy.

Buildings and permanent improvements 

Leasehold improvements 

Machinery and warehouse equipment 

Furniture, fixtures and other 

Computer equipment and software 

Less accumulated depreciation 

 )
 )
 Property and equipment, net 

Estimated Useful 
 Lives (in years) 
 Buildings and permanent improvements 

Machinery and warehouse equipment 

-
 
 Furniture, fixtures and other 

-
 
 Computer equipment and software 

-

million, 

million 
and 

million, respectively.

Please see 
 Note 6 Leases 
 
for 
 finance lease amounts included in property and equipment, net within our 
consolidated balance sheets. 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 86 

to approximately 

years, some of 
 which may include options to extend the leases for up to 

years. 
The components of lease expense were as 
 follows:

Finance 
lease cost: 
 Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Total finance 
lease cost 

(1) 
 Includes variable lease expenses. 
 (2) 
 Operating lease cost for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021, and December 26, 2020, include accelerated 
 amortization of right-of-use assets of 

million, 

million and 

million, respectively, related to facility leases recorded in 
 Restructuring and integration costs within our consolidated statements of income.

million, 

million, and 

million respectively, related to facility leases 
 recorded in Restructuring and integration costs within our consolidated 
statement of income. 
 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases is as follows:

Current operating lease liabilities 

Non-current operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Finance Leases: 
 Property and equipment, at cost 

Accumulated depreciation 
 )
 )
 Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

Current maturities of long-term debt

Long-term debt 

Total finance 
lease liabilities 

Weighted Average 
Remaining Lease Term in 
Years: 
 Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Weighted 
Average Discount 
Rate: 
 Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 87 

Financing cash flows for finance leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 
 Operating leases 

Finance leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future 
lease payments 

Less imputed interest 
 )
 )
 Total 

million for buildings 
 and vehicles that have not yet commenced. 
These operating leases will commence subsequent to December 31, 
 2022, with lease terms of 

to 
 
 . 
 Certain of our facilities related to our acquisitions are leased from 
employees and minority shareholders. 
These 
 leases are classified as operating leases and have a remaining lease term 
ranging from 

to 
 
 . 
As of 
 December 31, 2022, current and non-current liabilities associated with 
related party operating leases were 
 
 million and 

million, respectively. 
Related party leases represented 
 
 and 
 
 of the total current and non-
 current operating lease liabilities, respectively. 
The present value of lease payments under these related party 
leases 
 is not material to our consolidated financial statements.

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 88 

Adjustments to goodwill: 
 Acquisitions 

Foreign currency translation 

 )
 )
 )
 Balance as of December 25, 2021 

Adjustments to goodwill: 
 Acquisitions 

)
 
 Impairment 
 )
 
 )
 Foreign currency translation 

 )
 )
 )
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

million impairment of 
goodwill relating to 
the disposal 
 of 
an 
unprofitable 
business 
whose 
estimated 
fair 
value 
was 
lower 
than 
its 
carrying 
value. 
The 
disposal 
of 
this 
 business 
is 
part 
of 
our 
restructuring 
initiative 
as 
more 
fully 
discussed 
in

Note 14 Plans of Restructuring and 
 Integration Costs 
 . 

)

)

Trademarks / trade names - definite lived 

)

)
 
 Product Development 
 
 )

)
 
 Non-compete agreements 

)

)
 
 Other 

)

)

Total 

)

)

years as of December 31, 2022. 
Customer lists and customer relationships are definite-lived 
 intangible assets that are amortized on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average 
period of approximately 
 
 years as of December 31, 2022. 
Product development is a definite-lived intangible asset that is amortized 
on a 
 straight-line basis over a weighted-average period of approximately 

years as of December 31, 2022. 

 Non-compete agreements represent amounts paid primarily to prior owners of 
acquired businesses, as well as 
 certain sales persons, in exchange for placing restrictions on their ability 
to pose a competitive risk to us. 
Such 
 amounts are amortized, on a straight-line basis over the respective non-compete 
period, which generally 
 commences upon termination of employment or separation from us. 
The weighted-average non-compete period for 
 agreements currently being amortized was approximately 

years as of December 31, 2022. 
 Amortization expense, excluding impairment charges, related to definite-lived intangible assets 
for the years ended 
 December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020 was 

million, 

million and 

million. 

 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded 

million of impairment charges related to businesses 
 within our health care distribution segment, represented by an intangible asset 
impairment of 

million related to 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 89 

million impairment of customer lists and relationships 
 attributable to customer attrition rates being higher than expected in certain other 
businesses. 
Our impairment loss 
 was calculated as the difference between the carrying value and the estimated 
fair value of the intangible assets, 
 using a discounted estimate of future cash flows.

Please see 
 Note 14 Plans of Restructuring and Integration Costs 
 for additional details. 

million impairment charge related ratably to a 
 business within our health care distribution segment and a business within 
our technology and value-added services 
 segment. 
 During the year ended December 26, 2020, we recorded a 

million impairment charge related to businesses 
 within our technology and value-added services segment due to customer 
attrition rates being higher than expected. 
 The above intangible asset impairment charges were recorded within selling, general 
and administrative expenses; 
 and restructuring and integration charges in our consolidated statement of income. 
 The annual amortization expense expected to be recorded for existing 
intangibles assets for the years 2023 through 
 2027 is 

million, 

million, 

million, 

million and 

million.

Non-current deferred foreign, state and local income taxes 

Notes receivable 
 (1)

Capitalized costs for software to be sold, leased or marketed to external 
users 

Security deposits 

Acquisition-related indemnification 

Non-current pension assets 

Other long-term assets 

Total 

(1) 
 Long-term notes receivable carry interest rates ranging from 
 
 to 
 
 and are due in varying installments through 
 May 11, 2028
 .

million, 
 
 million and 

million, respectively.

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 90 

million and 

million, respectively. 
Factors that we considered when estimating the fair 
 value of our debt include market conditions, such as interest rates and credit 
spreads. 
 Derivative contracts 
 Derivative contracts are valued using quoted market prices and 
significant other observable inputs. 
We use 
 derivative instruments to minimize our exposure to fluctuations in foreign 
currency exchange rates. 
Our derivative 
 instruments primarily include foreign currency forward agreements related 
to certain intercompany loans, certain 
 forecasted inventory purchase commitments with foreign suppliers, 
foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a 
 portion of our euro-denominated foreign operations which are designated 
as net investment hedges and a total 
 return swap for the purpose of economically hedging our unfunded 
non-qualified SERP and our DCP. 
 The fair values for the majority of our foreign currency derivative contracts 
are obtained by comparing our contract 
 rate to a published forward price of the underlying market rates, which 
is based on market rates for comparable 
 transactions and are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

See 
 Note 11-Derivatives and Hedging 
 Activities 
 
for further information. 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 91 

See 
 Note 18 Redeemable Noncontrolling 
 Interests 
 
for additional information. 

See 
 Note 1 Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting 
 Policies 
 
and 
 Note 7 Goodwill and Other Intangibles, Net 
 
for additional information. 

Derivative contracts undesignated 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 
 Derivative contracts designated as hedges 

Derivative contracts undesignated 

Total return 
swaps 

Total liabilities 

Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

December 25, 2021 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 Assets: 
 Derivative contracts designated as hedges 

Derivative contracts undesignated 

Total return 
swap 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 
 Derivative contracts designated as hedges 

Derivative contracts undesignated 

Total liabilities 

Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 92 
 
 of our net sales in 2022 or 2021. 
With respect to our sources of supply, our top 10 
 health care distribution suppliers and our single largest supplier accounted for approximately 
 
 and 
 
 , 
 respectively, of our aggregate purchases in each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021. 
 Our long-term notes receivable primarily represent strategic financing arrangements 
with certain affiliates. 

 Generally, these notes are secured by certain assets of the counterparty; however, in most cases our security is 
 subordinate to other commercial financial institutions. 
While we have exposure to credit loss in the event of non-
 performance by these counter-parties, we conduct ongoing assessments 
of their financial and operational 
 performance.

, is approximately 

million. 

 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, we 
recorded losses of 

million and 
 
 million, respectively, within other comprehensive income related to these foreign currency forward contracts.

See 
 Note 9 Fair Value Measurements 
 
for additional information. 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 93 
 
 , we entered into a total return swap for the purpose of economically hedging 
our unfunded non-
 qualified SERP and our DCP. 
This swap will offset changes in our SERP and DCP liabilities. 
At the inception, the 
 notional value of the investments in these plans was 

million. 
At December 31, 2022, the notional value of the 
 investments in these plans was 

million. 
At December 31, 2022, the financing blended rate for 
this swap was 
 based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR of 
 
 plus 
 
 , for a combined rate of 
 
 . 
For 
 the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, we have 
recorded a gain/(loss), within selling, general 
 and administrative in our consolidated statement of income, of approximately million and 

million, 
 respectively, net of transaction costs, related to this undesignated swap. 
During the years ended December 31, 2022 
 and December 25, 2021, the swap resulted in a neutral impact to our 
results of operations. 
This swap is expected to 
 be renewed on an annual basis after its current expiration date of March 31, 2023, 
and is expected to result in a 
 neutral impact to our results of operations.

See 
 Note 17 Employee Benefit Plans 
 
for additional information. 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 94 

Other short-term bank credit lines 

Total 

, we entered into a 

billion revolving credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ). 
This 
 facility which matures on 

replaced our 

million revolving credit facility which was scheduled 
 to mature in April 2022. 
The interest rate is based on the USD LIBOR plus a spread based 
on our leverage ratio at 
 the end of each financial reporting quarter. 
Most LIBOR rates have been discontinued after December 31, 
2021, 
 while the remaining LIBOR rates will be discontinued immediately after 
June 30, 2023. 
We do not expect the 
 discontinuation of LIBOR as a reference rate in our debt agreements 
to have a material adverse effect on our 
 financial position or to materially affect our interest expense. 
The Credit Agreement requires, among other things, 
 that we maintain certain maximum leverage ratios. 
Additionally, the Credit Agreement contains customary 
 representations, warranties and affirmative covenants as well as customary negative 
covenants, subject to 
 negotiated exceptions, on liens, indebtedness, significant corporate changes 
(including mergers), dispositions and 
 certain restrictive agreements. 
As of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, we had 

borrowings under this 
 revolving credit facility. 
As of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, there 
were 

million and 

million 
 of letters of credit, respectively, provided to third parties under the credit facility. 
 Other Short-Term Bank Credit 
Lines 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, we had various other short-term 
bank credit lines available, with 
 a maximum borrowing capacity of 

million as of December 31, 2022, of which 

million and 

million, 
 respectively, were outstanding. 
At December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, borrowings under 
all of these 
 credit lines had a weighted average interest rate of 
 
 and 
 
 , respectively.

U.S. trade accounts receivable securitization 

Various 
collateralized and uncollateralized loans payable with interest, 
 in varying installments through 2023 at interest rates 
 ranging from 
 
 to 
 
 at December 31, 2022 and 
 ranging from 
 
 to 
 
 at December 25, 2021 

Finance lease obligations 

Total 

Less current maturities 
 )
 )
 Total long-term debt 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 95 

to include four (previously three) insurance 
 companies, have a total facility amount of 

billion (previously 

billion), and are available on an 
 uncommitted basis at fixed rate economic terms to be agreed upon at the 
time of issuance, from time to time 
 through 

(previously 
). 
The facilities allow us to issue senior promissory notes to 
 the lenders at a fixed rate based on an agreed upon spread over applicable 
treasury notes at the time of 
 issuance. 
The term of each possible issuance will be selected by us and 
can range from 
 five
 
to 

(with an 
 average life no longer than 
). 
The proceeds of any issuances under the facilities will be used for 
general 
 corporate purposes, including working capital and capital expenditures, 
to refinance existing indebtedness, and/or 
 to fund potential acquisitions. 
The agreements provide, among other things, that we maintain 
certain maximum 
 leverage ratios, and contain restrictions relating to subsidiary indebtedness, 
liens, affiliate transactions, disposal of 
 assets and certain changes in ownership. 
These facilities contain make-whole provisions in the event that we 
pay 
 off the facilities prior to the applicable due dates. 
 On March 5, 2021, we amended the private placement facilities to, 
among other things, (a) modify the financial 
 covenant from being based on a net leverage ratio to a total leverage 
ratio and (b) restore the maximum 
 maintenance total leverage ratio to 
 
 x and remove the 
 
 interest rate increase triggered if the net leverage 
 ratio were to exceed 
 
 x.

, as of December 31, 2022 are presented in the following table:

January 20, 2024
 December 24, 2012

December 24, 2024
 June 16, 2017

June 16, 2027
 September 15, 2017

September 15, 2029
 January 2, 2018

January 2, 2028
 September 2, 2020

September 2, 2030
 June 2, 2021

June 2, 2031
 June 2, 2021

June 2, 2033
 Less: Deferred debt issuance costs 
 )
 Total 

. 
On December 15, 2022, we 
 extended the expiration date of this facility agreement to 

(the previous maturity date was and maintained the purchase limit under the facility as 

million with 

banks as agents. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, the borrowings outstanding 
under this securitization facility 
 were 

million and 

million, respectively. 
At December 31, 2022, the interest rate on borrowings under 
 this facility was based on the asset-backed commercial paper rate of 
 
 plus 
 
 , for a combined rate of 
 
 . 
At December 25, 2021, the interest rate on borrowings under 
this facility was based on the asset-backed 
 commercial paper rate of 
 
 plus 
 
 , for a combined rate of 
 
 . 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 96 

to 

basis points depending upon program utilization.

million, maturing in each of the next five years and thereafter 
are as follows:

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 97 

Foreign 

Total 

State and local 

Foreign 

Total current 

Deferred income tax expense (benefit): 
 U.S. Federal 

 )
 )
 )
 State and local 

 )
 )
 )
 Foreign 

 )
 
 )
 Total deferred 

 )
 )
 )
 Total provision 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 98 

Inventory, premium 
coupon redemptions and accounts receivable 
 valuation allowances 

Stock-based compensation 

Uniform capitalization adjustment to inventories 

Operating lease liability 

Other asset 

Total deferred income 
tax asset 

Valuation 
allowance for deferred tax assets 
 (1)
 )
 )
 Net deferred income tax asset 

Deferred income tax liability 
 Intangibles amortization 
 )
 )
 Operating lease right-of-use asset 
 )
 )
 Property and equipment 
 )
 )
 Total deferred tax 
liability 
 )
 )
 Net deferred income tax asset (liability) 

)
 (1) 
 Primarily relates to operating losses, the benefits of which are uncertain. 
Any future reductions of such valuation allowances will be 
 reflected as a reduction of income tax expense.

million, 

million and 

million, respectively. 
The federal, state and foreign net operating loss 
 carryforwards will begin to expire in various years from 2023 through 
2041. 
The amounts of federal, state and 
 foreign net operating losses that can be carried forward indefinitely are 

million, 

million and 

million, 
 respectively.

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 99 
 The tax provisions differ from the amount computed using the federal statutory income 
tax rate as follows: 

State income tax provision, net of federal income tax effect 

Foreign income tax provision 

Pass-through noncontrolling interest 

 )
 )
 )
 Valuation 
allowance 

 )
 )
 
 Unrecognized tax benefits and audit settlements 

)
 Interest expense related to loans 

 )
 )
 )
 Tax benefit related 
to legal entity reorganization outside the U.S. 

)
 Other 

Total income 
tax provision 

, compared to 
 
 for the prior year 
 period. 
In 2022, the difference between our effective tax rate and the federal statutory tax rate primarily 
relates to 
 state and foreign income taxes and interest expense. 
In 2021, the difference between our effective tax rate and the 
 federal statutory tax rate was primarily due to state and foreign income 
taxes and interest expense. 
In 2020, our 
 effective tax rate was 
 
 . 
The difference between our effective tax rate and the federal statutory tax rate was 
 primarily due to an Advance Pricing Agreement with the U.S Internal Revenue 
Service (the IRS in the U.S., 
 other audit resolutions, state and foreign income taxes and interest expense. 

 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (H.R. 5376) IRA was 
signed into law in the United States. 

 Among other things, the IRA imposes a 15 corporate alternative minimum 
tax for tax years beginning after 
 December 31, 2022 and levies a 1 excise tax on net stock repurchases after 
December 31, 2022. 
We are still in 
 the process of analyzing the provisions of the IRA. 
 On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES 
Act was enacted in 
 response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The CARES Act includes, but is not limited to, certain income tax 
 provisions that modify the Section 163(j) limitation of business interest and 
net operating loss carryover and 
 carryback rules. 
The modifications to Section 163(j) increase the allowable business 
interest deduction from 

of adjusted taxable income to 
 
 of adjusted taxable income for years beginning in 2019 and 2020. 
The CARES 
 Act eliminated the NOL income limitation for years beginning before 2021 
and it extended the carryback period to 
 five years for losses incurred in 2018, 2019 and 2020. 

 We 
 have analyzed the income tax provisions of the CARES 
 Act and have accounted for the impact in the year ended December 26, 2020, 
which did not have a material impact 
 on our consolidated financial statements. 
There are certain other non-income tax benefits available to us under 
the 
 CARES Act that require further clarification or interpretation that 
may affect our consolidated financial statements 
 in the future. 
On December 27, 2020, the Consolidated Appropriations Act was 
enacted into law and extended 
 certain non-income tax benefits under the CARES Act. 
 On July 20, 2020, the IRS issued final regulations related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in 2017 (the Tax 
 Act ). 
The final regulations concern the global intangible low-taxed income GILTI and subpart F income 
 provisions of the Tax Act. 
To provide flexibility to taxpayers, the IRS is permitting the application of these final 
 regulations to prior tax years, if the taxpayer elects to do so. 
We have analyzed the final regulations, which do not 
 have a material impact to our consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 100 

million and 

million were included in accrued taxes for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and 

million and 

million 
 were included in other liabilities for 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Due to the one-time transition tax and the imposition of the GILTI provisions, all previously unremitted earnings 
 will no longer be subject to U.S. federal income tax; however, there could be U.S., state and/or foreign withholding 
 taxes upon distribution of such unremitted earnings. 
Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred tax 
 liability with respect to such earnings is not practicable. 
 ASC 740 prescribes the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized 
in the financial statements in 
 accordance with other provisions contained within this guidance. 
This topic prescribes a recognition threshold and 
 a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement 
of tax positions taken or expected 
 to be taken in a tax return. 
For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely 
than not to be 
 sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities. 
The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of 
 benefit that has a greater than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate 
audit settlement. 
In the normal course of 
 business, our tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing 
authorities. 
Such examinations may result in 
 future tax and interest assessments by these taxing authorities for uncertain 
tax positions taken in respect of certain 
 tax matters. 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits, which are included in other 
liabilities within our consolidated 
 balance sheets, as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 was approximately 

million and 

million, 
 respectively, of which 

million and 

million, respectively would affect the effective tax rate if recognized. 
It 
 is possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change in 
the next 12 months, which may result in a 
 material impact on our consolidated statements of income. 
 All tax returns audited by the IRS are officially closed through 2018. 
The tax years subject to examination by the 
 IRS include years 2019 and forward. 
In addition, limited positions reported in the 2017 tax year are subject 
to IRS 
 examination. 
During the quarter ended December 25, 2021, we were notified by 
the IRS that tax year 2019 was 
 selected for examination. 
During the quarter ended June 26, 2021 we reached a resolution with 
the Appellate 
 Division for all remaining outstanding issues for 2012 and 2013. 

 During the quarter ended September 26, 2020 we reached an agreement with 
the Advanced Pricing Division on an 
 appropriate transfer pricing methodology for the years 2014-2025. 
The objective of this resolution was to mitigate 
 future transfer pricing audit adjustments. 

 In the fourth quarter of 2020, we reached a resolution with the IRS for the 
2014-2016 audit cycle. 
 The total amounts of interest and penalties are classified as a component of 
the provision for income taxes. 
The 
 amount of tax interest expense (credit) was approximately 

million, 

million and ) million in 2022, 2021 
 and 2020, respectively. 
The total amount of accrued interest is included in other liabilities , 
and was 
 approximately 

million as of December 31, 2022 and 

million as of December 25, 2021. 
The amount of 
 penalties accrued for during the periods presented were not material 
to our consolidated financial statements.

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 101 

Additions based on current year tax positions 

Additions based on prior year tax positions 

Reductions based on prior year tax positions 

)
 )
 Reductions resulting from settlements with taxing authorities 

 )
 )
 )
 Reductions resulting from lapse in statutes of limitations 

 )
 )
 )
 Balance, end of period 

and Integration Costs 

million primarily related to 
 severance and employee-related costs, accelerated amortization of right-of-use 
lease assets, impairment of other 
 long-lived assets and lease exit costs. 

 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, in connection with our 
restructuring plan, we vacated 

of 
 the buildings at our corporate headquarters in Melville NY, which resulted in an accelerated amortization of right-
 of-use lease asset of 

million. 
We also initiated the disposal of a non-profitable US business and recorded 
 related costs of 

million which primarily consisted of impairment of intangible assets 
and goodwill, inventory 
 impairment, and severance and employee-related costs. 
These expenses are included in the 

million of 
 restructuring charges discussed above. 
The disposal is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2023. 

 On August 26, 2022, we acquired Midway Dental Supply. 
In connection with this acquisition, during the year 
 ended December 31, 2022, we recorded integration costs of 

million related to one-time employee and other 
 costs, as well as restructuring charges of 

million, which are included in the 

million of restructuring charges 
 discussed above. 
 On November 20, 2019, we committed to a contemplated restructuring 
initiative intended to mitigate stranded costs 
 associated with the spin-off of our animal health business and to rationalize operations 
and provide expense 
 efficiencies. 
These activities were originally expected to be completed by 
the end of 2020 but we extended them to 
 the end of 2021 in light of the changes to the business environment brought 
on by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The 
 restructuring activities under this prior initiative were completed 
in 2021.

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 102 

- 

- 

Impairment and accelerated depreciation and 
 amortization of right-of-use lease assets and 
 other long-lived assets 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exit and other related costs 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss on disposal of a business 
 
 - 
 
 Integration employee-related and other costs 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total restructuring and integration costs 

- 

Year 
Ended December 25, 2021 
 Health-Care Distribution 
 Technology 
and Value-Added 
 Services 
 Restructuring 
 Costs 
 Integration 
 Costs 
 Restructuring 
 Costs 
 Integration 
 Costs 
 Total 
 Severance and employee-related costs 

- 

- 

Total restructuring and integration costs 

- 

- 

Year 
Ended December 26, 2020 
 Health-Care Distribution 
 Technology 
and Value-Added 
 Services 
 Restructuring 
 Costs 
 Integration 
 Costs 
 Restructuring 
 Costs 
 Integration 
 Costs 
 Total 
 Severance and employee-related costs 

- 

- 

Impairment and accelerated depreciation and 
 amortization of right-of-use lease assets and 
 other long-lived assets 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exit and other related costs 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total restructuring and integration costs 

- 

- 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 103 

Restructuring charges 

Non-cash asset impairment and accelerated depreciation and 
 amortization of right-of-use lease assets and other long-lived 
 assets 
 )
 - 
 )
 Non-cash impairment on disposal of a business 
 )
 - 
 )
 Cash payments and other adjustments 

 )
 )
 )
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum 
inventory purchase commitment payments 

million, 

million, 

million, 

million, 
 
 million, and 

million, respectively. 
We also have lifetime consulting agreements that provide for current 
 compensation of 
 four-hundred thousand
 
dollars per year, increasing 
 twenty-five thousand
 
dollars every fifth year 
 with the next increase in 2026. 
In addition, some agreements have provisions for additional 
incentives and 
 compensation.

); in approximately half of those cases one or more of Henry Schein, Inc. s subsidiaries is 
 also named as a defendant). 
Generally, the lawsuits allege that the manufacturers of prescription opioid drugs 
 engaged in a false advertising campaign to expand the market for such drugs and 
their own market share and that 
 the entities in the supply chain (including Henry Schein, Inc. and 
its affiliated companies) reaped financial rewards 
 by refusing or otherwise failing to monitor appropriately and restrict 
the improper distribution of those drugs. 

 These actions consist of some that have been consolidated within the 
MultiDistrict Litigation MDL proceeding 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 104 

of 

plaintiffs set for a jury trial on July 24, 
 2023; and the action filed by Florida Health Sciences Center, Inc. (and 

other hospitals located throughout the 
 State of Florida) in Florida state court, which is currently scheduled for a jury 
trial in October 2024. 
In December 
 2022, we settled 

cases filed in Utah (plus one case in which we were not yet 
named a defendant) by 
 
 plaintiffs for a total amount of 
 sixty thousand
 
dollars. 
The 

cases have been dismissed. 
Of Henry Schein s 
 2022 net sales of approximately 

billion from continuing operations, sales of opioids represented 
less than 
 two-tenths of 1 percent
 . 
Opioids represent a negligible part of our business. 
We intend to defend ourselves 
 vigorously against these actions. 
 In August 2022, Henry Schein received a Grand Jury Subpoena from the United 
States Attorney s Office for the 
 Western District of Virginia, 
seeking documents in connection with an investigation of possible 
violations of the 
 Federal Food, Drug Cosmetic Act by Butler Animal Health Supply, LLC Butler ), a former subsidiary of 
 Henry Schein. 
The investigation relates to the sale of veterinary prescription drugs 
to certain customers. 
In 
 October 2022, Henry Schein received a second Grand Jury Subpoena from 
the United States Attorney s Office for 
 the Western District of Virginia. 
The October Subpoena seeks documents relating to payments Henry 
Schein 
 received from Butler or Covetrus, Inc. Covetrus ). 
Butler was spun off into a separate company and became a 
 subsidiary of Covetrus in 2019 and is no longer owned by Henry Schein. 
We are cooperating with the 
 investigation. 
 From time to time, we may become a party to other legal proceedings, 
including, without limitation, product 
 liability claims, employment matters, commercial disputes, governmental 
inquiries and investigations (which may 
 in some cases involve our entering into settlement arrangements or consent 
decrees), and other matters arising out 
 of the ordinary course of our business. 
While the results of any legal proceeding cannot be predicted with certainty, 
 in our opinion none of these other pending matters are currently 
anticipated to have a material adverse effect on our 
 consolidated financial position, liquidity or results of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had accrued our best estimate of potential 
losses relating to claims that were probable 
 to result in liability and for which we were able to reasonably estimate 
a loss. 
This accrued amount, as well as 
 related expenses, was not material to our financial position, results of operations 
or cash flows. 
Our method for 
 determining estimated losses considers currently available 
facts, presently enacted laws and regulations and other 
 factors, including probable recoveries from third parties.

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 105 

shares authorized and 

shares available to be granted 
 under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan and 

shares authorized and 

shares available to be granted 
 under the 2015 Non-Employee Director Stock Incentive Plan.
 RSUs are stock-based awards granted to recipients with specified vesting provisions. 
In the case of RSUs, common 
 stock is delivered on or following satisfaction of vesting conditions. 
We issue RSUs to employees that primarily 
 vest (i) solely based on the recipient s continued service over time, primarily with 
 four
 -year cliff vesting and/or (ii) 
 based on achieving specified performance measurements and the recipient s continued service over time, primarily 
 with 
 three
 -year cliff vesting. 
RSUs granted under the 2015 Non-Employee Director Stock Incentive 
Plan primarily 
 are granted with 
 12
 -month cliff vesting. 
For these RSUs, we recognize the cost as compensation expense on 
a 
 straight-line basis. 
 With 
respect to time-based RSUs, we estimate the fair value on the date 
of grant based on our closing stock price at 
 the time of grant. 
With respect to performance-based RSUs, the number of shares that ultimately vest 
and are 
 received by the recipient is based upon our performance as measured against 
specified targets over a specified 
 period, as determined by the Compensation Committee. 
Although there is no guarantee that performance targets 
 will be achieved, we estimate the fair value of performance-based RSUs based 
on our closing stock price at time of 
 grant. 
 Each of the Plans provide for certain adjustments to the performance 
measurement in connection with awards under 
 the Plans. 
With respect to the performance-based RSUs granted under our 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, such 
 performance measurement adjustments relate to significant events, including, 
without limitation, acquisitions, 
 divestitures, new business ventures, certain capital transactions (including share 
repurchases), differences in 
 budgeted average outstanding shares (other than those resulting from capital 
transactions referred to above), 
 restructuring costs, if any, certain litigation settlements or payments, if any, changes in accounting principles or in 
 applicable laws or regulations, changes in income tax rates in certain 
markets, foreign exchange fluctuations, the 
 financial impact of certain products and unforeseen events or circumstances affecting us. 

 Over the performance period, the number of shares of common stock that will 
ultimately vest and be issued and the 
 related compensation expense is adjusted upward or downward based upon 
our estimation of achieving such 
 performance targets. 
The ultimate number of shares delivered to recipients and the 
related compensation cost 
 recognized as an expense will be based on our actual performance metrics 
as defined under the Plans. 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 106 

from the 
 grant date and have a contractual term of 

from the grant date, subject to earlier termination of the term 
 upon certain events. 
Compensation expense for these stock options is recognized 
using a graded vesting method. 

 We estimate the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes valuation model. 

 In addition to equity-based awards granted in fiscal 2021 under the long-term 
incentive program, the Compensation 
 Committee granted a Special Pandemic Recognition Award under the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan to recipients of 
 performance-based RSUs under the 2018 long-term incentive program. 
The payout under the performance-based 
 restricted stock units granted under the fiscal 2018 long-term incentive program 
(the 2018 LTIP was negatively 
 impacted by the global COVID-19 pandemic. 
Given the significance of the impact of the pandemic on our 
 three
 -
 year EPS goal under such equity awards and the contributions made by our employees 
(including those who 
 received such awards), on March 3, 2021, the Compensation Committee granted 
a Special Pandemic Recognition 
 Award to recipients of performance-based restricted stock units under the 2018 LTIP who were employed by us on 
 the grant date of the Special Pandemic Recognition Award. 
These time-based RSU awards vest 
 
 on the first 
 anniversary of the grant date and 
 
 on the second anniversary of the grant date, based on the recipient s 
 continued service and subject to the terms and conditions of the 2020 Stock Incentive 
Plan, and are recorded as 
 compensation expense using a graded vesting method. 
The combination of the 
 
 payout based on actual 
 performance of the 2018 LTIP and the one-time Special Pandemic Recognition Award granted in 2021 will 
 generate a cumulative payout of 
 
 of each recipient s original number of performance-based restricted stock 
 units awarded in 2018 if the recipient satisfies the 
 two
 -year vesting schedule commencing on the grant date. 
 Our accompanying consolidated statements of income reflect pre-tax share-based 
compensation expense of 
 
 million 

million after-tax), 

million 

million after-tax) and 

million 

million after-tax) for the years 
 ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020. 
 Total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested awards as of December 31, 2022 was 

million, 
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 
approximately 

years. 

 The weighted-average grant date fair value of stock-based awards granted 
before forfeitures was 
 
 , 
 
 and 

per share during the years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 
2021 and December 26, 2020. 

 Certain stock-based compensation granted may require us to settle in 
the form of a cash payment. 
During the year 
 ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a liability of 

million relating to the grant date fair value of stock-based 
 compensation to be settled in cash. 
 We 
 record deferred income tax assets for awards that will result in 
future deductions on our income tax returns 
 based on the amount of compensation cost recognized and our statutory tax 
rate in the jurisdiction in which we will 
 receive a deduction. 
 Our accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows present our stock-based 
compensation expense as an 
 adjustment to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating 
activities for all periods presented. 
In the 
 accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows, there were no benefits 
associated with tax deductions in 
 excess of recognized compensation as a cash inflow from financing 
activities for the years ended December 31, 
 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020.

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 107 

Expected stock price volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected life of options (years) 

Granted 

Exercised 

 )
 
 Forfeited 

 )
 
 Outstanding at end of year 

Options exercisable at end of year 

Granted 

Vested 

 )
 
 )
 
 Forfeited 

 )
 
 )
 
 Outstanding at end of period 

, 

and 

during the years ended 
 December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020.

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 108 

Service costs 

Interest cost 

Past service cost 

Actuarial loss 
 )
 )
 Benefits paid
 
(1)
 )
 
 Participant contributions 

Settlements 
 )
 )
 Effect of foreign currency translation 
 )
 )
 Projected benefit obligation, end of period 

Change in plan assets 
 Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period 

Actual return on plan assets 
 )
 
 Employer contributions 

Plan participant contributions 

Expected return on plan assets 

Benefit received
 
(1)

Settlements 
 )
 )
 Effect of foreign currency translation 
 )
 )
 Fair value of plan assets at end of period 

Unfunded status at end of period 

(1)

million and 

million as of 
 December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively.

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 109 

Current liabilities 
 )
 )
 Non-current liabilities 
 )
 )
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss, pre-tax 

Interest cost 
 
 - 
 - 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 )
 )
 - 
 Employee contributions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Amortization of prior service credit 

Recognized net actuarial loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Settlements 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Net periodic pension cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

Rate of compensation increase 

Pension increase rate 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 110 

2024 
 
 2025 
 
 2026 
 
 2027 
 
 2028 to 2032 
 
 Total 

of the participants contributions 
 up to 
 
 of their base compensation, subject to applicable legal limits. 
Matching contributions consist of cash and 
 were allocated entirely to the participants investment elections on file, 
subject to a 
 
 allocation limit to the 
 Henry Schein Stock Fund. 
Due to the impact of COVID-19, as part of our initiative to generate cash savings, 
we 
 suspended the matching contribution for the second half of 2020. 
The matching contribution was reinstated in 
 2021. 
Forfeitures attributable to participants whose employment terminates prior 
to becoming fully vested are used 
 to reduce our matching contributions and offset administrative expenses of the 401(k) 
plans. 
 Assets of the 401(k) and other defined contribution plans are held 
in self-directed accounts enabling participants to 
 choose from various investment fund options. 
Matching contributions related to these plans charged to operations 
 during the years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 
26, 2020 amounted to 

million, 

million and 

million, respectively. 
Within our consolidated statements of income, 

million is included 
 in selling, general and administrative expenses; and 

million is included in cost of goods sold. 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP 
 We offer 
an unfunded, non-qualified SERP to eligible employees. 
This plan generally covers officers and certain 
 highly compensated employees after they have reached the maximum 
IRS allowed pre-tax 401(k) contribution 
 limit. 
Our contributions to this plan are equal to the 401(k) 
employee-elected contribution percentage applied to 
 base compensation for the portion of the year in which such employees are 
not eligible to make pre-tax 
 contributions to the 401(k) plan. 
Due to the impact of COVID-19, as part of our initiative 
to generate cash savings, 
 we suspended contributions under the SERP for the second half of 
2020. 
Contributions to the SERP were restored 
 in 2021. 
The amounts charged to operations during the years ended December 31, 
2022, December 25, 2021 and 
 December 26, 2020 amounted to 
 )
 
million, 

million and 

million, respectively. 
The charges are included in 
 selling, general and administrative expenses line item within our consolidated 
statements of income.

Please see 
 Note 11 Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 
for additional information. 
million, 

million and 

million, respectively. 
The charges are included in selling, general and administrative expenses line 
item within 
 our consolidated statements of income.

Please see 
 Note 11 Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 
for additional 
 information. 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 111 

Decrease in redeemable noncontrolling interests due to acquisitions of 
 noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 
 )
 )
 )
 Increase in redeemable noncontrolling interests due to business 
 acquisitions 

Net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 

Dividends declared 

 )
 )
 )
 Effect of foreign currency translation loss attributable to redeemable 
 noncontrolling interests 
 )
 )
 )
 Change in fair value of redeemable securities 

 )

Balance, end of period 

)
 
 )
 Attributable to noncontrolling interests: 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 

)

Attributable to Henry Schein, Inc.: 
 Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 
 )
 
 )
 
 )
 Unrealized gain (loss) from foreign currency hedging activities 

)
 )
 Pension adjustment loss 

 )
 )
 )
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

)
 
 )
 
 )
 Total Accumulated 
other comprehensive loss 

)
 
 )
 
 )

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 112 

Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 
 )
 )
 
 Tax effect 

Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 
 )
 )
 
 Unrealized gain (loss) from foreign currency hedging activities 

)
 Tax effect 

 )
 )
 
 Unrealized gain (loss) from foreign currency hedging activities 

)
 Pension adjustment gain 

Tax effect 

 )
 )
 
 Pension adjustment gain 

Comprehensive income 

See 
 Note 11-Derivatives and Hedging 
 Activities 
 
for further information. 

Comprehensive income attributable to 
 noncontrolling interests 

Comprehensive income attributable to 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

Comprehensive income 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 113 

million from Covetrus pursuant to 
 certain debt financing incurred by Covetrus. 
On the Distribution Date and prior to the Animal Health Spin-off, 
 Covetrus issued shares of Covetrus common stock to certain institutional 
accredited investors (the Share Sale 
 Investors for 

million (the Share Sale ). 
The proceeds of the Share Sale were paid to Covetrus and 
 distributed to us. 
Subsequent to the Share Sale, we distributed, on a pro rata basis, 
all of the shares of the common 
 stock of Covetrus held by us to our stockholders of record as of the close of 
business on January 17, 2019 (the 
 Animal Health Spin-off ). 
After the Share Sale and Animal Health Spin-off, Merger Sub consummated the 
 Merger whereby it merged with and into Vets 
First Choice, with Vets First Choice surviving the Merger as a 
 wholly owned subsidiary of Covetrus. 
Immediately following the consummation of the Merger, on a fully diluted 
 basis, (i) approximately 
 
 of the shares of Covetrus common stock were (a) owned by our stockholders 
and the 
 Share Sale Investors, and (b) held by certain employees of the Henry Schein 
Animal Health Business (in the form 
 of certain equity awards), and (ii) approximately 
 
 of the shares of Covetrus common stock were (a) owned by 
 stockholders of Vets 
First Choice immediately prior to the Merger, and (b) held by certain employees of Vets First 
 Choice (in the form of certain equity awards). 
After the Separation and the Merger, we no longer beneficially 
 owned any shares of Covetrus common stock and, following the Distribution 
Date, will not consolidate the 
 financial results of Covetrus for the purpose of our financial reporting. 
Following the Separation and the Merger, 
 Covetrus was an independent, publicly traded company on the Nasdaq Global Select 
Market. 
 In connection with the completion of the Animal Health Spin-off, we entered into 
a transition services agreement, 
 which ended in December 2020, with Covetrus under which we agreed to provide 
certain transition services for up 
 to 
 twenty-four months
 
in areas such as information technology, finance and accounting, human resources, supply 
 chain, and real estate and facility services.
 As a result of the Separation, the financial position and results of operations 
of the Henry Schein Animal Health 
 Business are presented as discontinued operations and have been excluded 
from continuing operations and segment 
 results for all periods presented. 
The accompanying notes to the consolidated financial 
statements have been 
 revised to reflect the effect of the Separation and all prior year balances have been 
revised accordingly to reflect 
 continuing operations only. 
The historical statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Shareholders' 
Equity 
 have not been revised to reflect the Separation and instead reflect the Separation 
as an adjustment to the balances at 
 December 26, 2020. 
 In February 2019, we completed the Animal Health Spin-off. 
During the year ended December 26, 2020, we 
 incurred 

million in transaction costs associated with this transaction. 
All transaction costs related to the Animal 
 Health Spin-off have been included in results from discontinued operations.

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 114 

Operating loss 

 )
 Income tax benefit 
 )
 Income from discontinued operations 

Net income from discontinued operations attributable to Henry Schein, 
Inc. 

See 
 Note 23 Related Party Transactions 
 
for additional 
 information. 

Effect of dilutive securities: 
 Stock options and restricted stock units 

Diluted 

Restricted stock units 

Total anti-dilutive 
securities excluded from EPS computation 

Table of Contents 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in millions, except share and per share data) 
 115 

Income taxes 

million, 
 
 million and 
 )
 
million of non-cash net unrealized gains (losses) related to foreign 
currency hedging activities, 
 respectively.

(see 
 Note 20 Discontinued Operations 
 
for additional details). 

million of fees for these services. 
Pursuant 
 to the transition services agreement, Covetrus purchased 
certain products from us. 
During the year December 26, 
 2020, net sales to Covetrus under the transition services agreement were 
approximately 

million. 
Sales to 
 Covetrus under the transition services agreement ended in December 2020. 
 In connection with the formation of Henry Schein One, LLC, our joint venture 
with Internet Brands, which was 
 formed on July 1, 2018, we entered into a 
 ten-year
 
royalty agreement with Internet Brands whereby we will pay 
 Internet Brands approximately 

million annually for the use of their intellectual property. 
During the years 
 ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020, we recorded 

million, 

million and 

million, respectively in connection with costs related to this royalty 
agreement. 
As of December 31, 2022 and 
 December 25, 2021, Henry Schein One, LLC had a net receivable (payable) 
balance from (to) Internet Brands of 
 million and 

million, respectively, comprised of amounts related to results of operations and the royalty 
 agreement. 
The components of this receivable and payable are recorded within 
prepaid expenses and other; and 
 accrued expenses: other, respectively, within our consolidated balance sheets. 
 During our normal course of business, we have interests in entities that we 
account for under the equity accounting 
 method. 
During the years ended December 31, 2022, December 
25, 2021 and December 26, 2020, we recorded net 
 sales of 

million, 

million, and 

respectively, to such entities. 
During our fiscal years ended 2022, 2021 
 and 2020, we purchased 

million, 

million and 

million respectively, from such entities. 
At December 31, 
 2022 and December 25, 2021, we had in aggregate 

million and 

million, due from our equity affiliates, and 

million and 

million due to our equity affiliates, respectively. 
 Certain of our facilities related to our acquisitions are leased from employees 
and minority shareholders.

Please see 
 Note 6 Leases 
 
for further information.

Table of Contents 
 116 
 ITEM 9. 
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and 
Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. 
Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including 
our principal executive officer and 
 principal financial officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and 
 procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report as 
such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 
 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
Based on 
 this evaluation, our management, including our principal executive officer and principal 
financial officer, 
 concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 
2022, to ensure that all 
 material information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file 
or submit under the Exchange Act is 
 accumulated and communicated to them as appropriate to allow timely 
decisions regarding required disclosure and 
 that all such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported 
within the time periods specified in the 
 SEC s rules and forms. 

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
 The combination of acquisitions, continued acquisition integrations and systems 
implementation activity 
 undertaken during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 and carried over from 
prior quarters when considered in 
 the aggregate, does not represent a material change in our internal control over 
financial reporting. 
 Management s 
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate 
internal control over financial reporting, 
 as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). 
Our internal control system is designed to provide 
 reasonable assurance to our management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation 
and fair presentation of 
 published financial statements. 
Under the supervision and with the participation of our 
management, including our 
 principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our 
 internal control over financial reporting based on the framework 
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), 
 updated and reissued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations, or the COSO 
Framework. 
Based on our 
 evaluation under the COSO Framework, our management concluded that our 
internal control over financial 
 reporting was effective at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 
31, 2022, has been independently 
 audited by BDO USA, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, and their attestation is included 
 herein. 
 Limitations of the Effectiveness of Internal Control 

 A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide 
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance 
 that the objectives of the internal control system are met. 
Because of the inherent limitations of any internal control 
 system, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control 
issues, if any, within a company 
 have been detected. 

Table of Contents 
 117 
 Report Of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Henry Schein, Inc.
 Melville, NY 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
 We 
have audited Henry 
Schein, Inc. s 
(the Company s 
internal control over 
financial reporting as 
of December 
 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control 
 Integrated Framework (2013) (the COSO criteria ). In 
 our opinion, the 
Company maintained, in all 
material respects, effective 
internal control over 
financial reporting as 
 of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 

 We 
have 
also 
audited, 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
standards 
of 
the 
Public 
Company 
Accounting 
Oversight 
Board 
 (United 
States) PCAOB ), 
the 
consolidated 
balance 
sheets 
of 
the 
Company 
as 
of 
December 
31, 
2022 
and 
 December 
25, 
2021, the 
related 
consolidated statements 
of 
income, comprehensive 
income, stockholders 
equity, 
 and cash 
flows for 
each of 
the three 
years in 
the period 
ended December 
31, 2022, 
and the 
related notes 
and our 
 report dated February 21, 2023 
expressed as an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion
 The Company s 
management is 
responsible for 
maintaining effective 
internal control 
over financial 
reporting and 
 for 
its 
assessment 
of 
the 
effectiveness 
of 
internal 
control 
over 
financial 
reporting, 
included 
in 
the 
accompanying 
 Item 9A, Management s 
Report on Internal 
Control over Financial Reporting . Our 
responsibility is to 
express an 
 opinion on the 
Company s internal 
control over financial 
reporting based on 
our audit. We 
are a public 
accounting 
 firm 
registered 
with 
the 
PCAOB and 
are 
required 
to 
be 
independent 
with 
respect 
to 
the 
Company in 
accordance 
 with 
U.S. 
federal 
securities 
laws 
and 
the 
applicable 
rules 
and 
regulations 
of 
the 
Securities 
and 
Exchange 
 Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. 
 Those standards require 
that we plan 
and perform the 
audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether effective 
 internal 
control 
over 
financial 
reporting 
was 
maintained 
in 
all 
material 
respects. 
Our 
audit 
included 
obtaining 
an 
 understanding 
of 
internal 
control 
over 
financial 
reporting, 
assessing 
the 
risk 
that 
a 
material 
weakness 
exists, 
and 
 testing and 
evaluating the 
design and 
operating effectiveness 
of internal 
control based 
on assessed 
risk. Our 
audit 
 also included 
performing such 
other procedures 
as we 
considered necessary 
in the 
circumstances. We 
believe that 
 our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
 A 
company s 
internal 
control 
over 
financial 
reporting 
is 
a 
process 
designed 
to 
provide 
reasonable 
assurance 
 regarding the 
reliability of 
financial reporting 
and the 
preparation of 
financial statements 
for external 
purposes in 
 accordance 
with 
generally 
accepted 
accounting 
principles. 
A 
company s 
internal 
control 
over 
financial 
reporting 
 includes 
those 
policies 
and 
procedures 
that 
(1) 
pertain 
to 
the 
maintenance 
of 
records 
that, 
in 
reasonable 
detail, 
 accurately and 
fairly reflect 
the transactions 
and dispositions 
of the 
assets of 
the company; 
(2) provide 
reasonable 
 assurance 
that 
transactions 
are 
recorded 
as 
necessary 
to 
permit 
preparation 
of 
financial 
statements 
in 
accordance 
 with generally 
accepted accounting 
principles, and 
that receipts 
and expenditures 
of the 
company are 
being made 
 only 
in 
accordance with 
authorizations of 
management and 
directors of 
the 
company; and 
(3) provide 
reasonable 
 assurance 
regarding 
prevention 
or 
timely 
detection 
of 
unauthorized 
acquisition, 
use, 
or 
disposition 
of 
the 
 company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because 
of 
its 
inherent 
limitations, 
internal 
control 
over 
financial 
reporting 
may 
not 
prevent 
or 
detect 
 misstatements. 
Also, 
projections 
of 
any 
evaluation 
of 
effectiveness 
to 
future 
periods 
are 
subject 
to 
the 
risk 
that 
 controls 
may 
become 
inadequate 
because 
of 
changes 
in 
conditions, 
or 
that 
the 
degree 
of 
compliance 
with 
the 
 policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 /s/ BDO USA, LLP
 New York 
, 
NY 

 February 21, 2023

Table of Contents 
 118 
 ITEM 9B. 
Other Information 
 Not applicable. 
 ITEM 9C. 
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 PART 
III 
 ITEM 10. 
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information required by this item regarding our directors and executive 
officers and our corporate governance is 
 hereby incorporated by reference to the Section entitled Election of Directors, 
with respect to directors, and the 
 first paragraph of the Section entitled Corporate Governance - Board 
of Directors Meetings and Committees - 
 Audit Committee, with respect to corporate governance, in each case 
in our definitive 2023 Proxy Statement to be 
 filed pursuant to Regulation 14A and to the Section entitled Information 
about our Executive Officers in Part I of 
 this report, with respect to executive officers. 

 There have been no changes to the procedures by which stockholders 
may recommend nominees to our Board of 
 Directors since our last disclosure of such procedures, which appeared 
in our definitive 2022 Proxy Statement filed 
 pursuant to Regulation 14A on April 6, 2022. 
 Information required by this item concerning compliance with Section 
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
 1934 is hereby incorporated by reference to the Section entitled Delinquent 
Section 16(a) Reports in our 
 definitive 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, 
to the extent responsive disclosure is 
 required. 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief 
 Accounting Officer and Controller. 
We make available free of charge through our Internet website, 
 www.henryschein.com, 
under the About Henry Schein--Corporate Governance 
Highlights caption, our Code of 
 Ethics. 
We intend to disclose on our Web 
site any amendment to, or waiver of, a provision of the Code 
of Ethics. 
 ITEM 11. 
Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference 
to the Sections 
entitled Compensation 
 Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Committee Report (which 
information shall be deemed furnished in 
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K), Executive and Director Compensation and 
 Compensation Committee 
 Interlocks and Insider Participation in our definitive 2023 Proxy 
Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A. 

Table of Contents 
 119 
 ITEM 12. 
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
and Related Stockholder 
 Matters 
 We maintain several stock incentive plans for the benefit of certain officers, directors and employees. 
All active 
 plans have been approved by our stockholders. 
Descriptions of these plans appear in the notes to our consolidated 
 financial statements. 
The following table summarizes information relating to these plans as of December 
31, 2022: 
 Number of Common 
 Shares to be Issued Upon 
 Weighted- 
Average 
 Number of Common 
 Exercise of Outstanding 
 Exercise Price of 
 Shares Available 
for 
 Plan Category 
 Options and Rights 
 Outstanding Options 
 Future Issuances 
 Plans Approved by Stockholders 

 - 
 
 - 
 8,227,096 
 Plans Not Approved by Stockholders 

 - 
 - 
 - 
 Total 

 - 
 
 - 
 8,227,096 
 The other information required by this item is hereby incorporated by 
reference to the Section entitled Security 
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in our definitive 
2023 Proxy Statement to be filed 
 pursuant to Regulation 14A. 
 ITEM 13. 
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference 
to the Section entitled Certain 
 Relationships and Related Transactions and Corporate Governance Board of Directors Meetings and 
 Committees Independent Directors in our definitive 2023 Proxy Statement 
to be filed pursuant to Regulation 
 14A.
 ITEM 14. 
Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference 
to the Section entitled Independent 
 Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Pre-Approval Policies and 
Procedures in our definitive 2023 Proxy 
 Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A.
 PART 
IV 
 ITEM 15. 
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

 (a)
 List of Documents Filed as a Part of This Report: 
 1. 
 Financial Statements: 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements filed as a part of this report 
are listed on the index on 

 Page 60. 
 2. 
 Index to Exhibits: 
 See exhibits listed under Item 15(b) below. 

Table of Contents 
 120 
 (b) Exhibits
 2.1 
 Contribution and Distribution Agreement, dated as of April 20, 2018, by and 
 among us, HS Spinco, Inc., Direct Vet Marketing, Inc. and Shareholder 
 Representative Services LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our 
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2018 (film no. 18767875).) 
 2.2 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 20, 2018, by and among us, HS 
 Spinco, Inc, HS Merger Sub, Inc., Direct Vet Marketing, Inc. and Shareholder 
 Representative Services LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to our 
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 23, 2018 (film no. 18767875).) 
 2.3 

Letter Agreement, Amendment No. 1 to Contribution and Distribution Agreement 
 and Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 
 14, 2018, by and among us, HS Spinco, Inc., HS Merger Sub, Inc., Direct Vet 
 Marketing, Inc. and Shareholder Representative Services LLC.( Incorporated by 
 reference to Exhibit 2.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year 
 ended December 29, 2018 filed on February 20, 2019.) 

2.4 

Letter Agreement and Amendment No. 2 to Contribution and Distribution 
 Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2018, by and among us, HS Spinco, Inc., 
 Direct Vet Marketing, Inc. and Shareholder Representative Services LLC. 
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
 the fiscal year ended December 29, 2018 filed on February 20, 2019.) 
 2.5 

Letter Agreement and Amendment No. 3 to Contribution and Distribution 
 Agreement and Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of 
 December 25, 2018, by and among us, HS Spinco, Inc., HS Merger Sub, Inc., 
 Direct Vet Marketing, Inc. and Shareholder Representative Services 
 LLC.(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.5 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2018 filed on February 20, 2019.) 
 2.6 

Letter Agreement and Amendment No. 4 to Contribution and Distribution 
 Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2019, by and among us, HS Spinco, Inc., Direct 
 Vet Marketing, Inc. and Shareholder Representative Services LLC.(Incorporated 
 by reference to Exhibit 2.6 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year 
 ended December 29, 2018 filed on February 20, 2019.) 
 3.1 

Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Henry Schein, Inc. 
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed 
 on June 1, 2018.) 
 3.2 

Third Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company, effective May 13, 2021. 
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed 
 on May 17, 2021.) 
 4.1 

Third Amended and Restated Multicurrency Master Note Purchase Agreement, 
 dated as of October 20, 2021, by and among us, Metropolitan Life Insurance 
 Company, MetLife Investment Management, LLC and each MetLife affiliate 
 which becomes party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to our 
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2021.) 

Table of Contents 
 121 
 4.2 
 Third Amended and Restated Master Note Facility, dated as of October 20, 2021, 
 by and among us, NYL Investors LLC and each New York Life affiliate which 
 becomes party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Current 
 Report on Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2021.) 
 4.3 
 Third Amended and Restated Multicurrency Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of 
 October 20, 2021, by and among us, PGIM, Inc. and each Prudential affiliate which 
 becomes party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current 
 Report on Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2021.) 
 4.4 
 Multicurrency Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and 
 among us, AIG Asset Management (U.S.), LLC and each AIG affiliate which 
 becomes party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current 
 Report on Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2021.) 
 4.5 
 Description of Securities. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to our Annual 
 Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2021 filed on 
 February 15, 2022.) 
 10.1 
 Henry Schein, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective as 
 of May 14, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report 
 on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2013.) 
 10.2 
 Form of 2019 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for performance-based restricted 
 stock unit awards pursuant to the Henry Schein, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (as 
 amended and restated effective as of May 14, 2013). (Incorporated by reference to 
 Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended 
 March 30, 2019 filed on May 7, 2019.) 
 10.3 
 Form of 2019 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for time-based restricted stock unit 
 awards pursuant to the Henry Schein, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended 
 and restated effective as of May 14, 2013). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 30, 
 2019 filed on May 7, 2019.) 
 10.4 
 Henry Schein, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective as 
 of May 21, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report 
 on Form 8-K filed on May 26, 2020.) 
 10.5 
 Form of 2021 Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Henry Schein, Inc. 2020 
 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective as of May 21, 2020). 
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed 
 on March 8, 2021.) 

Table of Contents 
 122 
 10.6 
 Form of 2021 Special Pandemic Recognition Award Restricted Stock Unit 
 Agreement for time-based restricted stock unit awards pursuant to the Henry 
 Schein, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective as of 
 May 21, 2020). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report 
 on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 27, 2021 filed on May 4, 
 2021.) 
 10.7 
 Form of 2022 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for time-based restricted stock unit 
 awards pursuant to the Henry Schein, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended 
 and restated effective as of May 21, 2020). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 26, 
 2022 filed on May 3, 2022.) 
 10.8 
 Form of 2022 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for performance-based restricted 
 stock unit awards pursuant to the Henry Schein, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (as 
 amended and restated effective as of May 21, 2020). (Incorporated by reference to 
 Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended 
 March 26, 2022 filed on May 3, 2022.) 
 10.9 
 Henry Schein, Inc. 2015 Non-Employee Director Stock Incentive Plan. 
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 for the fiscal quarter ended June 27, 2015 filed on July 29, 2015.) 
 10.10 
 Form of 2018 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for time-based restricted stock unit 
 awards pursuant to the Henry Schein, Inc. 2015 Non-Employee Director Stock 
 Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective as of June 22, 2015). 
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2018 filed on May 8, 2018.) 
 10.11 
 Henry Schein, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, amended and restated 
 effective as of January 1, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 28, 2013 
 filed on November 5, 2013.) 
 10.12 
 Amendment Number One to the Henry Schein, Inc. Supplemental Executive 
 Retirement Plan, amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2014. 

(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
 the fiscal year ended December 28, 2020 filed on February 20, 2020.) 
 10.13 
 Amendment Number Two to the Henry Schein, Inc. Supplemental Executive 
 Retirement Plan, amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2014. 
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 for the fiscal quarter ended March 28, 2020 filed on May 5, 2020.) 
 10.14 
 Amendment Number Three to the Henry Schein, Inc. Supplemental Executive 
 Retirement Plan, amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2014. 
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 for the fiscal quarter ended September 26, 2020 filed on November 2, 2020.) 

Table of Contents 
 123 
 10.15 
 Henry Schein, Inc. 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, effective as of May 25, 
 2004. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit D to our definitive 2004 Proxy 
 Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on April 27, 2004.) 
 10.16 
 Henry Schein, Inc. Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan, amended 
 and restated effective as of January 1, 2005. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
 10.11 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 
 2008 filed on February 24, 2009.) 
 10.17 
 Henry Schein, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan. (Incorporated by reference to 
 Exhibit 10.23 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 
 December 25, 2010 filed on February 22, 2011.) 
 10.18 
 Amendment to the Henry Schein, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan. (Incorporated 
 by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal 
 year ended December 31, 2011 filed on February 15, 2012.) 
 10.19 
 Amendment Number Two to the Henry Schein, Inc. Deferred Compensation 
 Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to our Annual Report on Form 
 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2013 filed on February 11, 2014.) 
 10.20 
 Amendment Number Three to the Henry Schein, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
 the fiscal year ended December 28, 2013 filed on February 11, 2014.) 
 10.21 
 Amendment Number Four to the Henry Schein, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
 the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 filed on February 21, 2017.) 
 10.22 
 Amendment Number Five to the Henry Schein, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
 the fiscal year ended December 28, 2020 filed on February 20, 2020.) 
 10.23 
 Amendment Number Six to the Henry Schein, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 for the fiscal quarter ended March 28, 2020 filed on May 5, 2020.) 
 10.24 
 Henry Schein Management Team Performance Incentive Plan and Plan Summary, 
 effective as of January 1, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our 
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 29, 2014 filed 
 on May 6, 2014.) 
 10.25 
 Form of Performance-Based RSU Award Agreement for Stanley M. Bergman 
 Pursuant to the Henry Schein, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (as Amended and 
 Restated as of May 14, 2013). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our 
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2019.) 

Table of Contents 
 124 
 10.26 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of November 28, 2022, 
 by and between Henry Schein, Inc. and Stanley M. Bergman. (Incorporated by 
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 
 29, 2022.) 
 10.27 
 Letter Agreement dated November 11, 2021 between Henry Schein, Inc. and Brad 
 Connett. + 
 10.28 
 Agreement dated November 11, 2021 between Henry Schein, Inc. and Brad 
 Connett. + 
 10.29 
 Special Incentive Plan dated May 24, 2021 between Henry Schein, Inc. and Brad 
 Connett. #+ 
 10.30 
 Form of Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement dated December 12, 
 2008 between us and certain executive officers who are a party thereto (James 
 Breslawski, Michael S. Ettinger, Mark Mlotek and Steven Paladino, respectively). 
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
 the fiscal year ended December 27, 2008 filed on February 24, 2009.) 
 10.31 
 Form of Amendment to Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement 
 effective January 1, 2012 between us and certain executive officers who are a party 
 thereto (James Breslawski, Michael S. Ettinger, Mark Mlotek and Steven Paladino, 
 respectively). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on 
 Form 8-K filed on January 20, 2012.) 
 10.32 
 Form of Change in Control Agreement between us and certain executive officers 
 who are a party thereto (Walter Siegel). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 
 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 30, 2019 
 filed on May 7, 2019.) 
 
 10.33 
 Henry Schein, Inc. Executive Change in Control Plan, effective as of May 2, 2022 
 between us and certain executive officers who are a party thereto (Ronald N. South, 
 Brad Connett, David Brous, and Lorelei McGlynn). (Incorporated by reference to 
 Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended 
 March 26, 2022 filed on May 3, 2022.) 
 10.34 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between us and certain directors and executive 
 officers who are a party thereto (Mohamed Ali, Deborah Derby, Joseph L. Herring, 
 Kurt P. Kuehn, Philip A. Laskawy, Anne H. Margulies, Steven Paladino, Carol 
 Raphael, Scott P. Serota, Bradley T. Sheares, Ph.D., Reed V. Tuckson, M.D., 
 FACP, Stanley M. Bergman, James P. Breslawski, David Brous, Brad Connett, 
 Michael S. Ettinger, Lorelei McGlynn, Mark E. Mlotek, Walter Siegel and Ronald 
 N. South, respectively). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly 
 Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 26, 2015 filed on 
 November 4, 2015.) 

Table of Contents 
 125 
 10.35 
 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2021, 
 among us, the several lenders parties thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as 
 administrative agent. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current 
 Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2021.) 
 10.36 
 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as 
 servicer, HSFR, Inc., as seller, The Bank of Tokyo -Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., as agent 
 and the various purchaser groups from time to time party thereto. (Incorporated by 
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 19, 
 2013.) 
 10.37 
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of September 22, 2014 to the Receivables Purchase 
 Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as servicer, HSFR, Inc., 
 as seller, The Bank of Tokyo -Mitsubishi UFJ, LTD., New York Branch, as agent 
 and the various purchaser groups from time to time party thereto. (Incorporated by 
 reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 
 26, 2014.) 
 10.38 
 Amendment No. 2 dated as of April 17, 2015 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, 
 dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as performance guarantor, HSFR, 
 Inc., as seller, The Bank of Tokyo -Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as 
 agent and the various purchaser groups party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to 
 Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended 
 June 25, 2016 filed on August 4, 2016.) 
 10.39 
 Amendment No. 3 dated as of June 1, 2016 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, 
 dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as performance guarantor, HSFR, 
 Inc., as seller, The Bank of Tokyo -Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as 
 agent and the various purchaser groups party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to 
 Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended 
 June 25, 2016 filed on August 4, 2016.) 
 10.40 
 Amendment No. 4 dated as of July 6, 2017 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, 
 dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as performance guarantor, HSFR, 
 Inc., as seller, The Bank of Tokyo -Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as 
 agent and the various purchaser groups party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to 
 Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended 
 September 30, 2017 filed on November 6, 2017.) 
 10.41 
 Amendment No. 5 dated as of May 13, 2019 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, 
 dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as performance guarantor, HSFR, 
 Inc., as seller, The Bank of Tokyo -Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as 
 agent and the various purchaser groups party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to 
 Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended 
 June 29, 2019 filed on August 6, 2019.) 

Table of Contents 
 126 
 10.42 
 Limited Waiver dated as of May 22, 2020 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, 
 dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as servicer, HSFR, Inc., as seller, 
 lender, as agent and the various purchaser groups from time to time party thereto, 
 as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Quarterly Report on 
 Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 27, 2020 filed on August 4, 2020.) 
 10.43 
 Amendment No. 6 dated as of June 22, 2020 to the Receivables Purchase 
 Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as servicer, HSFR, Inc., 
 as seller, lender, as agent and the various purchaser groups from time to time party 
 thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 
 8-K filed on June 25, 2020.) 
 10.44 
 Amendment No. 7 dated as of October 20, 2021 to Receivables Purchase 
 Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as servicer, HSFR, Inc., 
 as seller, lender, as agent and the various purchaser groups from time to time party 
 thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 
 8-K filed on October 21, 2021.) 
 10.45 
 Amendment No. 8 dated as of December 15, 2022 to Receivables Purchase 
 Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as servicer, HSFR, Inc., 
 as seller, lender, as agent and the various purchaser groups from time to time party 
 thereto. + 
 10.46 
 Omnibus Amendment No. 1, dated July 22, 2013, to Receivables Purchase 
 Agreement dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as servicer, HSFR, Inc., as 
 seller, The Bank of Tokyo -Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., as agent, and the various 
 purchaser groups from time to time party thereto and Receivables Sales Agreement, 
 dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, certain of our wholly-owned 
 subsidiaries and HSFR, Inc., as buyer. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 
 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 29, 2013 
 filed on August 6, 2013.) 
 10.47 
 Omnibus Amendment No. 2, dated April 21, 2014, to Receivables Purchase 
 Agreement dated as of April 17, 2013, as amended, by and among us, as servicer, 
 HSFR, Inc., as seller, The Bank of Tokyo -Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., as agent, and the 
 various purchaser groups from time to time party thereto and Receivables Sales 
 Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, certain of our wholly- 
 owned subsidiaries and HSFR, Inc., as buyer. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
 10.8 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 29, 
 2014 filed on May 6, 2014.) 
 10.48 
 Receivables Sale Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, certain 
 of our wholly-owned subsidiaries and HSFR, Inc., as buyer. (Incorporated by 
 reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 19, 
 2013.) 
 21.1 
 List of our Subsidiaries.+ 
 23.1 
 Consent of BDO USA, LLP.+ 

Table of Contents 
 127 
 31.1 
 Certification of our Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.+ 
 31.2 
 Certification of our Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.+ 
 32.1 
 Certification of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant 
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.+ 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not 
 appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded 
 within the Inline XBRL document.+ 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document+ 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document+ 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document+ 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document+ 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document+ 
 104 
 The cover page of Henry Schein, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL 
 (included within Exhibit 101 attachments).+ 
 _________ 
 + 
Filed or furnished herewith. 
 Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company 
 hereby agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any of the omitted schedules and exhibits upon request 
 by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or agreement. 
 # Certain identified information has been excluded from the exhibit because it is both not material and is 
 the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 
 ITEM 16. 
Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 

Table of Contents 
 128 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly 
 caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, 
thereunto duly authorized. 

 Henry Schein, Inc. 
 By: /s/ STANLEY M. BERGMAN 
 Stanley M. Bergman 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 February 21, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this 
report has been signed below by the 
 following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on 
the dates indicated. 
 Signature 
 Capacity 
 Date 
 /s/ STANLEY M. BERGMAN 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 
 February 21, 2023 
 Stanley M. Bergman 
 and Director (principal executive officer) 
 /s/ RONALD N. SOUTH 
 Senior Vice President, Chief 
Financial Officer 
 February 21, 2023 
 Ronald N. South 
 
(principal financial and accounting officer) 
 /s/ JAMES P. 
BRESLAWSKI 
 Vice Chairman, President 
and Director 
 February 21, 2023 
 James P. 
Breslawski 
 /s/ MARK E. MLOTEK 
 Director 
 February 21, 2023 
 Mark E. Mlotek 
 /s/ MOHAMAD ALI 
 Director 
 February 21, 2023 
 Mohamad Ali 
 /s/ DEBORAH DERBY 
 Director 
 February 21, 2023 
 Deborah Derby 
 /s/ JOSEPH L. HERRING 
 Director 
 February 21, 2023 
 Joseph L. Herring 
 /s/ KURT P. 
KUEHN 
 Director 
 February 21, 2023 
 Kurt P. 
Kuehn 
 /s/ PHILIP A. LASKAWY 
 Director 
 February 21, 2023 
 Philip A. Laskawy 
 /s/ ANNE H. MARGULIES 
 Director 
 February 21, 2023 
 Anne H. Margulies 
 /s/ STEVEN PALADINO 
 Director 
 February 21, 2023 
 Steven Paladino 
 /s/ CAROL RAPHAEL 
 Director 
 February 21, 2023 
 Carol Raphael 
 /s/ SCOTT SEROTA 
 Director 
 February 21, 2023 
 Scott Serota 
 /s/ BRADLEY T. SHEARES, 
PH. D. 
 Director 
 February 21, 2023 
 Bradley T. 
Sheares, Ph. D. 
 /s/ REED V. 
TUCKSON, M.D., FACP 
 Director 
 February 21, 2023 
 Reed V. 
Tuckson, M.D., FACP 

<EX-101.SCH>
 2
 hsic-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 3
 hsic-20221231_cal.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 4
 hsic-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 5
 hsic-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 6
 hsic-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-10.27>
 7
 exhibit1027.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.27

HTML 

Exhibit 10.27 

November 11, 2021 
 Dear Brad, Congratulations! On behalf of Henry Schein, Inc.,
this letter will serve to confirm your promotion to the position of Chief Executive Officer, North America Distribution Group , reporting to Stanley Bergman, Chairman and CEO, Henry Schein, Inc. , Effective date: 09/15/2021. 
 This letter will confirm the following salary adjustment effective 9/15/2021: 
 Base Salary: 575,000 per annum (less appropriate tax withholdings), payable on a bi-weekly 
basis. Salary reviews for exempt professional employees are generally conducted annually in March of each year. You will be considered for a salary review in March 2022. You recognize that the Company retains the right to establish and modify
compensation, benefits and working conditions for its employees, and for its various categories of employees, in its sole discretion. 
 Annual Bonus: You will be eligible for an annual target bonus of up to 500,000 (less appropriate tax withholdings) based on your
achievement of agreed upon goals. This bonus target along with your prior bonus target of 325,000 (less appropriate tax withholdings) will be calculated and then pro-rated based upon the effective date
of your compensation adjustment. Both portions of your bonus, if earned, will be payable in March 2022. Thereafter, your goals, objectives and performance bonus targets will be developed on an annual on-going 
basis. In order to earn any annual bonus, you must be employed on the date such bonus is paid. Auto Allowance: You will
continue to be eligible to participate in the Company s Executive Automobile Plan, which currently provides for an allowance of 20,400 per year, payable monthly, less appropriate tax withholdings. 
 Total Annual Cash (aggregate base salary, annual bonus target and auto allowance): 1,095,400 
 Annual LTIP: You will be eligible to participate in the Company s Annual Long Term Incentive (LTI) program. Your anticipated
grant will have an estimated value of 1,000,000 and will be granted in March 2022, subject to your continued employment from the date hereof through the actual grant date. The LTI program currently consists of equity issuable in
accordance with the Company s 2020 Stock Incentive Plan. Future eligibility to participate in the Company s LTI program, or any successor equity award program offered by the Company, is subject to the sole and absolute discretion of the
Compensation Committee. The actual equity award, if any, will be determined on the grant date. All awards shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the LTI program and the agreements incident thereto and the full discretion and
approval of the Compensation Committee. Total Annual Compensation (cash equity): 2,095,400 
 Retention Bonus: You will be eligible for a Retention Bonus in the total amount of 2,000,000 which will be paid in 2
installments. So long as you are actively employed with the Company, within 90 days of the date that you sign this letter, you will receive a Retention Bonus of 1,000,000 less appropriate 

Page
 2
 of 5 
 
tax withholdings First Installment ). On or about March 1, 2022, provided you continue to be employed, you will receive a second installment payment of the Retention Bonus in the
amount of 1,000,000 Second Installment ), less appropriate tax withholdings. If you resign for any reason or are terminated for Cause (as defined below) within 12 months of any of these two installment payment dates, you will
reimburse the Company for 50 of the last Retention Bonus installment payment. Legal Fees : The Company will provide you with a cash
payment in the amount of 5,000 (net of all regular and customary payroll deductions) which is intended to cover any and all expenses that you might have in connection with the legal review of this letter agreement and the accompanying
confidentiality, non-solicitation and non-compete agreement. The payment will be made within ten (10) business days of your execution of this letter. 
 Termination: You acknowledge and agree that you are an employee at-will and that the Company may
terminate your employment at any time, with or without cause. Upon termination by the Company for any reason, the Company shall have no obligation to you for any form of compensation or benefits, except as otherwise required by law or as expressly
set forth in this paragraph, other than (a) unpaid salary earned or accrued through the date of termination, and (b) reimbursement of appropriately documented expenses incurred by you before the termination, to the extent that you would
have been entitled to such reimbursement under the Company s policies but for the termination of employment. In the event that the Company terminates your employment without Cause, you shall receive as severance, subject to the terms and
conditions set forth herein: (1) continued base salary for eighteen months (the Severance Period following the effective date of such termination, which shall be payable, subject to the following paragraph concerning
Section 409A Compliance, in equal installments in accordance with the Company s payroll practices beginning on the first payroll date after the 60 th day following your termination;
(2) provided that you make a timely election under COBRA, waiver of the applicable premium otherwise payable for COBRA continuation coverage for you (and, to the extent covered immediately prior to the date of your termination, your spouse and
eligible dependents) for a period equal to the Severance Period (but in no event longer than the maximum COBRA period under applicable law) or if the Company determines that the waiving of the COBRA premiums would result in a violation of the
Affordable Care Act, the nondiscrimination rules of Section 105(h)(2) of the Code or any other statute or regulation, then, in lieu thereof, you will receive monthly payments equal to the monthly applicable premium, as that term is
defined under COBRA; and (3) a prorated amount of your annual target bonus based upon the number of full months of completed employment as of the date of termination, payable subject to the following paragraph concerning Section 409A
Compliance, at the time the Company pays annual bonuses to its active employees (amounts under (1), (2) and (3), collectively, the Severance Benefits ). In addition, in the event that you are terminated without Cause prior to the payment
of the second installment payment of the Retention Bonus, you will also receive the second installment payment of the Retention Bonus payable subject to the following paragraph concerning Section 409A Compliance Additional Severance
Benefit ). All Severance Benefits (including the Additional Severance Benefit, if applicable) are only payable provided that you timely execute (and do not revoke) a general waiver and release agreement agreed to by you in a form approved by
the Company. These severance payments will be subject to all regular and customary payroll deductions. You understand that in the event the Company reemploys you during the period which the severance benefits are being paid, severance payments will
cease after you have received severance pay for all the weeks you were not employed by the Company. You also understand in the event that you breach any other agreement with the Company, including any
 non-competition or other restrictive covenant agreement with the Company, all severance payments will cease and the Company shall have the right to recover any severance payments previously paid or provided to
you. 

Page
 3
 of 5 
 For purposes of this letter agreement, Cause shall mean: (1) fraud,
intentional and substantial misrepresentation or similar malfeasance, committed in connection with the performance of your duties hereunder; (2) theft of Company property; (3) conviction of a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude
whether or not related to your employment or entering a plea of guilty or nolo contendere (or similar plea) to a charge of such an offense; (4) use of alcohol to an extent that it interferes with the performance of your duties under the
Agreement or any unlawful controlled substance; (5) material violation of any express, lawful written direction of the Executive Committee of the Company or your manager or material violation of any written rule, regulation, policy or plan
established by the Company from time to time; (6) gross insubordination; (7) repeated or continued absence (amounting to five full business days consecutively) from work during normal business hours for reasons other than disability,
sickness, approved vacation or other approved time off; (8) written misrepresentation of a material fact or omission of information necessary to make the information supplied not materially misleading in any application or other information
provided by you to the Company or any representative of the Company in connection with your employment with the Company and/or selection for the position contemplated hereby; (9) the unauthorized and intentional disclosure of Confidential
Information (as defined in the accompanying confidentiality, non-solicitation, non-compete and/or inventions agreement); or (10) the existence of any knowing
material conflict between the interests of the Company and you that is not disclosed in writing by you to the Executive Committee of the Company within a reasonable time of the discovery of such conflict and approved in writing by the authority of
the Executive Committee of the Company; provided, however, that Cause shall not be deemed to have occurred with respect to sub-sections (5), (6) or (7) above unless you have first received
written notice of conduct complained of by the Company which specifically sets forth the conduct complained of and refers to this paragraph, and if such conduct is capable of being cured, you have failed to cure such conduct within a period of 30
days from the date of such notice. Section 409A Compliance: Although the Company does not guarantee you any
particular treatment related to the payments or benefits hereunder, it is intended that the payments and benefits herein shall be exempt from, or comply with, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations and guidance
promulgated thereunder (collectively Section 409A ), and all provisions of the Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, in no event whatsoever shall the Company be liable for any taxes or penalties that may be imposed on you by Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything
contained herein to the contrary, each and every payment made hereunder shall be treated as a separate and distinct payment and not as a series of payments. In no event shall you designate the tax year of the commencement of any payments or benefits
hereunder and the Company shall determine the actual commencement date of payment of any payments or benefits hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained herein to the contrary, if you are a specified employee 
(determined in accordance with Code Section 409A and Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(2)) as of the termination date, and if any payment, benefit or entitlement provided for
hereunder constitutes a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A, then any such payment, benefit or entitlement that is payable during the first 6 months following the date of your separation from service
shall be paid or provided to you in a lump sum cash payment to be made on the earlier of (x) your death or (y) the first business day of the seventh calendar month immediately following the month in which the separation from service
occurs. A termination of employment shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this letter providing for the payment of any amounts or benefits, which are subject to Code Section 409A, upon or following a termination
of employment unless such termination is also a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A (and the guidance issued thereunder) and, for purposes of any such provision of this letter, references to a
 resignation, termination, termination of employment, retirement or like terms shall mean separation from service. To the extent that any reimbursements payable pursuant to this letter agreement are
subject to 

Page
 4
 of 5 
 
the provisions of Section 409A, (i) any such reimbursements payable to you pursuant to this letter agreement shall be paid to you no later than December 31 st of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred, (ii) the amount of expenses reimbursed in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent
year, and (iii) your right to reimbursement under this letter agreement will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 Your annual PTO entitlement will remain unchanged and will be subject to the Company s policies. 
 You will continue to be eligible to participate in the Company s annual Executive Physical Program. 
 It is important to understand that you will continue to be employed at-will, that our
Company does not offer employment on a fixed term or guaranteed basis and the representations in this letter and those discussed in our meetings and phone conversations with you should not be construed in any manner as a proposed contract for any
fixed term of employment. You will be required to execute an updated confidentiality,
 non-solicitation and non-compete agreement (the Agreement as a condition of your employment. This offer and your employment with the Company are contingent
on your execution of this document and the Agreement as requested by the Company. If you have any questions or desire further information,
feel free to contact me at 631-484-4729. Please
acknowledge your acceptance of this offer by signing a copy of this letter and returning it to me. 

Very truly yours, 

/s/ Lorelei McGlynn 
 
 Lorelei McGlynn 
 
 SVP and Chief Human Resource Officer 

Accepted by: 

/s/ Bradford Connett 
 
 Bradford Connett 

Page
 5
 of 5 
 2021 Annual Compensation 

Item 
 
 Current 
 
 Updated (Effective 9/15/21) 

Base Salary 
 
 475,000 
 
 575,000(+21 
 
 Bonus Target (Paid in Q1 2022) 
 
 325,000 (68 of Base) 
 
 500,000 1 (87 of Base) 
 One-time Compensation Package 

Item 
 
 Current (Awarded in May) 
 
 Additional Approved Award 

One-time Comp 
 
 Special Cash Retention: 200,000 
 Special Incentive Plan: 400,000 
 Total Special Award: 600,000 
 
 1,000,000 Cash Bonus on or about 10/1/2021 2 1,000,000 Cash Bonus on or about
3/1/2022 2 Total Special Award of 2,000,000 
 2022 LTIP Commitment 

Item 

Proposed 

2022 LTIP 

1,000,000 to be awarded in March of 2022 Subject to the Compensation
Committee s Final Approval in March 
 Notes: 

1. 
 New bonus target to be pro-rated for the remainder of 2021.

2. 
 In exchange for an updated non-compete. For each of the payment, if you
leave the Company for any reason within 12 months of the payment date, you must reimburse the Company for 50 of the entire award amount. 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 8
 exhibit1028.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.28

HTML 

Exhibit 10.28 
 AGREEMENT THIS
AGREEMENT Agreement dated November 11, 2021 (the Effective Date is between Henry Schein, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company whose principal place of business is 135 Duryea Road,
Melville, N.Y., and Bradford C. Connett Employee ). WHEREAS, Employee is and has recently been President of the U.S.
Medical Group of the Company, and in this capacity, is one of the most senior executives in the Company, and is a member of the Executive Management Committee; and 
 WHEREAS, Employee is being further promoted by the Company, to the new role of Chief Executive Officer of the Company s North American
Distribution Group, which will be one of the most senior positions in the Company, leading a large portion of the Company s business; and 
 WHEREAS, the parties acknowledge that Employee is and will be a unique employee of the Company, and that Employee will be privy to key and
critical confidential information and trade secrets concerning the entire Company, its affiliates, and their businesses, planning, strategic initiatives, expansion and futures, and concerning the Company s businesses, and the interaction among
the businesses of the Company s various units; and, the parties further acknowledge that in connection with and/or as part of Employee s employment by the Company, Employee is expected to have access to, and to assist in developing, highly
confidential and proprietary information related to the Company, its affiliates, divisions, groups, and/or their businesses, plans, products and services; and 
 WHEREAS, entry into this Agreement is a material part of Company agreeing to employ Employee in this role; and 
 WHEREAS, Employee has had an opportunity to consider the matter, has had the opportunity to review the terms and restrictions hereof with
independent legal counsel of his own choosing, and has made an independent and informed decision that this Agreement is (a) fair and not excessive; (b) necessary for the protection of the Company and its business; and (c) that entry
into this Agreement, and compliance with the terms hereof, including the restrictions set forth herein, is reasonable and is in the parties best interests. 
 NOW, in consideration of the premises, and in recognition of the confidential and proprietary information of the Company which he will utilize
and develop and/or to which he will be exposed and have access, and of the key employment he will be promoted to in the Company; and further in consideration of the covenants and promises herein contained, and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Employee agrees with the Company as follows: 
 Page 1 of
 12 

1. Specific Restrictions . 
 1.1 (a) During his employment with the Company and/or any affiliate, Employee shall work only on behalf of Company or such affiliate, and shall
devote his full time, energy, effort and loyalty to Company and any such affiliate, and shall not engage, directly or indirectly, in any actions or conduct which compete with, or which aid, further or assist any competitor of, or any entity
attempting to compete with, the Company and/or any affiliate of the Company. During his employment with the Company and/or any affiliate, the Employee shall not (unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Company) undertake any other business or
profession or be or become an employee or agent or consultant of any other firm, company or other person, or assist or have any financial interest in any other business or profession, except as specifically disclosed to (and agreed in advance by)
the Company; provided, however , nothing contained in this paragraph shall prevent Employee from holding for investment, no more than one percent (1 of any class of equity securities of a company whose securities are publicly traded on a
national securities exchange or in a national market system. (b) During Employee s employment with the Company or with any affiliate
of the Company, and for a period of eighteen (18) months after the date on which Employee ceases to be employed by the Company and/or its affiliates Restricted Period ), the Employee will not, without the prior written consent of
the Company: (i) aid or assist or be employed by any entity other than the Company or such affiliate, in connection with engaging in any Restricted Business, or in connection with the conduct of a Restricted Business;
(ii) aid or assist any entity other than the Company or an affiliate of the Company, in working in a Restricted Business; (iii) aid or assist any entity other than the Company, or an affiliate of the Company, in working in a
Restricted Business with a Restricted Customer, Business Associate and/or a Restricted Supplier; (iv) solicit, or attempt to solicit, on behalf of anyone other than the Company or an affiliate of the Company, the business or custom of a
Restricted Customer with a view to providing goods or services that compete or attempt to compete with those available from the Company or an affiliate; (v) attempt to divert or entice away from the Company or any affiliate, the business
or custom of an existing customer in any Restricted Business; (vi) solicit or attempt to encourage a Restricted Customer, Business Associate or a Restricted Supplier to enter into a transaction in any Restricted Business, with an entity other
than Company or an affiliate; (vii) except on behalf of the Company or its affiliates, be involved in the planning of sales, promotions, marketing or business efforts of any kind, in a Restricted Business; (viii) interfere
with the business relationships between Company or any of its affiliates, and any Restricted Customer, Business Associate or Restricted Supplier, or any vendor, distributor or supplier of the Company in a Restricted Business; (ix) except
in the good faith performance of his duties on behalf of the Company or its affiliates, induce any Restricted Customer, Restricted Supplier or Business Associate to terminate, modify or reduce their relationship with Company or any of its
affiliates; (x) advise, assist, or work for, any entity other than Company or one of its affiliates, in connection with (A) the development, sale, warehousing, marketing, delivery and/or distribution of products or services
(including technology/software products or services) to office based practitioners in the dental or medical field, or to any other entities in the healthcare field in similar settings (whether or not staffed by a physician or dentist), such as
ambulatory centers, and integrated delivery networks; (B) manufacturing activities in the dental and/or medical field, 
 Page 2 of
 12 

of the type conducted by Company or any affiliate at any time during the two (2) years prior to the last day of Employee s employment with the Company and/or its affiliates; or
(C) distribution services to dental, medical, device or product companies, in the office based dental, medical and/or healthcare markets in similar settings (whether or not staffed by a physician or dentist), such as ambulatory centers,
and integrated delivery networks; (xi) have an interest, directly or indirectly, in an entity or enterprise, which Employee is prohibited from working for or assisting under one of the other sections of this Agreement, during the period
when such prohibition is in effect; provided, however , that Employee may own, directly or indirectly, solely as an investment, less than one percent (1 of a class of publicly traded securities of any entity. 
 (c) During Employee s employment with the Company or any affiliate, and for a period of eighteen (18) months after the date
on which Employee ceases to be employed by the Company and/or its affiliates, Employee will not, directly or indirectly: (i) solicit any employee, consultant, director or officer of the Company for employment with any other employer or
firm, or assist any other person or entity in identifying for recruitment, or recruiting, any of such persons; (ii) except in the good faith performance of his duties while employed by the Company or an affiliate, encourage any employee
of the Company or an affiliate, to leave the employ of the Company or affiliate; (iii) encourage any employee of the Company or an affiliate to breach a contract with the Company or any affiliate; (iv) without the prior
written consent of the Company, pursue, engage in or utilize on behalf of anyone other than the Company or its affiliates, any proposed business arrangement or business plan on which Employee worked while employed by the Company or an affiliate.
 (d) As used in this Agreement, 
 (i) The term affiliate shall have the same meaning as under Securities laws of the United States, such as Rule 405
of the Securities Act of 1933. (ii) The term Business Associate shall have the following meaning:
(A) with respect to the period of Employee s employment with the Company or with any of its affiliates, a Business Associate shall be understood to mean: (1) any entity or person having material business relations
with the Company or an affiliate; and/or (2) any entity or person other than the Company or its affiliates, which, at any time during Employee s employment with the Company and/or its affiliates, worked with Company in identifying,
analyzing, evaluating, assisting, formulating or executing, a consummated or potential transaction or other business venture; (B) with respect to the period after Employee ceases to be employed by the Company and/or its affiliates, a
 Business Associate shall be understood to mean: (1) any entity or person having material business relations with the Company during the three (3) years prior to the last day of Employee s employment with the Company and/or its
affiliates, and which, at any time during the three (3) years prior to the last day of Employee s employment with the Company or its affiliates, had material business relationships with any part or aspect of the Company s North
American Distribution Group, and/or with any other business group or unit of the Company which reported to or was supervised by Employee, or about which Employee was exposed to Confidential Information in connection with his employment. 
 Page 3 of
 12 

(iii) The term Company as used in this Agreement shall be
understood to mean and include, Company, Company s affiliates, Company s direct and indirect subsidiaries, and Company s permitted assigns to whom this Agreement has been assigned. 
 (iv) The term Restricted Business shall have the following meaning: (A) with respect to the period of
Employee s employment with the Company or with any of its affiliates, Restricted Business shall be understood to mean: each and all of the business(es), lines of business, and/or business segments of the Company, and/or of any of
its affiliates; (B) with respect to the period after Employee ceases to be employed by the Company and its affiliates, Restricted Business shall be understood to mean: each of the business(es), lines of business, and/or
business segments of the Company and/or of any of its affiliates, which, at any time during the three (3) years prior to the last day of Employee s employment with the Company and/or its affiliates, reported to, worked with or was
supervised by Employee, or about which Employee, during his employment, learned or was provided, Confidential Information. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, at all times, Restricted Business shall include, without
limitation: each and all of the businesses, lines of business and business segments, of the Company s North American Distribution Group, and of any business group or unit of the Company and/or of any of its affiliates, which, at any time during
the three (3) years prior to the last day of Employee s employment with the Company and/or its affiliates: reported to or was supervised by Employee; worked with Employee; or about which Employee learned or was provided access to,
Confidential Information. (v) The term Restricted Customer shall mean: (A) with respect to the
period of Employee s employment with the Company or any of its affiliates, Restricted Customer shall be understood to mean: any customer of the Company or of any affiliate; (B) with respect to the period after Employee
ceases to be employed by the Company and its affiliates, Restricted Customer shall be understood to mean: (1) any firm, entity, company or other person, who, at any time during the thirty-six (36) months prior to
Employee s last day of employment with the Company and its affiliates, was a customer of: any business or line of business of the Company s North American Distribution Group; (2) any firm, entity, company or other person, who,
at any time during the thirty-six (36) months prior to Employee s last day of employment with the Company and/or its affiliates, was a customer of any business group or unit of the Company
and/or its affiliates, which, at any time during such thirty-six month period, reported to, worked with or was supervised by Employee, or about which Employee learned or was provided access to, Confidential
Information; (3) any customer of the Company or any affiliate who, at any time during the thirty-six (36) months prior to the date on which Employee ceases to be employed by the Company and/or its affiliates, was a customer of, or
in the custom of engaging in business dealings with, the Company or any affiliate, and with whom, at any time during such period, the Employee, or an employee under the supervision of Employee, dealt on behalf of the Company or affiliate; (4) 
any firm, entity, company or other person, with which, at any time during the thirty-six (36) months prior to the date on which Employee ceases to be employed by the Company and/or its affiliates, the Company or an affiliate had negotiations or
discussions regarding transactions and/or a business relationship, and with whom the Employee, or 
 Page 4 of
 12 

an employee under the supervision of Employee, dealt on behalf of the Company or affiliate at any time during such period; (5) any customer of the Company or its affiliates whom
Employee, or an employee under the supervision of Employee, at any time during the thirty six (36) months prior to Employee s last day of employment with the Company and/or its affiliates, was involved in soliciting, servicing or
selling to, or in planning, specific or directed sales, promotions or marketing to; and/or (5) any customer of the Company or its affiliates about whom Employee, at any time during the thirty-six (36) months prior to
Employee s last day of employment with the Company and/or its affiliates, accessed or received any Confidential Information. 
 (vi) The term Restricted Supplier shall have the following meaning: (A) with respect to the period of
Employee s employment with the Company or any of its affiliates, the term Restricted Supplier shall be understood to mean: any firm, company or other person who is a provider or supplier of goods or services (other than utilities
and goods or services supplied for administrative purposes) to the Company or any affiliate (and including, without limitation, any individual or entity who or which provided services to the Company or affiliate by way of a consultancy agreement);
(B) with respect to the period after Employee ceases to be employed by the Company and/or its affiliates, the term Restricted Supplier shall be understood to mean: any firm, company or other person who at any time during the thirty six
(36) months prior to Employee s last day of employment with the Company and/or its affiliates: (1) was a provider or supplier of goods or services (other than utilities and goods or services supplied for administrative
purposes) to any of the businesses, lines of business and/or business segments, of the North American Distribution Group, or of any business group or unit of the Company and/or any of its affiliates, which, at any time during such thirty-six
(36) month period, reported to, worked with or was supervised by Employee, or about which Employee learned or was provided access to, Confidential Information; (2) was a provider or supplier of goods or services (other than
utilities and goods or services supplied for administrative purposes) to the Company or any affiliate (and including, without limitation, any individual or entity who or which provided services to the Company or affiliate by way of a consultancy
agreement), and: (A) with whom the Employee, or an employee under the supervision of Employee, dealt on behalf of the Company or an affiliate during such period, or (B) for whom Employee was responsible on behalf of the
Company or affiliate, or (C) about whom Employee received Confidential Information. 1.2 (a) Employee acknowledges and the parties
agree that, as part of his employment with Company, Employee will receive from Company and/or Company s affiliates, and/or will develop or obtain during his employment with the Company or its affiliates, confidential and/or proprietary
information, including information that is not readily and properly available to the public, or is not readily and properly available to others in the trade, including, without limitation, (i) information disclosed to Employee and/or
Company in confidence, (ii) information developed by Company or its affiliates, or by Employee, while employed by Company or an affiliate, and not intended by Company or affiliate for disclosure to the public or trade; and/or
(iii) confidential information of other types, including, but not limited to: (1) confidential information concerning the Company, its affiliates, their operations, plans and strategic planning; (2) confidential business
plans and analysis, financial and market data and analysis; confidential information on the know how of the Company and its affiliates, 
 Page 5 of
 12 

business development, marketing, legal and accounting plans, strategies, methods, policies, procedures and techniques; (3) nonpublic data of the Company and/or its affiliates,
pertaining to business units and lines of business in which the Company or its affiliates compete or may compete, or may be considering a transaction or business; such information may include confidential information pertaining to units of the
Company which may not report to Employee, but as to which Employee learns information and may provide input; (4) research and development projects and results; (5) trade secrets and/or other knowledge or processes of or
developed or obtained by the Company or its affiliates; (6) information developed by Employee during his employment with Company; (7) names and addresses of certain confidential or shielded vendors, sources of supply,
suppliers and certain employees and customers; (8) confidential data on or relating to past, present or prospective customers, suppliers, products and markets; (9) the Company s and the Company s affiliates 
confidential information concerning operations, future business plans, pricing, strategies, acquisition plans, expansion plans and other matters; (10) Company s and Company s affiliates confidential information and
compilations of information, regarding operations, sales, revenues, sales plans, customers, products, methods of conducting and obtaining business, providing or advertising services, or obtaining customers; (11) the terms of agreements
or arrangements to which Company or its affiliates are or were a party; (12) gross and net profit margins and credit terms at which Company or its affiliates obtain product and/or sell and/or are willing to sell to any of its customers.
(The information described in Section 1.2(a) and its subparts is collectively referred to as Confidential Information .) Confidential Information shall also include a third party s information received by the
Company subject to an obligation of confidentiality, including, but not limited to, credit, financial and/or information subject to confidentiality obligations under HIPAA. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include
information which was generally known by, or readily available through proper means to, the general public or the trade, prior to Employee s receipt, use or disclosure of it. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, Employee may not disclose
or utilize, and shall protect and keep confidential, any information that Employee, in breach of this Agreement, released to third parties or the public, in violation of Employee s obligations by law or hereunder. 
 (b) The parties recognize and agree that the Confidential Information is confidential and/or proprietary to Company, and is the property of
the Company. During Employee s employment with the Company and/or any affiliate, and at all times following the termination of Employee s employment with Company and its affiliates for any reason, Employee shall not use for his own
benefit, or the benefit of any company, entity, or person, other than the Company or its affiliates, or disclose to any business, firm, corporation, association, venture, or any other entity or person, for any reason or purpose whatsoever (other
than making proper use thereof, while employed by Company in the proper conduct of the Company s business), the Confidential Information or any part thereof. 
 (c) Employee further agrees that, during the Restricted Period, he shall not, other than as provided herein, individually or together with
others, directly or indirectly, engage in any activity, action, work, business, enterprise or function (other than working for the Company and on its behalf) in which Confidential Information: (i) will be material to Employee s work
in such activity, action, work, business, enterprise or function, and/or (ii) would be disclosed to, or used on behalf of, anyone other than the Company or the Company s affiliates. 
 Page 6 of
 12 

1.3 (a) Employee acknowledges and the parties agree: that if Employee engaged in the
activities restricted under Sections 1.1 or 1.2 hereof, the improper use and disclosure of Company s Confidential Information would result, and/or that there would be unfair competition, and/or improper misappropriation and improper use of the
Confidential Information by persons or entities other than Company; and that the restrictions set forth in Sections 1.1, 1.2, and throughout this Agreement, are necessary to protect Company s Confidential Information from misappropriation or
improper use, and also to protect Company s customer, employee, and vendor relationships and good will, and its investment in its business. 
 (b) The parties contemplate that Employee s work and responsibilities on behalf of Company will be in, and/or directed to, the North
American distribution market, and that his subsequent work may be in the same, additional or other markets. Accordingly, the geographic scope of the restrictive provisions set forth herein, shall be (A) with respect to the period of
Employee s employ with the Company or any of its affiliates, the geographic territories and markets where the Company competes or does business; (B) with respect to the period after Employee ceases to be employed by the Company
and/or its affiliates, only (1) the geographic territories and markets in which any of the following operate or do business: (i) the North American Distribution Group; (ii) any other business(es), lines of business,
business segments, and/or any other business unit or business group, which, at any time during the thirty six (36) months prior to the last day on which Employee works for the Company and/or its affiliates, Employee supervises or leads,
or which, during such period, reported to Employee, or concerning which Employee learned or accessed, Confidential Information. 1.4
Employee expressly agrees that the provisions of this Section 1 and of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the restrictions of Sections 1.1, 1.2 and 1.3, and throughout the Agreement, are reasonable and are properly and necessarily
required for the adequate protection of the Company, and the business, and the operations, intellectual property, trade secrets, Confidential Information and goodwill of the Company and its affiliates. 
 1.5 Nothing contained herein shall diminish or supersede any additional protections which Company may have under any other applicable
agreements between the parties or otherwise, or under applicable law or any applicable Company policies. All such remedies shall be cumulative and severally enforceable. 
 2. Return of Company Property 2.1 All
documents, materials, data bases, analyses, electronic documents, hardware, software, advertising or sales material or information, price lists, customer lists, order forms, order guides, samples, inventory lists, company data and information,
smartphone, drives, data storage devices, notebook, tablet and laptop computers and the data contained therein, and/or other material or data of any kind furnished to Employee by Company or its affiliates, or prepared or obtained by Employee on
behalf or at the direction of Company or its affiliates, or in connection with Employee s employment, and all Confidential Information, and proprietary information of Company or its affiliates, shall be and remain the property solely of the
Company or such affiliates. 
 Page 7 of
 12 

2.2 Upon termination of Employee s employment for any reason, Employee will immediately
deliver to Company, all of Company s and Company s affiliates property, computers, drives, data, papers, books, manuals, lists, correspondence, and documents (regardless of their format or media), Confidential Information, and
proprietary information, as well as any other matters or materials which may involve the business of Company or any of its affiliates, together with all copies thereof, irrespective of whether Employee created the same or was involved with the same.
Employee will neither copy nor take any such material upon termination of Employee s employment for any reason, and will return all physical and electronic copies previously made. Employee shall not be entitled to, and shall not, retain any
copies thereof. Title and copyright therein shall vest in the Company. Employee shall also provide to Company, all passwords, codes, pins, and other access modalities, needed for, or to facilitate, access to, and/or use of, the computers, drives,
devices, documents, websites, cloud storage, and other devices, sites and materials, on which any Confidential Information or other property of the Company or its affiliates are located or accessible, and/or which belong to the Company or its
affiliates, or the return of which is provided for hereunder. The Employee shall not destroy any of such property, sites, or devices, except with the express, written permission of the Company, but instead shall deliver all such property to the
Company. Employee shall identify the location of all data and electronic copies of the Company s data, property and Confidential Information, and, if directed by Company, shall permit, assist in and facilitate, the removal and/or expungement of
the Company s data and information from media owned or controlled by Employee. For purposes of clarity, Form W-2s or other compensation and benefits information provided by Company to Employee shall not
be deemed Company property and may be retained by Employee, unless otherwise directed by the Company. 3. Employee hereby acknowledges and agrees that
notwithstanding termination or expiration of this Agreement, and notwithstanding termination of Employee s employment with the Company and/or its affiliates, and notwithstanding the reason(s) for any such termination, and notwithstanding which
party prompted any such termination, and notwithstanding any change in status, job title, responsibilities and function of Employee with the Company and/or its affiliates, the restrictions and provisions herein that contemplate survival after
termination, including, without limitation, the restrictions and provisions set forth in Sections 1 and 2 hereof, and in the subsections of those Sections, shall continue and remain in full force and effect, regardless of the reason for termination
of employment, or termination of this Agreement, or change in status, job title, responsibilities or function, and regardless of whether termination of employment or of this Agreement was initiated or caused by Company or by Employee. No claim or
counterclaim of Employee shall serve as a defense to enforcement of this Agreement by the Company or its affiliates. 4.
 Non-disparagement . Employee agrees that, during the Restricted Period as defined in Section 1.1(b) above, he shall not make, directly or indirectly, to any person or entity including, but not
limited to, present or former employees of the Company and/or the press, and/or to any others, any intentionally disparaging oral, electronic or written statements about the Company and/or any affiliate, its and their employees and customers,
products or services, or Employee s employment with or separation from employment with the Company, or intentionally do anything which materially discredits the Company and/or any affiliate and/or its and their services, reputation, financial
status, or business relationship; Employee agrees that he will not make any such intentionally disparaging statements, directly or indirectly, orally, in writing, or 
 Page 8 of
 12 

on any social media or other internet sites, including but not limited to, Facebook, Snapchat, Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn; or on any other blogging and/or microblogging sites; or on any
personal website or blog; or on any video sharing or hosting websites, including but not limited to YouTube; or by e-mailing such to any distribution list or list-serve to which Employee may subscribe, or
which Employee maintains, participates in or moderates. Nothing contained herein shall prevent Employee from testifying truthfully in any judicial, arbitral, administrative or regulatory body proceeding, or from acting or participating voluntarily
or involuntarily in an actual or possible government investigation, or investigation by the SEC, the NLRB, or other Governmental entity, or from exercising any other rights, including any rights Employee may have under the National Labor Relations
Act and other statutes and regulations, to disclose or comment upon Employee s terms and conditions of employment, or otherwise. 5. Certain
Rights and Remedies upon Breach . 5.1 Enforcement . Employee acknowledges and agrees that the protection for the Company set
forth in this Agreement is of vital concern to the Company, that monetary damages for any violation thereof would not adequately compensate the Company, and that the Company is engaged in a highly competitive business; Employee agrees that the
Company shall be entitled, in addition to all other rights and remedies available under this Agreement and applicable law, as a matter of course, to an injunction, restraining order and other equitable relief, without posting bond, from any court of
competent jurisdiction, restraining any violations or threatened violations of this Agreement by Employee. Employee further agrees that this section shall apply whether or not his employment hereunder has terminated, and regardless of the reasons
for such termination. Employee acknowledges and agrees that his experience and capabilities are such that enforcement of this Agreement by injunction and otherwise will not prevent him from earning a living. Accordingly, it is understood and agreed
that the Company, to the greatest extent permitted by law, shall be entitled to provisional remedies (including without limitation, temporary restraining order, preliminary and permanent injunctive relief) and damages, enforcing the terms hereof.
Thus, if Employee breaches, or threatens to commit a breach of, any of the provisions hereof, Company shall have all of its rights and remedies at law and in equity, and shall also have the following rights and remedies, each of which rights and
remedies shall be cumulative and independent of the others and severally enforceable, and all of which rights and remedies shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to Company by contract, under law or in
equity: (a) specific performance; and (b) monetary damages incurred by the Company as the result of any breach hereof. 6. Additional
Provisions (a) Invalidity and Severability . If any provisions of this Agreement are held to be invalid or unenforceable, such
invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this Agreement, and further, the provisions of this Agreement are intended to be and shall be deemed severable. In particular and without limiting the foregoing sentence, if any
provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such provision and shall not affect or render invalid or unenforceable any other provision of this Agreement. Further, the
parties hereto expressly agree that those terms or conditions hereof, if any, which are found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, shall, to the greatest extent permitted by law, be modified by the court, to
 
 Page 9 of
 12 

conform to the most expansive permissible reading under the law that is consistent with the parties intent as expressed herein, and the parties expressly agree that this Agreement
incorporate such modification. The parties specifically acknowledge and agree that each of the restrictions set forth herein is intended to be separate and severable, and that, if any of the restrictions shall be held to be void or unenforceable,
the parties agree that it is their intent that the void or unenforceable provisions shall be deemed severable, and that the rest of this Agreement shall be fully enforceable, to the greatest extent permitted by law, and that the void or
unenforceable provisions, if any, shall be enforced to the greatest extent that they may be enforced under law. (b) Applicability .
The parties agree that this Agreement and all provisions hereof, shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of whether Employee s title, position, responsibilities and work for the Company change or are altered, and regardless of whether
Employee is reassigned by the Company to new duties, titles and responsibilities. (c) Acknowledgement of Status . Company
and Employee hereby acknowledge and agree that Employee s employment by the Company is and shall be at-will, and nothing herein changes this status. Accordingly, either party may, at any time, terminate Employee s employment for any lawful
reason or for no reason at all, with or without notice, and with or without cause. Notwithstanding such termination, the restrictions and remedies provided in the Agreement which, by their terms, are to survive termination, including, without
limitation, such provisions in Sections 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6, shall survive termination. (d) Assignment . This Agreement may not be
assigned by the Employee, without the Company s prior written consent, and any attempted assignment without such consent shall be deemed void. The Company may assign this Agreement, in its sole discretion: (i) as part of the transfer or
sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the lines of business in which Employee is employed (by way of sale, merger or otherwise); and/or (ii) to any affiliated or unaffiliated entity; upon such permitted assignment, at
Company s option, the burden and benefit hereof will be upon the permitted assignee. (e) Benefit The rights and
covenant of this Agreement, and all terms hereof, shall inure and extend to the parties hereto, their respective heirs, personal representatives, successors and permitted assigns. 
 (f) Waiver of Breach Waiver, or delay in seeking a remedy, by either party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by the
other party, shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of that or of any subsequent breach. (g) Applicable Law; Jurisdiction .
Any action relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof shall, to the greatest extent permitted by law, be brought only and exclusively, in the State or federal courts sitting in Delaware, and the parties expressly consent to the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of such courts for such purpose. This Agreement shall, to the greatest extent permitted by law, be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflicts of law. 
 Page 10 of
 12 

(h) Entire Agreement Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, this
Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the Company and Employee relating to the subject matters hereof and supersedes all prior understandings, agreements and representations with respect to the subject matters covered
by this Agreement; except that this Agreement shall not supersede or in any way nullify any obligation that Employee has to protect the Company s confidential information, or to refrain from competing with the Company, and/or from soliciting
Company employees or customers during or after Employee s employment is terminated, and/or to assign intellectual property to the Company, which obligations are: (i) imposed by law or equity; or (ii) which obligations
are under any agreement(s) Employee has entered into with the Company, its parents, predecessors or subsidiaries, or which Employee is entering into at this time; but rather such obligations contained in those agreement(s), remain in full force and
effect and are cumulative of the remedies set forth herein. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, or any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in a writing signed by the party to be charged. 
 (i) Interpretation . To the greatest extent permitted by law, any rule of law or legal decision that would mandate the interpretation of
any ambiguities in this Agreement against a party, or that would require that the Agreement be strictly interpreted against one party or the other, shall be of no application and is expressly waived. 
 (j) Notices . Any notice hereunder, if any, may be given personally to the Employee or to the Corporate Secretary of the Company (as the
case may be), or may be sent to the Company by a generally recognized overnight delivery service (to the attention of its Corporate Secretary) at its above stated headquarters, or to the Employee, in person or at his last known address. Any such
notice sent by generally recognized overnight delivery service shall be deemed served forty-eight hours after it is sent and in proving such service it shall be sufficient to prove that the notice was properly
addressed and that the records of the delivery service reflect that it was delivered. (k) Disclosures . Nothing in this Agreement
prohibits or restricts Employee from reporting an event that Employee reasonably and in good faith believes is a violation of law to the relevant law-enforcement agency (such as, without limitation, the Securities and Exchange Commission, Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission, or Department of Labor), or from cooperating in an investigation conducted by such a government agency, or making disclosures to such an agency. Employee is hereby provided notice that under the 2016 Defend Trade
Secrets Act no individual will be held criminally or civilly liable under Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret (as defined in the Economic Espionage Act) if the disclosure is: (i) made in confidence to a
Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) made in a complaint or other document filed in a
lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal so that it is not made public. An individual who pursues a lawsuit for alleged retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of the law may disclose the trade secret to
an attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except as permitted by court order. In
order for a disclosure to be permitted and protected under this provision, it must be made in strict accordance with limitations under law, and as described above. 
 Page 11 of
 12 

(l) This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with
the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. Agreed to: 

Henry Schein, Inc. 

/s/ Lorelei McGlynn 
 
 By:Lorelei McGlynn 
 
 Title:Chief Human Resources Officer 
 
 Dated: 11/11/21 

/s/ Bradford C. Connett 
 
 BRADFORD C. CONNETT 
 
 Dated: 11/11/2021 
 
 Page 12 of
 12 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.29>
 9
 exhibit1029.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.29

HTML 

Exhibit 10.29 
 Certain identified information has been excluded from the exhibit because it is both not 
 material and is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 
 [ ] INDICATES THE REDACTED PORTION OF THIS EXHIBIT. 

Interoffice Memorandum 

To: 
 
 Brad Connett 

From: 
 
 Gerry Benjamin 

Date: 
 
 May 13, 2021 

Subject: 
 
 Special Incentive Plan 

I am pleased to inform you that the Compensation Committee of the Board has approved a special incentive plan to retain you
and provide you with additional incentive based on the achievement of pre-defined financial goals of the U.S. Medical group in 2021 and 2022. 
 The total target value of this special incentive plan is 600,000 and is comprised of two components: 
 Component 1 A
 one-time cash retention bonus of 200,000 paid upon your acceptance of this plan. If you leave the Company for any reason within 12 months of the payment date, you must reimburse the Company for 50 of the
entire retention bonus amount or 100,000. Component 2 
 A mid-term Cash Incentive Plan with a target of 400,000 based on achieving the Medical group s 2 year cumulative
goals as outlined in the attached plan document. 
 If you accept this special incentive plan, please sign below and return a copy of this memo to me. Thank you. 

/s/ Brad Connett 

5/24/2021 
 
 Acknowledged and Accepted 

Date 
 Bradford Connett, President, Henry Schein Medical Group 
 1 

Long-term Cash Incentive Plan 

1. 
 Introduction 
 It is critically important to execute the growth strategy of Henry Schein U.S Medical Division (the Company) in the 2 year period from 2021 to 2022. You are
eligible to receive this special incentive award based on the Company s financial results over the 2021 to 2022 fiscal years, subject to the terms and conditions specified below (the Incentive Award ). 
 The Incentive Award is specifically designed to provide you with a cash incentive opportunity based on the achievement of the
 pre-established financial performance goal of the Company and your continued employment with Henry Schein, Inc. 
 The Incentive Award applies solely with respect to the 2021 and 2022 fiscal years of the Company (the Performance Period ). 

2. 
 Eligibility 
 The following individual is eligible for the Incentive Award: 

Bradford Connett President, Henry Schein Medical Group 

3. 
 Financial Performance Goals 
 The Company s Financial Performance Goals are based on: 

(1) 
 Cumulative 2021 and 2022 Operating Income of the U.S. Medical Division, without the Test Kits, weighted at
90 

(2) 
 Cumulative 2021 and 2022 Operating Income for the COVID-19 Test Kits,
 weighted at 10 Each goal is assigned a portion of the incentive target using the weightings established below. Each goal is
measured independently from one another to calculate the portion of the target incentive earned. 

90 
 US Medical Division Operating Income (without Test Kits) 
 
 10 
 Operating Income for COVID -19 Test Kits 
 
 100 
 Total 

2021 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 
 
 2022 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 
 
 [ ] 
 
 Incentive Plan Cost 
 
 360,000 
 
 40,000 
 
 400,000 
 
 Cumulative Goal 
 
 [omitted from filed version] 
 
 [omitted from filed version] 
 
 [omitted from filed version] 
 [ ] INDICATES THE REDACTED PORTION OF THIS EXHIBIT. 
 2 

After the completion of the 2 year performance period, each of the two cumulative performance goals (1. U.S
Medical Division Operating Income without Test Kits and 2. COVID-19 Test Kits Operating income) will be measured against the actual results and a percent achievement will be calculated by dividing the actual
achievement by the corresponding goal. This percent achievement will be used to determine the incentive payout in accordance with Section 4 below and subject to the terms and conditions specified herein. 
 The Company will determine the level of achievement of the two year (2021-2022) cumulative goals and may, as it decides in its sole discretion, make
adjustments to the Performance Goals in accordance with Section 5 below. 

4. 
 Incentive Awards 
 The following incentive targets are established for the Incentive Award as follows: 

Bradford Connett: 400,000 (aggregate target payout) 
 The incentive target is further allocated to each of the two performance goals (U.S. Medical Division Operating Income without Test Kits and Operating Income
of COVID-19 Test Kits) based on pre-established weightings outlined in Section 3 above. 

(1) 
 Cumulative 2021 and 2022 Operating Income of the U.S. Medical Division, without the Test Kits, weighted at 90 
or 360,000 

(2) 
 Cumulative 2021 and 2022 Operating Income for the COVID-19 Test Kits,
weighted at 10 or 40,000 The payout related to each performance goal is calculated by applying the percent achievement to the target
bonus for the specific performance goal using the payout table below. Payout under each performance goal is assessed independently from one another. 

LEVERAGE
TABLE 

(A) 90 Medical OI (w/o 
 Test Kits) 
 
 (B) 10 Test Kit OI 

of Perf 
 Goal 
 
 of Target 
 OI Achieved 
 
 OI Achvd M) 
 
 Award 
 360K 
 
 OI Achvd M) 
 
 Award 
 40K Tgt 
 
 Total 
 (A) + (B) 

150 
 
 150 
 
 [ ] 
 
 540 
 
 [ ] 
 
 60 
 
 600 
 
 125 
 
 125 
 
 [ ] 
 
 450 
 
 [ ] 
 
 50 
 
 500 
 
 100 
 
 100 
 
 [ ] 
 
 360 
 
 [ ] 
 
 40 
 
 400 
 
 95 
 
 95 
 
 [ ] 
 
 342 
 
 [ ] 
 
 38 
 
 380 
 
 90 
 
 90 
 
 [ ] 
 
 324 
 
 [ ] 
 
 36 
 
 360 
 
 85 
 
 85 
 
 [ ] 
 
 306 
 
 [ ] 
 
 34 
 
 340 
 
 80 
 
 80 
 
 [ ] 
 
 288 
 
 [ ] 
 
 32 
 
 320 
 
 75 
 
 75 
 
 [ ] 
 
 270 
 
 [ ] 
 
 30 
 
 300 
 
 70 
 
 70 
 
 [ ] 
 
 252 
 
 [ ] 
 
 28 
 
 280 

[ ] INDICATES THE REDACTED PORTION OF THIS EXHIBIT. 
 3 

There will be no payout under a specific financial goal if the performance achievement is less than 70 .
 Performance in between performance intervals will be linearly interpolated and the corresponding amount of the Incentive Award to be paid will be
linearly interpolated up to a maximum payout of 150 of target. In order to receive any payment under the Incentive Award, you must be actively employed
by the Company on the payment date of the year the Incentive Award is to be paid out. The payment of the Incentive Award will be made in cash and will be made in the early part of fiscal year 2023, as determined by the Company in its sole
discretion, following the completion of the Performance Period, but in no event later than March 15, 2023 (the Payment Date ). In the event that your employment with the Company is terminated by you or the Company for any
reason prior to the Payment Date, the Incentive Award will be forfeited and canceled in its entirety. To the extent applicable, any payment under the
Incentive Award is intended to be a short-term deferral within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and the guidance issued thereunder (collectively,
 Section 409A that is exempt from the applicable requirements of Section 409A and the Incentive Award will be limited, construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company (or any of their affiliates) do not guarantee, and nothing in the Incentive Award or otherwise is
intended to provide a guarantee of, any particular tax treatment with respect to payments or benefits under the Incentive Award or otherwise, and the Company and any of their affiliates will not be responsible for any compliance with or exemption
from Section 409A. 

5. 
 Adjustments to Performance Goal 
 The Company may adjust, as they decides in their sole discretion, the Performance Goal for: 

Acquisitions and new business ventures (based on the approved model
 pre-established in writing) not initially considered when developing the target including: 

The effect of accretion or dilution relating to unbudgeted acquisitions (or dispositions), but only for the first
12 months following the transaction (or shorter time period, if applicable); 

Any gain, loss or expense related to the disposal of a business or discontinued operations that was not already
contemplated in the goal; 

Unbudgeted acquisition and professional fees and expenses relating to closed acquisitions or dispositions
incurred in the year of the acquisition or disposition, but only for that year; and 

Unbudgeted acquisition and professional fees and expenses relating to individual unclosed acquisitions or
dispositions, where such fees and expenses exceed 300,000, in which case the effect of all such fees and expenses (from the first dollar) shall be excluded; 

Restructuring costs incurred related to publicly announced restructuring plans and separately identified in the
Company s periodic filings, to the extent the adjustment was not already contemplated in the goal; 

The financial impact, either positive or negative, of the changes in foreign exchange rates from the rates used
in setting budget for the fiscal year; 

Changes in accounting principles or in applicable laws or regulations; 
 4 

In addition, the Performance Goal may be adjusted, as the Company decides in its sole discretion, for any
other unforeseeable event or other facts and circumstances beyond the control of the Company or any of their affiliates, by an amount equal to a reasonable estimate of the expected accretion or dilution. 

6. 
 Forfeiture Conditions and Recoupment 
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Incentive Award granted hereunder is conditioned on you not engaging in any Competitive Activity (as
defined below) from the effective date of the grant of the Incentive Award through the first anniversary of the Payment Date. If, on or after the effective date of grant of the Incentive Award but prior to the Payment Date, you engage in a
Competitive Activity, your entire Incentive Award shall be immediately forfeited in its entirety, and you shall have no further rights or interests with respect to such Incentive Award. In the event that you engage in a Competitive Activity on or
after the Payment Date but on or prior to the first anniversary of such Payment Date, the Company and any of their affiliates will have the right to recoup from you, and you will repay to the Company, within thirty (30) days following demand by
the Company, an amount in cash equal to the entire Incentive Award paid to you on the Payment Date. the Company and any of their affiliates also have the right to set off (or cause to be set off) any amounts otherwise due to you from the
Company or the Company in satisfaction of such repayment obligation, provided that any such amounts are exempt from, or set off in a manner intended to comply with, the requirements of Section 409A. 
 You hereby acknowledge and agree that the forfeiture and recoupment conditions set forth in this Section 6, in view of the nature of the business in the
Company and their affiliates are engaged, are reasonable in scope and necessary in order to protect the legitimate business interests of the Company and its affiliates, and that any violation thereof would result in irreparable harm to the Company
and their affiliates. You hereby acknowledge and agree that (i) it is a material inducement and condition to the issuance of the Incentive Award that you agree to be bound by such forfeiture and recoupment conditions and, further, that the
amounts required to be forfeited or repaid to the Company, or its affiliates pursuant to this Section 6 are reasonable, and (ii) nothing in the Incentive Award is intended to preclude the Company (or any of their affiliates) from seeking
any remedies available at law, in equity, under contract to the Company or otherwise, and the Company (or any affiliate thereof) shall have the right to seek any such remedy with respect to the Incentive Award or otherwise. 
 For purposes of the Incentive Award, you will be deemed to engage in a Competitive Activity if, either directly or indirectly, without the
express prior written consent of the Company, you (i) take other employment with, render services to, or otherwise engage in any business activities with, companies or other entities that are competitors of the Company or any of their
affiliates, (ii) solicit or induce, or in any manner attempt to solicit or induce, any person employed by or otherwise providing services to the Company or any of their affiliates, to terminate such person s employment or service
relationship, as the case may be, with the Company or any of their affiliates, (iii) divert, or attempt to divert, any person or entity from doing business with the Company or any of their affiliates or induce, or attempt to induce, any such
person or entity from ceasing to be a customer or other business partner of the Company or any of their affiliates, (iv) violate any agreement between you and the Company or any of their affiliates relating to the
 non-disclosure of proprietary or confidential information of the Company or any of their affiliates, and/or (v) conduct yourself in a manner adversely affecting the Company or any of their affiliates,
including, without limitation, making false, misleading or negative statements, either orally or in writing, about the Company or any of their affiliates. The determination as to whether you have engaged in a Competitive Activity shall be made
by the Company. 
 5 

7. 
 Miscellaneous 
 Any decision, interpretation or other action made or taken by the Company will be final, binding and conclusive on the Company and you and your respective
heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. All expenses of the Incentive Award will be borne by the Company. 
 The grant of the Incentive Award does not provide you with any right or entitlement to any future award of any kind whatsoever, including any incentive award
with respect to periods after the Performance Period. The Company reserves the right to award additional incentive awards after the initial plan based on business performance, but is under no such obligation. 
 The Incentive Award is not intended to, nor does it constitute, a contract or guarantee of continued employment. Nothing in the Incentive Award will affect
the right of the Company or any of their affiliates to terminate your employment or service or to increase or decrease the compensation payable to you from the rate in effect at the commencement of a year or to otherwise modify the terms of your
employment. Except to the extent required by applicable law, the Incentive Award or payment thereof or any right or benefit hereunder will not be subject
to anticipation, alienation, sale, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, garnishment, execution or levy of any kind or charge, and any attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, assign, pledge, encumber, charge, garnish, execute upon or levy upon the same
will be void and will not be recognized or given effect by the Company or any of their affiliates. In the event that any one or more of the provisions
contained in the Incentive Award will, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision of the Incentive Award and the Incentive
Award will be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions had never been contained therein. The Company will have the right to make
any provisions that it deems necessary or appropriate to satisfy any obligations it may have under law to withhold federal, state or local income or other taxes incurred by reason of payments pursuant to the Incentive Award. 
 The Incentive Award will inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and you and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and
assigns. The Incentive Award will be construed, administered, and governed in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of New York
(regardless of the law that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflict of laws). The Incentive Award will not be treated as
compensation for purposes of any employee benefit plan or arrangement, except to the extent expressly provided therein. The Incentive Award, if and when
payable hereunder, shall be funded out of general assets of the Company and no special reserve, fund or deposit will be made to assure payment of the Incentive Award and you shall be solely an unsecured creditor of the Company. If the Company
decides in its sole discretion to fund a trust with respect to the Incentive Award, such reserve or trust shall continue to be an asset solely of the Company. 
 6 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.45>
 10
 exhibit1045.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.45

HTML 

Exhibit 10.45 
 AMENDMENT NO. 8 TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 8 TO RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of December 15, 2022 (this Amendment ), is entered
into among HSFR, INC., a Delaware corporation, as seller (the Seller ), the PURCHASERS LISTED ON THE SIGNATURE PAGES HERETO (the Purchasers ), the PURCHASER AGENTS LISTED ON THE SIGNATURE PAGES HERETO (the
 Purchaser Agents ), MUFG BANK, LTD. (F/K/A THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.), as agent (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Agent for each Purchaser Group, and,
HENRY SCHEIN, INC. HS ), a Delaware corporation, as initial servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer ), and, solely with respect to Section 10 , (the Performance
Guarantor ). BACKGROUND 
 A. The Seller, the Servicer, Purchasers, Purchaser Agents and Agent are parties to a Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of
April 17, 2013 (as amended by that certain Omnibus Amendment No. 1, dated as of July 22, 2013, that certain Omnibus Amendment No. 2, dated as of April 21, 2014, that certain Amendment No. 1 to Receivables Purchase
Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2014, that certain Amendment No. 2 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2015, that certain Amendment No. 3 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2016,
that certain Amendment No. 4 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2017, that certain Amendment No. 5 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2019, that certain Amendment No. 6 to
Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2020, that certain Amendment No. 7 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, and as further amended, restated, modified or supplemented through the date
hereof, the Receivables Purchase Agreement ). C. The parties are entering into this Amendment to amend or otherwise
modify the Receivables Purchase Agreement. AGREEMENT 
 1. Definitions . Capitalized terms are used in this Amendment as defined in Exhibit I to the Receivables Purchase Agreement. The rules
of interpretation set forth in Appendix A to the Receivables Purchase Agreement are hereby incorporated as if fully set forth herein. 2.
 Amendments to Receivables Purchase Agreement . Subject to the occurrence of the Effective Date (as hereinafter defined), the Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner
as the following example: stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the
same manner as the following example: double-underlined
text as set forth in the pages attached as Annex A hereto. 3.
 Representations and Warranties . Each of the Seller and Servicer hereby certifies, represents and warrants to the Agent, each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser that on and as of the date hereof: 

(a) each of its representations and warranties contained in Article V of the Receivables
Purchase Agreement is true and correct, in all material respects, on and as of the date hereof; and (b) no Termination Event or Unmatured
Termination Event exists. 4. Conditions to Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective on the date (the
 Effective Date when each Purchaser Agent shall have received: (a) counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by the
other parties hereto; (b) a copy of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of each Seller Party and Performance Guarantor certified by
its Secretary authorizing such Person s execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and the performance of its obligations under the Receivables Purchase Agreement (as amended by this Amendment); 
 (c) counterparts of that certain Sixth Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated as of the date hereof, duly executed by the parties thereto; and
 (d) the payment of all fees due and owing under the Sixth Amended and Restated Fee Letter on the date hereof. 
 5. Ratification . This Amendment constitutes an amendment to the Receivables Purchase Agreement. After the execution and delivery of
this Amendment, all references to the Receivables Purchase Agreement in any document shall be deemed to refer to the Receivables Purchase Agreement as amended by this Amendment, unless the context otherwise requires. Except as amended above, the
Receivables Purchase Agreement is hereby ratified in all respects. Except as set forth above, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as an amendment or waiver of any right, power or remedy of the parties hereto
under the Receivables Purchase Agreement, nor constitute an amendment or waiver of any provision of the Receivables Purchase Agreement. This Amendment shall not constitute a course of dealing among the parties hereto at variance with the Receivables
Purchase Agreement such as to require further notice by any of the Agent, the Purchaser Agents or the Purchasers to require strict compliance with the terms of the Receivables Purchase Agreement in the future, as amended by this Amendment, except as
expressly set forth herein. The Seller hereby acknowledges and expressly agrees that each of the Agent, the Purchaser Agents and the Purchasers reserves the right to, and does in fact, require strict compliance with all terms and provisions of the
Receivables Purchase Agreement, as amended herein. 6. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts
and by different parties on separate counterparts, and each counterpart shall be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument. Counterparts of this Amendment may be delivered by
facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission, and such counterparts shall be as effective as if original counterparts had been physically delivered, and thereafter shall be binding on the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns. 

7. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
with the law of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof (other than Sections 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the New York General
Obligations Law). 8. Section Headings . The various headings of this Amendment are inserted for convenience only and shall not
affect the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment, the Receivables Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any provision hereof or thereof. 
 9. Transaction Document . This Amendment shall constitute a Transaction Document under the Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
 10. Ratification of Performance Undertaking . After giving effect to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated hereby, all of the
provisions of the Performance Undertaking shall remain in full force and effect and the Performance Guarantor hereby ratifies and affirms the Performance Undertaking and acknowledges that the Performance Undertaking has continued and shall continue
in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. [Signature Pages Follow] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by
their respective officers hereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above written. 

HSFR INC., 
 
 as Seller 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael Amodio 

Name: Michael Amodio 

Title: Treasurer 

HENRY SCHEIN, INC., 
 
 as Servicer 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael Amodio 

Name: Michael Amodio 

Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

Solely with respect to Section 10: 
 
 HENRY SCHEIN, INC., 
 
 as Performance Guarantor 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael Amodio 

Name: Michael Amodio 

Title: Vice President and Treasurer 

MUFG BANK, LTD. (F/K/A THE BANK OF 
 TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.), as Purchaser Agent for Victory Receivables Corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Eric Williams 

Name: Eric Williams 

Title: Managing Director 

VICTORY RECEIVABLES CORPORATION, as
an Uncommitted Purchaser 

By: 
 
 /s/ Kevin J. Corrigan 

Name: Kevin J. Corrigan 

Title: Vice President 

MUFG BANK, LTD. (F/K/A THE BANK OF 
 TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.), as Related Committed Purchaser for Victory Receivables Corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Eric Williams 

Name: Eric Williams 

Title: Managing Director 

MUFG BANK, LTD. (F/K/A THE BANK OF 
 TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.), as Agent 

By: 
 
 /s/ Eric Williams 

Name: Eric Williams 

Title: Managing Director 

THE TORONTO DOMINION BANK, as
Purchaser Agent and the Related Committed Purchaser for the TD Purchaser Group 

By: 
 
 /s/ Brad Purkis 

Name: Brad Purkis 

Title: Managing Director 

GTA FUNDING LLC , as a Conduit Purchaser and an Uncommitted Purchaser for the TD Purchaser Group 

By: 
 
 /s/ Kevin J. Corrigan 

Name: Kevin J. Corrigan 

Title: Vice President 

Annex A to
 Seventh Eighth Amendment 
 RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 DATED AS OF APRIL 17, 2013 
 as amended by that certain Omnibus Amendment No. 1, dated as of July 22, 2013, that certain
Omnibus Amendment No. 2, dated as of April 21, 2014, that certain Amendment No. 1 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2014, that certain Amendment No. 2 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of
April 17, 2015, that certain Amendment No. 3 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2016, that certain Amendment No. 4 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2017, that certain Amendment
No. 5 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 13, 2019, that certain Amendment No. 6 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 22,
 2020 and 2020,
 that certain Amendment No. 7 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated October 20,
 2021 2021, and
that certain Amendment No. 8 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated December 15, 2022 
 AMONG HSFR, INC., AS
SELLER, HENRY SCHEIN, INC., AS INITIAL SERVICER, 
 THE VARIOUS PURCHASER GROUPS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO 
 AND MUFG BANK, LTD.
(F/K/A THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.), AS AGENT 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 

ARTICLE I. 
 
 PURCHASE ARRANGEMENTS 

Section 1.1 
 
 Purchase
Facility 

1 

Section 1.2 
 
 Incremental Purchases 

2 

Section 1.3 
 
 Decreases 

3 

Section 1.4 
 
 Deemed Collections; Maximum
 Purchase Limit 

3 

Section 1.5 
 
 Payment Requirements and Computations 

4 

Section 1.6 
 
 Sharing of Payments, etc. 

4 

Section 1.7 
 
 Taxes 

5 

Section 1.8

Rates 

5 

ARTICLE II. 
 
 PAYMENTS AND COLLECTIONS 

Section 2.1 
 
 Payments of Recourse Obligations 

5 6 

Section 2.2 
 
 Collections Prior to the Facility Termination Date 

5 6

Section 2.3 
 
 Repayment on the Facility Termination Date; Collections 

6 7

Section 2.4 
 
 Payment Rescission 

7 

ARTICLE III. 
 
 COMMERCIAL PAPER FUNDING 

Section 3.1 
 
 CP Costs 

7 8 

Section 3.2 
 
 Calculation of CP Costs 

7 8 

Section 3.3 
 
 CP Costs Payments 

7 8 

Section 3.4 
 
 Default Rate 

7 8 

ARTICLE IV. 
 
 BANK FUNDINGS 

Section 4.1 
 
 Bank Fundings 

7 8 

Section 4.2 
 
 Yield
Payments . 

8 

Section 4.3 
 
 Suspension of the LIBO Rate 
 Term SOFR 

8 9 

Section 4.4 
 
 Default Rate 

8 9 

Section 4.5 
 
 Effect of Benchmark Transition
Event 
 Replacement Setting 

8 9

ARTICLE V. 
 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Section 5.1 
 
 Representations and Warranties of the Seller 

12 

Section 5.2 
 
 Representations and Warranties of the Seller With Respect to Each Sale of Receivables 

16 

Section 5.3 
 
 Representations and Warranties of Servicer 

17 

ARTICLE VI. 
 
 CONDITIONS OF PURCHASES 

i 

Section 6.1 
 
 Conditions Precedent to Initial Incremental Purchase; Closing Date 

20 

Section 6.2 
 
 Conditions Precedent to All Purchases and Reinvestments 

20 

ARTICLE VII. 
 
 COVENANTS 

Section 7.1 
 
 Affirmative Covenants of the Seller 

21 

Section 7.2 
 
 Negative Covenants of the Seller 

23 26 

Section 7.3 
 
 Affirmative Covenants of the Servicer 

25 28 

Section 7.4 
 
 Negative Covenants of the Servicer 

29 32 

ARTICLE VIII. 
 
 ADMINISTRATION AND COLLECTION 

Section 8.1 
 
 Designation of
Servicer 

34 

Section 8.2 
 
 Duties of
Servicer 

34 

Section 8.3 
 
 Collection Notices 

32 35 

Section 8.4 
 
 Responsibilities of Seller 

35 

Section 8.5 
 
 Settlement
Reports 

36 

Section 8.6 
 
 Servicing Fee 

33 36 

ARTICLE IX. 
 
 TERMINATION EVENTS 

Section 9.1 
 
 Termination Events 

33 36 

Section 9.2 
 
 Remedies 

40 

ARTICLE X. 
 
 INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 10.1 
 
 Indemnities by the Seller Parties 

37 40 

Section 10.2 
 
 Increased Cost and Reduced Return 

43 

Section 10.3 
 
 Other Costs and Expenses 

40 43 

ARTICLE XI. 
 
 THE AGENTS 

Section 11.1 
 
 Appointment and
Authorization 

44 

Section 11.2 
 
 Delegation of Duties 

45 

Section 11.3 
 
 Exculpatory Provisions 

45 

Section 11.4 
 
 Reliance by Agents 

42 45

Section 11.5 
 
 Notice of Termination Events 

43 46 

Section 11.6 
 
 Non-Reliance on Agent, Purchaser Agents and Other Purchasers 

43 46 

Section 11.7 
 
 Agents and Affiliates 

47 

Section 11.8 
 
 Indemnification 

47 

Section 11.9 
 
 Successor Agent 

44 47 

ii 

Section 11.10 
 
 Erroneous
 Payment Payments 

44 47 

ARTICLE XII. 
 
 ASSIGNMENTS AND PARTICIPATIONS 

Section 12.1 
 
 Successors and Assigns; Participations;
Assignments 

49 

ARTICLE XIII. 
 
 MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 13.1 
 
 Waivers and
Amendments 

51 

Section 13.2 
 
 Notices 

52 

Section 13.3 
 
 Protection of Agent s Security Interest 

49 52

Section 13.4 
 
 Confidentiality 

50 53

Section 13.5 
 
 Bankruptcy Petition 

51 54 

Section 13.6 
 
 Limitation of Liability 

51 54 

Section 13.7 
 
 CHOICE OF LAW 

51 54 

Section 13.8 
 
 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION 

55 

Section 13.9 
 
 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 

52 55 

Section 13.10 
 
 Integration; Binding Effect; Survival of Terms 

52 55

Section 13.11 
 
 Counterparts; Severability; Section References 

56 

Section 13.12 
 
 Characterization 

53 56

Section 13.13 
 
 Federal Reserve 

53 57 

Section 13.14 
 
 Patriot Act 

53 57 

iii 

Exhibits and Schedules 

Exhibit I 
 
 Definitions 

Exhibit II 
 
 Form of Purchase Notice 

Exhibit III 
 
 Places of Business of the Seller Parties; Locations of Records 

Exhibit IV 
 
 Form of Compliance Certificate 

Exhibit V 
 
 Form of Collection Account Agreement 

Exhibit VI 
 
 Form of Settlement Report 

Exhibit VII 
 
 Form of Assumption Agreement 

Exhibit VIII 
 
 Form of Transfer Supplement 

Exhibit IX 
 
 Form of Performance Undertaking 

Exhibit X 
 
 List of Responsible Officers 

Exhibit XI 
 
 Form of Interim Settlement Report 

Exhibit XII 
 
 Form of Reduction Notice 

Exhibit XIII 
 
 Form of Maximum Purchase Limit Decrease Request 

Exhibit XIV 
 
 Calculation Periods 

Exhibit XV 
 
 Purchaser Groups 

Schedule A 
 
 Closing Documents 
 
 iv 

RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
 THIS RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT , dated as of April 17, 2013 is entered into by and among: 
 (a) HSFR, Inc., a Delaware corporation Seller ), 
 (b) Henry Schein, Inc., a Delaware corporation Schein ), as initial
Servicer (the Servicer together with Seller, the Seller Parties and each, a Seller Party ), 
 (c) the various Purchaser Groups from time to time party hereto, and 
 (d) MUFG Bank, Ltd. (f/k/a The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.), as agent for each Purchaser Group (together with its
successors and assigns in such capacity, the Agent ). Unless defined elsewhere herein,
capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in Exhibit I . PRELIMINARY
STATEMENTS 1. Seller desires to transfer and assign Receivable Interests from time to time. 
 2. The Purchasers desire to purchase Receivable Interests from Seller from time to time. 
 3. MUFG Bank, Ltd. (f/k/a The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.) has been requested and is willing to act as Agent on behalf of the
Purchasers and their assigns in accordance with the terms hereof. In consideration of the mutual agreements, provisions and covenants
contained herein, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: ARTICLE I. 
 PURCHASE ARRANGEMENTS 
 Section 1.1 Purchase Facility . 
 (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, Article VI ), from time to time prior
to the Facility Termination Date, Seller may request that the Purchaser Groups purchase from Seller undivided ownership interests in the Receivables and the associated Related Security and Collections (which interest shall be held by the Agent on
behalf of the applicable Purchasers). Each Uncommitted Purchaser may (in its sole discretion), and each Related Committed Purchaser severally hereby agrees to, make Incremental Purchases, on the terms and subject to the conditions hereof before the
Facility Termination Date, ratably based on the applicable Purchaser Group s Ratable Share of each Incremental Purchase requested pursuant to Section 1.2 (and, in the case of each Related Committed Purchaser, its
Commitment Percentage of its Purchaser Group s Ratable Share of such Purchase); provided that 

no Purchase shall be made by any Purchaser if, after giving effect thereto, either (i) if such Purchaser is a Related Committed Purchaser, such Purchaser s aggregate Invested Amount
would exceed its Available Commitment, (ii) the Group Invested Amount would exceed the Group Commitment for such Purchaser s Purchaser Group, (iii) the aggregate of the Receivable Interests would exceed 100 or (iv) the Aggregate
Invested Amount would exceed the Maximum Purchase Limit. It is the intent of the Conduit Purchasers to fund any Purchases hereunder through the issuance of Commercial Paper. If any Purchaser funds or refinances its investment in a Receivable
Interest through any means other than the issuance of Commercial Paper, in lieu of paying CP Costs on the Invested Amount pursuant to Article III hereof, Seller will pay Yield thereon at the applicable Yield Rate in accordance with Article
IV hereof. Nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute a commitment of any Conduit Purchaser to issue Commercial Paper. (b) Seller
may in its sole discretion, upon at least 45 Business Days written notice to the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent), call and repurchase from the Purchasers all right, title and interest in the Receivables and
terminate the purchase facility in whole, or upon at least 15 Business Days written notice in a form set forth as Exhibit XIII (each such notice, a Maximum Purchase Limit Decrease
Notice to the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent) reduce in part the unused portion of the Maximum Purchase Limit (but not below the amount which would cause the Group Invested Amount of
any Purchaser Group to exceed its Group Commitment (after giving effect to such reduction) and, unless terminated in whole, not below 200,000,000); provided that each partial reduction of the Maximum Purchase Limit shall be in an
amount equal to 10,000,000 (or a larger integral multiple of 1,000,000 if in excess thereof). Such reduction shall, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Seller, the Agent and each Purchaser Agent, be applied ratably to reduce the Group
Commitment of each Purchaser Group. (c) Seller may from time to time request that the Purchaser Groups increase their respective existing
Group Commitments and, to the extent the existing Purchaser Groups do not consent to any such requested increase, Seller may add a new Purchaser Group as a party hereto; provided that (i) each Purchaser Agent (on behalf of the
related Purchaser Group) shall, in its sole discretion, make a determination whether or not to grant any request to increase its Purchaser Group s Group Commitment and (ii) the prior written consent of the Agent shall be required for any
such increase or addition (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Section 1.2 Incremental
Purchases . Seller shall provide the Agent and each Purchaser Agent with at least one (1) Business Day s prior written notice in a form set forth as Exhibit II hereto of each Incremental Purchase (each, a
 Purchase Notice by 12:00 noon (New York time) on the Business Day prior to the Purchase Date. Each Purchase Notice shall be subject to Section 6.2 hereof and, except as
set forth below, shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested Purchase Price (which shall not be less than 1,000,000, or a larger integral multiple of 100,000, with respect to each Purchaser Group) and the Purchase Date. Following receipt
of a Purchase Notice, the applicable Purchaser Agent will determine whether the related Uncommitted Purchaser will fund the requested Incremental Purchase. If such Uncommitted Purchaser (in its sole discretion) elects not to fund an Incremental
Purchase, the Incremental Purchase shall be funded ratably by its Related Committed Purchasers (in accordance with such Related Committed Purchasers Available Commitments). On each Purchase Date, upon satisfaction of the applicable
 
 2 

conditions precedent set forth in Article VI , each applicable Purchaser shall deposit to the Facility Account, in immediately available funds, no later than 2:00 p.m. (New York time), an
amount equal to such Purchaser s portion (based on each Purchaser Group s Ratable Share and, if applicable, such Purchaser s Available Commitment) of the requested Purchase Price. 
 Section 1.3 Decreases . 
 (a) Optional Reductions . Seller shall provide the Agent and each Purchaser Agent with prior written irrevocable notice in the form set
forth as Exhibit XII hereto (a Reduction Notice of any proposed reduction of Aggregate Invested Amount (a) at least three (3) Business Days prior to any such proposed reduction
greater than or equal to 50,000,000 and (b) at least one (1) Business Day prior to any such proposed reduction less than 50,000,000. Such Reduction Notice shall designate (i) the date (the Proposed
Reduction Date upon which any such reduction of Aggregate Invested Amount shall occur, and (ii) the amount of Aggregate Invested Amount to be reduced (the Aggregate
Reduction which shall be applied to all Receivable Interests (ratably, according to each Purchaser s aggregate Invested Amount). 
 (b) Mandatory Reductions . Seller shall also ensure that the aggregate of the Receivable Interests shall at no time exceed 100 . If the
aggregate of the Receivable Interests exceeds 100 , Seller shall pay to each Purchaser Agent for the benefit of the related Purchasers on or before the next Business Day an amount to be applied to reduce the Aggregate Invested Amount (ratably,
according to each Purchaser s aggregate Invested Amount), such that after giving effect to such payment the aggregate of the Receivable Interests equals or is less than 100 . 
 Section 1.4 Deemed Collections; Maximum Purchase Limit . 
 (a) If on any day: 
 (i) the Outstanding Balance of any Receivable is reduced or cancelled as a result of any credit issued for returned or
repossessed goods, any shortages, any pricing adjustment, any volume rebate or any other allowance, adjustment or deduction by Originator or any Affiliate thereof, or as a result of any governmental or regulatory action, or 
 (ii) the Outstanding Balance of any Receivable is reduced or canceled as a result of a setoff or disputed item in respect of
any claim by the Obligor thereof (whether such claim arises out of the same or a related or an unrelated transaction), or 
 (iii) the Outstanding Balance of any Receivable is reduced on account of the obligation of Originator or any Affiliate thereof
to pay to the related Obligor any rebate or refund, or (iv) the Outstanding Balance of any Receivable is less than the
amount included in calculating the Net Pool Balance for purposes of any Settlement Report (for any reason other than receipt of Collections), or 
 (v) any of the representations or warranties of Seller with respect to any Receivable set forth in Article V were not
true in all material respects when made, 
 3 

then, on such day, Seller shall (I) be deemed to have received a Collection of such Receivable
(A) in the case of clauses (i) through (iv) above, in the amount of such reduction or cancellation or the difference between the actual Outstanding Balance and the amount included in calculating such Net Pool Balance, as
applicable; and (B) in the case of clause (v) above, in the amount of the Outstanding Balance of such Receivable and, not later than two (2) Business Days thereafter shall pay to the Collection Account the amount of any such
Collection deemed to have been received or (II) prior to the occurrence of a Termination Event, setoff the amount of such reduction or cancellation against the purchase price otherwise owed to the Applicable Originator for additional
Receivables. (b) Seller shall ensure that the Aggregate Invested Amount at no time exceeds the Maximum Purchase Limit. If at any time the
Aggregate Invested Amount exceeds the Maximum Purchase Limit, Seller shall pay to each Purchaser Agent for the benefit of the related Purchasers immediately an amount to be applied to reduce the Aggregate Invested Amount (ratably, according to each
Purchaser s aggregate Invested Amount), such that after giving effect to such payment the Aggregate Invested Amount is less than or equal to the Maximum Purchase Limit. 
 Section 1.5 Payment Requirements and Computations . All amounts to be paid or deposited by any Seller Party pursuant to any
provision of this Agreement shall be paid or deposited in accordance with the terms hereof no later than 2:00 p.m. (New York time) on the day when due in immediately available funds, and if not received before 2:00 p.m. (New York time) shall
be deemed to be received on the next succeeding Business Day. If such amounts are payable to or for the account of any Purchaser, such amounts shall be paid to the account from time to time specified by the related Purchaser Agent to the Seller and
the Servicer. All computations of CP Costs, Yield, per annum fees calculated as part of any CP Costs, per annum fees hereunder and per annum fees under the Fee Letters shall be made on the basis of a year of 360 days for the
actual number of days elapsed (other than Yield calculated at the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate, which shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be). If any amount hereunder shall be payable on a day
which is not a Business Day, such amount shall be payable on the next succeeding Business Day. Section 1.6 Sharing of Payments,
etc . If any Purchaser (for purpose of this Section 1.6 only, a Recipient shall obtain any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right
of setoff, or otherwise) on account of any interest in the Receivable Interest owned by it in excess of its ratable share thereof, such Recipient shall forthwith purchase from the Purchasers entitled to a share of such amount participations in the
percentage interests owned by such Persons as shall be necessary to cause such Recipient to share the excess payment ratably with each such other Person entitled thereto; provided that if all or any portion of such
excess payment is thereafter recovered from such Recipient, such purchase from each such other Person shall be rescinded and each such other Person shall repay to the Recipient the purchase price paid by such Recipient for such participation to the
extent of such recovery, together with an amount equal to such other Person s ratable share (according to the proportion of (a) the amount of such other Person s required payment to (b) the total amount so recovered from the
Recipient) of any interest or other amount paid or payable by the Recipient in respect of the total amount so recovered. 
 4 

Section 1.7 Taxes . 
 (a) The Seller agrees that any and all payments by the Seller under this Agreement shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for
any and all current or future taxes, stamp or other taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, charges or withholdings, and all liabilities with respect thereto, other than Excluded Taxes; provided that if the Seller shall be required under applicable law
to deduct any such taxes from such payments, then (i) the Seller shall make such deductions, and (ii) the Seller shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Official Body in accordance with applicable law, the sum payable shall be
increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions the recipient of such payment receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made. 
 (b) The Agent, each Purchaser Agent (if other than the Agent) and each Purchaser agrees to provide, on or before the first date on which any
payment is required to be made to such Person under this Agreement, (i) a properly completed and duly executed Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, (ii) a properly completed, duly executed Internal Revenue
Service Form W-8ECI, or (iii) in the case of a Purchaser Agent (if other than the Agent) or a Purchaser, a properly completed, duly executed Internal Revenue Service Form
 W-8BEN establishing an exemption from U.S. federal withholding tax pursuant to the interest article of an applicable income tax treaty. 
 Section 
1.8 Rates . The Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation
of or any other matter related to the Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, or Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in
the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any
Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity
as , the Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability , or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or
 replacement 
 rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner
adverse to the Seller. The Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to
ascertain the Alternate Base Rate, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Seller, the Servicer, any Purchaser, any Purchase Agent or
any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any
error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 5 

ARTICLE II. 
 PAYMENTS AND COLLECTIONS 
 Section 2.1 Payments of Recourse Obligations . Seller hereby promises to pay the following (collectively, the
 Recourse Obligations ): (a) all amounts due and owing under
 Section 1.3 or 1.4 on the dates specified therein; (b) the fees set forth in the Fee
Letters on the dates specified therein; (c) all accrued and unpaid Yield on the Receivable Interests accruing Yield at the
Yield Rate on each Settlement Date applicable thereto; (d) all accrued and unpaid CP Costs on the Receivable Interests
funded with Commercial Paper on each Settlement Date; and (e) all Broken Funding Costs and all amounts due and owing under
 Article X , including, Indemnified Amounts, in each case, upon demand. Section 2.2 Collections Prior to the Facility
Termination Date . (a) If at any time any Collections (including any Deemed Collections) are received in the Collection Accounts prior
to the Facility Termination Date, Seller hereby requests and each Purchaser hereby agrees to make, simultaneously with such receipt, a reinvestment (each, a Reinvestment with the
Purchasers Portion of the balance of each and every Collection received by the Servicer such that, after giving effect to such Reinvestment, the Invested Amount of the Receivable Interests of each Purchaser immediately after such receipt and
corresponding Reinvestment shall be equal to the amount of such Invested Amounts immediately prior to such receipt. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) all such Reinvestments shall be subject to Section 6.2 and
(ii) the Servicer may retain in the Collection Accounts amounts for distribution on the following Settlement Date or for decreases in the Aggregate Investment Amount in accordance with Section 1.3 . 
 (b) On each Settlement Date prior to the Facility Termination Date, the Servicer shall remit to each Purchaser Agent for the benefit of its
Purchaser Group (or, if applicable, to the Agent for its own benefit) the amounts set aside during the preceding Calculation Period that have not been subject to a Reinvestment and (after deduction of its Servicing Fee) apply such amounts (if not
previously paid in accordance with Section 2.1 to the Aggregate Unpaids in the order specified: 
 first, ratably to the payment of all accrued and unpaid CP Costs, Yield and Broken Funding Costs (if any) that
are then due and owing, second, ratably to the payment of all accrued and unpaid fees under the Fee Letters
(if any) that are then due and owing, 
 6 

third , if required under
 Section 1.3 or 1.4 , to the ratable reduction of the Aggregate Invested Amount, 
 fourth, for the ratable payment of all other unpaid Recourse Obligations, if any, that are then due and owing,
and fifth, the balance, if any, to Seller or otherwise in accordance with Seller s instructions,
provided that, after giving effect to any payment pursuant to this clause fifth , (i) the aggregate of the Receivable Interests would be less than 100 and (ii) the Aggregate Invested Amount would be less than the Maximum Purchase
Limit. Section 2.3 Repayment on the Facility Termination Date; Collections . 
 On the Facility Termination Date and on each day thereafter, the Servicer shall set aside and hold in trust, for the Secured Parties, all
Collections received on each such day. On and after the Facility Termination Date, the Servicer shall, on each Settlement Date and on each other Business Day specified by the Agent (after deduction of any accrued and unpaid Servicing Fee as of such
date) apply all Collections and all other amounts in the Collection Accounts to reduce the Aggregate Unpaids as follows: 
 first, to the reimbursement of the Agent s costs of collection and enforcement of this Agreement, 
 second, ratably to the payment of all accrued and unpaid CP Costs, Yield and Broken Funding Costs (if any), 
 third, ratably to the payment of all accrued and unpaid fees (if any) under the Fee Letters, 
 fourth, to the ratable reduction of Aggregate Invested Amount, 
 fifth, for the ratable payment of all other Aggregate Unpaids, and 
 sixth, after the Final Payout Date, to Seller. 
 Section 2.4 Payment Rescission . No payment of any of the Aggregate Unpaids shall be considered paid or applied hereunder to the
extent that, at any time, all or any portion of such payment or application is rescinded by application of law or judicial authority, or must otherwise be returned or refunded for any reason. Seller shall remain obligated for the amount of any
payment or application so rescinded, returned or refunded, and shall promptly pay to the applicable Purchaser Agent (for application to the Person or Persons who suffered such rescission, return or refund) the full amount thereof, plus interest
thereon at the Default Rate from the date of any such rescission, return or refunding. 
 7 

ARTICLE III. 
 COMMERCIAL PAPER FUNDING 
 Section 3.1 CP Costs . Seller shall pay CP Costs with respect to the Invested Amount of all Receivable Interests funded through the
issuance of Commercial Paper. Section 3.2 Calculation of CP Costs . Prior to each Settlement Date, each Purchaser (or
the applicable Purchaser Agent on its behalf) shall calculate the aggregate amount of CP Costs applicable to its Receivable Interests accrued through the relevant Calculation Period and shall notify Seller of such aggregate amount. 
 Section 3.3 CP Costs Payments . On each Settlement Date, Seller shall pay to the applicable Purchaser Agent (for the benefit of the
related Conduit Purchaser) an aggregate amount equal to all accrued and unpaid CP Costs in respect of the portion of the Invested Amounts of all Receivable Interests funded by such Conduit Purchaser with Commercial Paper for the Calculation Period
then most recently ended in accordance with Article II . Section 3.4 Default Rate . From and after the occurrence of a
Termination Event, all Receivable Interests shall accrue Yield at the Default Rate. ARTICLE IV. 
 BANK FUNDINGS 
 Section 4.1 Bank Fundings . Prior to the occurrence of a Termination Event, the portion of outstanding Invested Amount of each
Receivable Interest funded with Bank Fundings shall accrue Yield for each day during its Interest Period at the applicable Yield Rate in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof. If any undivided interest in a Receivable Interest initially
funded with Commercial Paper is sold (or otherwise participated) to the Liquidity Providers pursuant to a Liquidity Agreement, such undivided interest in such Receivable Interest shall be deemed to have an Interest Period commencing on the date of
such sale. Section 4.2 Yield Payments . 
 (a) 
 On the Settlement Date for each Receivable Interest that is funded with a Bank Funding, Seller shall pay to each applicable Purchaser Agent (for the benefit of its Purchaser Group) an aggregate amount equal
to the accrued and unpaid Yield thereon for the entire Interest Period of each related Bank Funding in accordance with Article II . 
 (b) 
 In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Agent
will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and , notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document , any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any
other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. The Agent will promptly notify the Seller and the Purchaser Agents of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. 
 8 

Section 4.3 Suspension of LIBO Rate Term
SOFR . If any Purchaser or Liquidity Provider notifies the related Purchaser Agent that (i) it has determined that funding its ratable share of the Bank Fundings at or by reference a LIBO Rate to Term
SOFR would violate any applicable law, rule, regulation, or directive of any governmental or regulatory authority, whether or not having the force of law, (ii) deposits of a type and maturity
appropriate to match fund its Bank Funding at or by reference to such LIBO Rate Term SOFR are not available or (iii) such LIBO Rate Term
SOFR does not accurately reflect the cost of acquiring or maintaining a Bank Funding at such LIBO
Rate Term SOFR , then such Purchaser Agent shall
give written notice thereof to the Seller as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until such Purchaser Agent notifies the Seller that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (a) no portion of the Invested Amount shall
be funded at the LIBO
Rate Term SOFR or at the Alternate Base Rate
determined by reference to the LIBO
Rate Term SOFR and (b) the Yield for any
outstanding portions of the Invested Amount then funded at the LIBO
Rate Term SOFR or at the Alternate Base Rate
determined by reference to the LIBO
Rate Term SOFR shall, on the last day of the then
current Interest Period, be converted to the Alternate Base Rate determined by reference to clause (ii) of the definition of the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Section 4.4 Default Rate . From and after the occurrence of a Termination Event, all Bank Fundings shall accrue Yield at the
Default Rate. Section 4.5 Effect of Benchmark Transition Event . Section 4.5
 (a) Benchmark Replacement Setting . 
 (a)
 Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein or in any other Transaction Document,
 if upon the
occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of , the
Agent and the Seller may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark , then
(x) if with a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in respect of such
Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any . Any such amendment with respect
 to , or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document
and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined
in accordance with clause (3) of the definition
of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will
replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or
after a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is
provided to the Seller, Purchasers and the Purchaser Agents without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Purchaser Agents and the Seller so long as the Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark
Replacement amendment from Purchaser Agents
comprising the Required Purchaser Agents. (b) Term SOFR Transition Event . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
 herein or in any other Transaction Document and
subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, if a Term SOFR Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
 9 

Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current
Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Transaction Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment
to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document;
 provided 
that, this clause (b) shall not be effective unless the Agent has delivered to the Seller, the Purchasers and the Purchaser Agents a Term SOFR Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, the Agent
shall not be required to deliver a Term SOFR Notice after the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event and may do so in its sole
discretion. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this
Section 4.5(a) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 
 (b) 
 (c) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In
connection with the use, administration, adoption or
 implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Agent will have the right , in consultation with the
Seller, to make Benchmark Replacement
 Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other
party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 
 (c) 
 (d) Notices; Standards for Decisions and
Determinations . The Agent will promptly notify the Seller , Purchasers and the Purchaser Agents of
 (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date,
 (ii) (i) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement , (iii) and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) . The Agent will
notify the Seller of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause
(e Section 4.5(d below and
 (v) (y) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by
the Agent or, if applicable, any
 Purchasers Purchaser
 or the Purchaser Agents (or groups of Purchasers or Purchaser Agents) pursuant to this Section 4.5 , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made
in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 4.5 . 
 (d) 
 (e)
 Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark.
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including
 the Term SOFR or LIBO Reference Rate) and either
 (i) (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or
other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion or (ii) (B) the administrator
of such Benchmark or the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is
 not or will not be no longer representative, then the Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at
or after 
 10 

such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and
 (ii) (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above
either (i) (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service
for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or
 (ii) (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is
 not or will no longer not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) , then the Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period 
(or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (e) 
 (f) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the
Seller s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, (i) no Purchases shall be funded at the LIBO Rate or at none of the Purchasers or Purchaser Agents shall allocate any Receivable Interest with respect to Purchases made during such
period or reallocate any Receivable Interests allocated to any then existing Interest Period ending during such period, to a Receivable Interest for which Yield is calculated by reference to Term SOFR. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at
any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate determined by reference to the LIBO Rate and (ii) the Yield for any outstanding portions of the Invested Amount then funded
 at the LIBO Rate or at the Alternate Base Rate determined by reference to the LIBO Rate
shall, (x) in the case of any Invested Amount then funded at the LIBO Rate, on
the last day of the then current Interest Period, be converted to the Alternate Base Rate determined by reference to clause (ii) of the definition of the Alternate Base Rate , and (y) in the case of any Invested Amount then funded at the Alternate Base
Rate determined by reference to the LIBOR Rate, on such day, be converted to the Alternate Base Rate determined by reference to clause
(ii) of the definition of based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination
of the Alternate Base Rate. (g) LIBOR Notification . The interest rate on an Invested Amount may be derived
from an interest rate benchmark that is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Regulators have signaled the need to use alternative benchmark reference rates for some of these interest rate benchmarks and, as a result, such
interest rate benchmarks may cease to comply with applicable laws and regulations, may be permanently discontinued, and/or the basis on which they are calculated may change. The London interbank offered rate LIBOR is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks may
obtain short-term borrowings from each other in the London interbank market. On March 5, 2021, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority FCA publicly announced that: (a) immediately after December 31, 2021, publication of the 1-week and
2-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will
permanently cease; immediately after June 30, 2023, publication of the overnight and 12-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will permanently cease; and immediately after June 30, 2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will cease to be provided or, subject to the
FCA s consideration of the case, be provided on
a synthetic basis and no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality they are intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored. There is no assurance that dates announced by the FCA will not change or
that the administrator of LIBOR and/or regulators will not take further action that could impact the availability, composition, or characteristics of LIBOR or the currencies and/or tenors for which LIBOR is published. Each party to this agreement
should consult its own advisors to stay informed of any such developments. Public and private sector industry initiatives are currently underway to 
 
 11 

identify new or alternative reference rates to be used in place of LIBOR. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, Section 4.5(a) and
 (b) provide a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of
interest . The Agent does not warrant or accept any
 responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to , the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related
to the LIBOR or other rates in the definition of
 LIBO Rate or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or
replacement rate thereof (including, without limitation,
(i) any such alternative, successor or
replacement rate implemented pursuant to Section
4.5(a) or (b) , whether upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term
SOFR Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, and (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to
 Section 4.5(c) , including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative,
successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the LIBO Rate or have the same volume or liquidity as did the London interbank offered rate prior to its discontinuance or
unavailability . The Agent and its Affiliates and/ or
other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/ or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse
to the Seller. (h) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document, solely with respect to clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to cause any Benchmark Replacement to constitute a
 qualified rate within the meaning of Proposed United States Treasury Regulations
Section 1.1001-6(b). ARTICLE V. 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Section 5.1 Representations and Warranties of the Seller . The Seller hereby represents and warrants to the Agent, each Purchaser
Agent and each Purchaser as of the date hereof and as of the date of each Incremental Purchase and the date of each Reinvestment that: (a)
 Organization and Qualification . The Seller s only jurisdiction of organization is correctly set forth in the preamble of this Agreement. The Seller is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of
its jurisdiction of organization. The Seller is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the ownership of its properties or the nature of its activities (including transactions giving rise
to Receivables), or both, requires it to be so qualified or, if not so qualified, the failure to so qualify would not have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. 
 (b) Authority . The Seller has the legal power and authority to execute and deliver the Transaction Documents, to make the sales
provided for herein and to perform its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
 12 

(c) Execution and Binding Effect . Each of the Transaction Documents to which the
Seller is a party has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Seller and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Seller enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar Laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights or by general principles of equity. 
 (d) Authorizations and Filings . The Seller has obtained and holds in full force all authorizations, consents, approvals, licenses,
exemptions or other actions by, registrations, qualifications, designations, declarations or filings with, any Official Body which are necessary in connection with the execution and delivery by the Seller of each of the Transaction Documents to
which the Seller is a party, the consummation by the Seller of the transactions herein or therein contemplated or the performance by the Seller of or the compliance by the Seller with the terms and conditions hereof or thereof, to ensure the
legality, validity or enforceability hereof or thereof, or to ensure that the Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) will have an ownership or security interest in and to the Receivables. 
 (e) Location of Chief Executive Office, etc . As of the date hereof: (i) the Seller s chief executive office is located at the
address for notices set forth on the signature page hereof; (ii) the offices where the Seller keeps all of its Records are listed on Exhibit III hereto; and (iii) since its incorporation, the Seller has operated only under the name
identified in Exhibit III hereto, and has not changed its name, merged or consolidated with any other corporation or been the subject of any proceeding under Title 11, United States Code (Bankruptcy). 
 (f) Perfection . This Agreement is effective to create a valid security interest in favor of the Agent for the benefit of the Secured
Parties in the Purchased Assets to secure payment of the Aggregate Unpaids. There have been duly filed all financing statements or other similar instruments or documents necessary under the UCC (or any comparable law) of all appropriate
jurisdictions to perfect the Agent s (on behalf of the Secured Parties) security interest in the Receivables and the other Purchased Assets (in the case of such other Purchased Assets, to the extent such security interest may be perfected by
filing a financing statement), which security interest is free and clear of any Lien except as created by the Transaction Documents. Seller s only jurisdiction of organization is Delaware. 
 (g) Absence of Conflicts . Neither the execution and delivery by the Seller of each of the Transaction Documents to which the Seller is
a party, nor the consummation by the Seller of the transactions herein or therein contemplated, nor the performance by the Seller of or the compliance by the Seller with the terms and conditions hereof or thereof will (i) violate any Law or
(ii) conflict with or result in a breach of or a default under (A) the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Seller or (B) any material agreement or instrument, including, without
limitation, any and all indentures, debentures, loans or other agreements to which the Seller is a party or by which it or any of its properties (now owned or hereafter acquired) may be subject or bound, which, in any case, could reasonably be
expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial position or results of operations of the Seller or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien pursuant to the terms of any such instrument or agreement upon any property (now owned or
hereafter acquired) of the Seller. The Seller has not entered into any agreement with any Obligor prohibiting, restricting or conditioning the assignment of any portion of the Receivables. 
 13 

(h) No Termination Event . No event has occurred and is continuing and no condition
exists which constitutes a Termination Event. (i) Accurate and Complete Disclosure . No information (when taken as a whole)
furnished by the Seller to the Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby is false or misleading in any material respect as of the date as of which such
information was furnished (including by omission of material information necessary to make such information not misleading); provided that , with respect to projected financial information of a general economic nature, and
general industry information, the Seller represents that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed at that time. 
 (j) [Intentionally Omitted]. 
 (k) Bulk Sales Act . No transaction contemplated hereby requires compliance with any bulk sales act or similar law. 
 (l) Litigation . No injunction, decree or other decision has been issued or made by any Official Body that prevents and, to the
knowledge of the Seller, no threat by any Person has been made to attempt to obtain any such decision that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the conduct by the Seller of a significant portion of the Seller s
business operations or any portion of its business operations affecting the Receivables, and no litigation, investigation or proceeding exists or, to the knowledge of the Seller, is threatened in writing asserting the invalidity of any of the
Transaction Documents, seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, or seeking any determination or ruling that could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect (A) the
performance by the Seller of its obligations under the Transaction Documents or (B) the validity or enforceability of the Transaction Documents or any material amount of the Receivables. 
 (m) Margin Regulations . The use of all funds acquired by the Seller under this Agreement will not conflict with or contravene any of
Regulations T, U and X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as the same may from time to time be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified. 
 (n) Taxes . The Seller has timely filed all United States Federal income tax returns and all other material tax returns which are
required to be filed by it and has paid all material taxes due pursuant to such returns and paid or contested any assessment received by the Seller related to such returns. 
 (o) Books and Records . The Seller has indicated on its books and records (including any computer files), that the Receivable Interest
in the Receivables sold by the Seller hereunder is the property of Purchasers. The Seller maintains at, or shall cause the Servicer to maintain at, one or more of their respective offices listed in Exhibit III hereto the complete Records for
the Receivables. 
 14 

(p) Creditor Approval . The Seller has obtained from its creditors (i) all
approvals necessary to sell and assign the Receivables and (ii) releases of any security interests in the Receivables. (q)
 Financial Condition . (i) The Seller is not insolvent or the subject of any Event of Bankruptcy and the sale of
Receivables on such day will not be made in contemplation of the occurrence thereof. (ii) Since its incorporation, there
has been no material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the business, operations or financial condition of the Seller. 
 (r) Financial Information . If and when produced in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the consolidated balance sheet of the
Seller as at the most recent Fiscal Year end and the related statements of income of the Seller for the Fiscal Year then ended, fairly present the consolidated financial position of the Seller as at such date and the consolidated results of the
operations, all in accordance with GAAP); provided that , with respect to projected financial information of a general economic nature, and general industry information, the Seller represents that such information was prepared in good
faith based upon assumptions believed at that time. (s) Investment Company . The Seller (i) is not a covered fund 
under the Volcker Rule and (ii) is not an investment company or a company controlled by an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. In determining that the Seller is not a
covered fund, the Seller either does not rely solely on the exemption from the definition of investment company set forth in Section 3(c)(1) and/or 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 or is entitled to the benefit of the
exclusion for loan securitizations in the Volcker Rule under 17 C.F.R. 75.10(c)(8). (t) Payments to Applicable Originator . With
respect to each Receivable transferred to Seller under the Receivables Sale Agreement, Seller has given reasonably equivalent value to the applicable Originator in consideration therefor and such transfer was not made for or on account of an
antecedent debt. No transfer by any Originator of any Receivable under the Receivables Sale Agreement is or may be voidable under any section of the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978 (11 U.S.C. 101 et seq.), as amended. 
 (u) Seller s Business . The Seller has conducted no other business except as contemplated under the Transaction
Documents and has no Indebtedness or Liens, except for as permitted under the Transaction Documents. (v) Policies and Procedures;
Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions; Proceeds . Policies and procedures have been implemented and maintained by or on behalf of each of the Seller Parties that are designed to achieve compliance by the Seller Parties and their
respective Subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws, applicable Anti-Terrorism Laws and applicable Sanctions and each of the Seller Parties and their respective Subsidiaries, and, to the knowledge of each of
the Seller Parties, its respective officers, employees, directors and agents acting in any capacity in connection with or directly 
 15 

benefitting from the credit facility established hereby, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws, applicable Anti-Terrorism Laws and applicable Sanctions, in each case in all material
respects. None of (i) the Seller Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Seller Parties, as applicable, any of their respective directors, officers, employees, or agents that will act in any capacity in
connection with or directly benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person, (ii) the Seller Parties nor any of their respective Subsidiaries is organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, and (iii) the
Seller Parties has violated, been found in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, applicable Anti-Terrorism Laws or applicable Sanctions, in each case, in any material respect. No Purchase or use of proceeds thereof by any Seller Party or any of
their respective Subsidiaries in any manner will violate Anti-Corruption Laws, applicable Anti-Terrorism Laws or applicable Sanctions. 
 (w) Beneficial Ownership Rule . The Seller is an entity that is organized under the laws of the United States or of any State and at
least 51 percent of whose common stock or analogous equity interest is owned by a Person whose common stock or analogous equity interests are listed on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange or have been designated as a
NASDAQ National Market Security listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange and is excluded on that basis from the definition of Legal Entity Customer as defined in the Beneficial Ownership Rule. 
 Section 5.2 Representations and Warranties of the Seller With Respect to Each Sale of Receivables . By selling undivided ownership
interests in Receivables to the Purchasers, either by Incremental Purchase or Reinvestment, the Seller represents and warrants to the Agent, each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser as of the date of such sale of an Incremental Purchase or
Reinvestment (in addition to its other representations and warranties contained herein or made pursuant hereto) that: (a) Purchase
Notice . If such sale relates to an Incremental Purchase, all information set forth on the related Purchase Notice is true and correct in all material respects as of the date of such Incremental Purchase. 
 (b) Assignment . This Agreement vests in the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, all the right, title and interest of the
Seller in and to the Receivable Interest in the Receivables, and the Related Security and Collections with respect thereto, and constitutes a valid sale of or grant of a security interest in the Receivable Interest, enforceable against all creditors
of and purchasers from the Seller. (c) No Liens . Each Receivable, together with the related Contract and all purchase orders and
other agreements related to such Receivable, is owned by the Seller free and clear of any Lien, except as provided herein, and is not subject to any Dispute. When each of the Purchasers makes a purchase of a Receivable Interest in such Receivable,
it shall have acquired and shall continue to have maintained an undivided percentage ownership interest to the extent of its percentage of the Receivable Interest in such Receivable and in the Related Security and the Collections with respect
thereto free and clear of any Lien, except as provided herein. The Seller has not and will not prior to the time of the sale of any such interest to the Purchasers have sold, pledged, assigned, transferred or subjected, and will not thereafter sell,
pledge, assign, transfer or subject, to a Lien any of the Receivables, the Related Security or the Collections, other than the assignment of Receivable Interests therein to the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement. 
 16 

(d) Filings . On or prior to each Purchase and each recomputation of the Receivable
Interest, all financing statements required to be recorded or filed in order to perfect the security interest in the Purchased Assets against all creditors of and purchasers from the Seller and all other Persons whatsoever will have been duly filed
in each filing office necessary for such purpose and all filing fees and taxes, if any, payable in connection with such filings shall have been paid in full. 
 (e) [Intentionally Omitted]. 
 (f) Collection Banks, Collection Accounts and Lock-Boxes . The names and addresses of all Collection Banks, together with the numbers of
all Collection Accounts and Lock-Boxes at such Collection Banks and the addresses of all related Collection Accounts and Lock-Boxes, are specified in the Account Disclosure Letter (or such other Collection Banks, Collection Accounts and Lock Boxes
that have been changed or established in accordance with Section 7.2(f) ). (g) Nature of Receivables .
Each Receivable is, or will be, an eligible asset within the meaning of Rule 3a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time. 
 (h) Bona Fide Receivables . Each Receivable is an obligation of an Obligor arising out of a past or current sale or performance by the
applicable Originator, in accordance with the terms of the Contract giving rise to such Receivable. The Seller has no knowledge of any fact that should have led it to expect at the time of the initial creation of an interest in any Receivable
hereunder that such Receivable would not be paid in full when due except with respect to any Dilution. Each Receivable classified as an Eligible Receivable by the Seller in any document or report delivered hereunder satisfies the
requirements of eligibility contained in the definition of Eligible Receivable. Section 5.3 Representations and Warranties of
Servicer . The Servicer represents and warrants to the Agent, each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser on and as of the date hereof and as of the date of each Incremental Purchase and each Reinvestment after such date: 
 (a) Organization and Qualification . The Servicer s only jurisdiction of organization is in Delaware. The Servicer is a corporation
duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation. The Servicer is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the ownership of its
properties or the nature of its activities, or both, requires it to be so qualified or, if not so qualified, the failure to so qualify would not have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. 
 (b) Authority . The Servicer has the legal power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations
hereunder and thereunder. 
 17 

(c) Execution and Binding Effect . This Agreement has been duly and validly executed
and delivered by the Servicer and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Servicer enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other
similar Laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights or by general principles of equity. This Agreement is effective to create a valid security interest in favor of the Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Parties in the Purchased Assets to secure payment of the Aggregate Unpaids. There have been duly filed all financing statements or other similar instruments or documents necessary under the UCC (or any comparable law) of all appropriate
jurisdictions to perfect the Agent s (on behalf of the Secured Parties) security interest in the Receivables and the other Purchased Assets (in the case of such other Purchased Assets, to the extent such security interest may be perfected by
filing a financing statement), which security interest is free and clear of any Lien except as created by the Transaction Documents. Servicers only jurisdiction of organization is Delaware. 
 (d) Authorizations and Filings . The Servicer has obtained and holds in full force all authorizations, consents, approvals, licenses,
exemptions or other actions by, registrations, qualifications, designations, declarations or filings with, any Official Body which are necessary in connection with the execution and delivery by the Servicer of or the compliance by the Servicer with
the terms and conditions hereof, to ensure the legality, validity or enforceability hereof, or to ensure that the Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) will have an ownership and security interest in and to the Receivables. 
 (e) Absence of Conflicts . Neither the execution and delivery by the Servicer of this Agreement, nor the consummation by the Servicer of
the transactions herein contemplated, nor the performance by the Servicer of or the compliance by the Servicer with the terms and conditions hereof will (i) violate any Law or (ii) conflict with or result in a breach of or a default under
(A) the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Servicer or (B) any material agreement or instrument, including, without limitation, any and all indentures, debentures, loans or other
agreements to which the Servicer is a party or by which it or any of its properties (now owned or hereafter acquired) may be subject or bound, which, in any case, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial
position or results of operations of the Servicer or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien. The Servicer has not entered into any agreement with any Obligor prohibiting, restricting or conditioning the assignment of any portion of the
Receivables. (f) No Termination Event . No event has occurred and is continuing and no condition exists which constitutes a
Termination Event. (g) Accurate and Complete Disclosure . No information (when taken as a whole) furnished by a Responsible Officer
of the Servicer to the Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby is false or misleading in any material respect as of the date as of which such information was
furnished (including by omission of material information necessary to make such information not misleading); provided that , with respect to projected financial information of a general economic nature, and general industry information,
the Servicer represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at that time. 
 18 

(h) [Intentionally Omitted]. 
 (i) No Change in Ability to Perform . Since the date hereof, there has been no material adverse change in the ability of the Servicer to
perform its obligations hereunder. (j) Credit and Collection Policy . The Credit and Collection Policy has been complied with in
all material respects in regard to each Receivable and related Contract and no material change to the Credit and Collection Policy has been made unless (i) the Agent has received prior written notice of such change and (ii) the Agent and
the Required Purchaser Agents have consented to such change if such change could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the collectibility of the Receivables generally or of any material portion of the Receivables. 
 (k) Financial Condition . The consolidated balance sheet of the Servicer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as at the most recent Fiscal
Year end and the related statements of income and cash flows of the Servicer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended, certified by BDO USA, LLP, independent accountants, or another nationally recognized firm of independent
accountants, are available as a matter of public record. The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Servicer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as at most recent fiscal quarter end and the related unaudited statements of income and cash flows of
the Servicer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for the periods then ended are available as a matter of public record. The Servicer will provide on the date of such public filing or the next succeeding Business Day a certificate to the Agent (which
shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent), that such balance sheet and statements of income and cash flows fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Servicer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as
at such date and the consolidated results of the operations of and consolidated cash flows of the Servicer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for the periods ended on such date, all in accordance with GAAP; provided that the requirement to
deliver a certificate pursuant to this sentence shall not be required to the extent the Servicer publicly files a Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, as applicable, for the
applicable period, with the Securities and Exchange Commission. (l) Litigation . Except as set forth in the Servicer s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in the Servicer s Annual Report on Form 10-K, in each case, most recently filed with the Securities Exchange Commission, no
injunction, decree or other decision has been issued or made by any Official Body that would, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on a significant portion of its business operations or any portion of its business
operations affecting the Receivables, and, to the knowledge of the Servicer, no threat by any Person has been made to attempt to obtain any such decision (i) as to which there is a reasonable likelihood of an adverse determination and
(ii) that, if adversely determined, would, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on a significant portion of its business operations or any portion of its business operations affecting the Receivables. No litigation,
investigation or proceeding exists or, to the knowledge of the Servicer, is threatened in writing asserting the invalidity of this Agreement, seeking to prevent the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or seeking any
determination or ruling that could reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect (A) the performance of the Servicer of its obligations under this Agreement, or (B) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any
material amount of such Receivables. 
 19 

(m) Insurance . The Servicer currently maintains insurance with respect to its
properties and businesses and causes its Subsidiaries to maintain insurance with respect to their properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by corporations engaged in the same or similar business and
similarly situated, of such types and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other corporations including, without limitation, workers compensation insurance. 
 (n) ERISA . No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, either alone or when taken together with all other such
ERISA Events, could reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, operations or properties of Schein and ERISA Affiliates taken as a whole. Any excess of the accumulated benefit obligations under
one or more Pension Plans (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) over the fair market value of the assets of such Pension Plan or Pension Plans is in an amount that could not
reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, operations or properties of Schein and ERISA Affiliates taken as a whole. 
 ARTICLE VI. CONDITIONS
OF PURCHASES Section 6.1 Conditions Precedent to Initial Incremental Purchase; Closing Date . The initial Incremental
Purchase of a Receivable Interest under this Agreement is subject to the conditions precedent that (a) the Agent and each Purchaser Agent shall have received on or before the date of such Purchase those documents listed on Schedule A and
(b) the Agent and each Purchaser Agent shall have received all fees and expenses required to be paid on such date pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Fee Letter. 
 Section 6.2 Conditions Precedent to All Purchases and Reinvestments . Each Incremental Purchase and each Reinvestment shall be
subject to the further conditions precedent that (a) in the case of each such Purchase: (i) the Servicer shall have delivered to the Agent and each Purchaser Agent on or prior to the date of such Purchase, in form and substance
satisfactory to the Agent and each Purchaser Agent, all Settlement Reports as and when due under Section 8.5 , and (ii) upon the Agent s or any Purchaser Agent s request, the Servicer shall have delivered to
the Agent and each Purchaser Agent at least one (1) Business Day prior to such Purchase an interim settlement report in substantially the form of Exhibit XI ; (b) the Agent and each Purchaser Agent shall have received such other
documents as it may reasonably request and (c) on each Purchase Date, the following statements shall be true (and acceptance of the proceeds of such Incremental Purchase or Reinvestment shall be deemed a representation and warranty by Seller
that such statements are then true): (i) the representations and warranties set forth in Article V are true and
correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Incremental Purchase or Reinvestment as though made on and as of such Purchase Date; 
 (ii) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Incremental Purchase or Reinvestment, that will
constitute a Termination Event, and no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Incremental Purchase or Reinvestment, that would constitute an Unmatured Termination Event; and 
 20 

(iii) after giving effect to such Incremental Purchase or Reinvestment, the
Aggregate Invested Amount will not exceed the Maximum Purchase Limit and the aggregate Receivable Interests will not exceed 100 . It is expressly
understood that each Reinvestment shall, unless otherwise directed by the Agent, occur automatically on each day that the Servicer shall receive any Collections without the requirement that any further action be taken on the part of any Person. The
failure of Seller to satisfy any of the foregoing conditions precedent in respect of any Reinvestment shall give rise to a right of the Agent and each Purchaser Agent, which right may be exercised at any time on demand of the Agent or any Purchaser
Agent, to rescind the related purchase and direct Seller to pay to the Purchaser Agents, for the benefit of Purchasers (ratably, according to each Purchaser s aggregate Invested Amount), an amount equal to the Collections that shall have been
applied to the affected Reinvestment (but not in excess of the Aggregate Unpaids). ARTICLE VII. 
 COVENANTS 
 Section 7.1 Affirmative Covenants of the Seller . In addition to its other covenants contained herein or made pursuant hereto, the
Seller covenants with the Agent, each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser as follows: (a) Notice of Termination Event . Promptly
upon becoming aware of, but in any event no later than two (2) Business Days, any Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event, the Seller shall give the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent) notice thereof,
together with a written statement of a Responsible Officer setting forth the details thereof and any action with respect thereto taken or contemplated to be taken by the Seller. 
 (b) Notice of Material Adverse Change . Promptly upon becoming aware thereof, the Seller shall give the Agent (which shall promptly
forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent) notice of any material adverse change in the business, operations or financial condition of the Seller, which reasonably could be expected to materially adversely affect the collectibility of the Receivables.
 (c) Preservation of Corporate Existence . The Seller shall preserve and maintain its corporate existence, rights, franchises and
privileges in the jurisdiction of its incorporation, and qualify and remain qualified in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction where the failure to preserve and maintain such existence, rights, franchises, privileges and
qualification could reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect (i) the interests of the Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser hereunder or (ii) the ability of the Seller to perform its obligations under the Transaction
Documents. 
 21 

(d) Compliance with Laws . The Seller shall comply in all material respects with all
Laws applicable to the Seller, its business and properties, and all Receivables related to the Receivable Interests. (e)
 Enforceability of Obligations . The Seller shall take such actions as are reasonable and within its power to ensure that, with respect to each Receivable, the obligation of any related Obligor to pay the unpaid balance of such Receivable in
accordance with the terms of the related Contract remains legal, valid, binding and enforceable against such Obligor except as otherwise permitted by Section 8.2(d) . 
 (f) Books and Records . (i) (i) The Seller shall maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including, without limitation, the ability to recreate Records evidencing the Receivables in the event of the destruction of the
originals thereof), and keep and maintain all documents, books, Records and other information, reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of all Receivables (including, without limitation, Records adequate to permit the identification of
all Related Security and Collections and adjustments to each existing Receivable). (ii) The Seller will (and will
cause each Originator to): (A) on or prior to the date hereof, mark its computer records indicating that the Receivables have been sold to the Seller by the Originators and pledged to the Agent hereunder (which marking may take the form of a
footnote or legend on any applicable entry screen for the Receivables data or system) and (B) upon the request of the Agent or any Purchaser Agent following the occurrence of a Termination Event, the Seller will deliver to the Agent all
Contracts (including, without limitation, all multiple originals of any such Contract constituting an instrument, a certificated security or chattel paper) relating to the Receivables. 
 (g) Fulfillment of Obligations . The Seller shall do nothing to impair the rights, title and interest of the Agent, any Purchaser Agent
or any Purchaser in and to the Receivable Interests and shall pay when due any taxes, including without limitation any sales tax, excise tax or other similar tax or charge, payable in connection with the Receivables and their creation and
satisfaction. (h) Beneficial Ownership Rule . Promptly following any change that would result in a change to the status of the
Seller as an excluded Legal Entity Customer under the Beneficial Ownership Rule, the Seller shall execute and deliver to the Agent an updated Certification of Beneficial Owner(s) complying with the Beneficial Ownership Rule, in form and
substance reasonably acceptable to the Agent. (i) Litigation . As soon as possible, and in any event within three (3) Business
Days of the Seller s knowledge thereof, the Seller shall give the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent) notice of any litigation, investigation or proceeding against the Seller which may exist at any time which, in
the reasonable judgment of the Seller, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of the Seller, materially impair the ability of the Seller to perform its obligations under the
Transaction Documents, or materially adversely affect the collectibility of the Receivables. 
 22 

(j) Notice of Relocation . The Seller shall give the Agent (which shall promptly
forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent) 30 days prior written notice of any change of its Location. The Seller will at all times maintain its Location within a jurisdiction in the United States in which Article 9 of the UCC is in effect as of
the date hereof or the date of any such relocation. (k) Further Information . The Seller shall furnish or cause to be furnished to
the Agent and each Purchaser Agent such other information as promptly as practicable, and in such form and detail, as the Agent or any Purchaser Agent may reasonably request. 
 (l) Fees, Taxes and Expenses . The Seller shall pay all filing fees, stamp taxes and other similar taxes and expenses, including the
fees and expenses set forth in Section 10.3 , if any, which may be incurred on account of or arise out of this Agreement and the documents and transactions entered into pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (m) Compliance with Receivables Sale Agreement . The Seller will enforce all material obligations and undertakings on the part of each
Originator to be observed and performed under the Receivables Sale Agreement. Seller will take all actions to perfect and enforce its rights and interests (and the rights and interests of the Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties), as
Seller s assignee) under the Receivables Sale Agreement as the Agent or any Purchaser Agent may from time to time reasonably request, including, without limitation, making claims to which it may be entitled under any indemnity, reimbursement or
similar provision contained in the Receivables Sale Agreement. (n) Audits . At any time, upon reasonable written notice to the
Seller (but not more than once per calendar year unless a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event has occurred and is continuing), the Seller shall permit the Agent, together with each Purchaser Agent that wants to participate, or such
Person as the Agent or such Purchaser Agents may designate, during business hours, to conduct audits or visit and inspect any of the properties of the Seller to examine the Records, internal controls and procedures maintained by the Seller and take
copies and extracts therefrom, and to discuss the Seller s affairs with its officers and independent accountants. The Seller hereby authorizes such officers and independent accountants to discuss with the Agent and each Purchaser Agent, or such
Person they may designate, the affairs of the Seller. The Seller shall reimburse the Agent and each Purchaser Agent for all reasonable and documented fees, costs and
 out-of-pocket expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Agent and each Purchaser Agent in connection with up to one (1) such audits and visits for each per calendar
year promptly upon receipt of a written invoice therefor; provided that , following the occurrence and during the continuance of a Termination Event or an Unmatured Termination Event, the Seller shall reimburse the Agent and each
Purchaser Agent for all reasonable fees, costs and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Agent and each Purchaser Agent in connection with the foregoing
actions promptly upon receipt of written invoice therefor regardless of the number of audits or visits in such year. Subject to the requirements of applicable laws, the Agent and each Purchaser Agent agrees to use commercially reasonable precautions
to keep confidential, in accordance with its respective customary procedures for handling confidential information, any non-public information supplied to it by the Seller pursuant to any such audit or visit
which is identified by the Seller as being confidential at the time the same is delivered to the Agent and each Purchaser Agent. 
 23 

(o) Separate Corporate Existence . The Seller shall: 
 (i) Maintain in full effect its existence, rights and franchises as a corporation under the laws of the state of its
incorporation and will obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of this Agreement and each Transaction Document and each
other instrument or agreement necessary or appropriate to permit and effectuate the transactions contemplated hereby. (ii)
Maintain its own deposit account or accounts, separate from those of any of its Affiliates, with commercial banking institutions. The funds of the Seller will not be diverted to any other Person or for any use other than the corporate use of the
Seller and the funds of the Seller shall not be commingled with those of any of its Affiliates. (iii) To the extent that
the Seller contracts or does business with vendors or service providers where the goods and services provided are partially for the benefit of any other Person, the costs incurred in so doing shall be fairly allocated to or among the Seller and such
entities for whose benefit the goods and services are provided, and the Seller and each such entity shall bear its fair share of such costs. All material transactions between the Seller and any of its Affiliates shall be only on an arm s-length basis. (iv) At all times have a Board of Directors consisting of three
members, at least one member of which is an Independent Director. (v) Conduct its affairs strictly in accordance with its
certificate of incorporation and observe all necessary, appropriate and customary corporate formalities, including, but not limited to, holding all regular and special stockholders and directors meetings appropriate to authorize all
corporate action, keeping separate and accurate minutes of such meetings, passing all resolutions or consents necessary to authorize actions taken or to be taken, and maintaining accurate and separate books, records and accounts, including, but not
limited to, intercompany transaction accounts. Regular stockholders and directors meetings (or unanimous written consents in lieu thereof) shall be held at least annually. 
 (vi) Ensure that decisions with respect to its business and daily operations shall be independently made by the Seller
(although the officer making any particular decision may also be an employee, officer or director of an Affiliate of the Seller) and shall not be dictated by an Affiliate of the Seller. 
 (vii) Act solely in its own corporate name and through its own authorized officers and agents, and no Affiliate of the Seller
shall be appointed to act as its agent, except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement. The Seller shall at all times use its own stationery. 
 (viii) Ensure that no Affiliate of the Seller shall advance funds to the Seller, other than (i) capital contributions from
Schein, made to enable the Seller to pay the purchase price of Receivables or (ii) as is otherwise provided herein or in any Transaction Document, and no Affiliate of the Seller will otherwise supply funds to, or guaranty debts of, the Seller.
 
 24 

(ix) Other than organizational expenses and as expressly provided herein,
pay all expenses, indebtedness and other obligations incurred by it. (x) Not enter into any guaranty, or otherwise become
liable, with respect to any obligation of any of its Affiliates. (xi) Ensure that any financial reports required of the
Seller shall comply with GAAP and shall be issued separately from, but may be consolidated with, any reports prepared for any of its Affiliates. 
 (xii) Ensure that at all times it is adequately capitalized to engage in the transactions contemplated in its certificate of
incorporation, the Transaction Documents and this Agreement. (xiii) Take such action to ensure that: (A) the Seller
is solvent, including, without limitation, that it has not been rendered insolvent by the actions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; (B) the Seller intends to and reasonably expects to survive as a stand-alone entity, independent of
financial assistance of any entity not contemplated by the Transaction Documents; (C) the Seller shall at all times have its own telephone number separate from that of Schein; (D) neither the assets nor the creditworthiness of the Seller
is held out as being available for the payment of any liability of Schein; (E) each of Schein and the Seller operates as a separate legal entity and not as a division or department thereof; (F) the Seller does not engage in or expect to
engage in business for which its remaining property represents an unreasonably small capitalization; and (G) the Seller does not intend to incur nor does it believe it will incur indebtedness that it will not be able to repay at its maturity.
 (p) Information . The Seller shall provide the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent)
with the following: (i) as soon as practicable and in any event within 45 days following the close of each fiscal quarter,
excluding the last fiscal quarter, of each Fiscal Year of the Seller during the term of this Agreement, an unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Seller as of the end of such quarter and unaudited consolidated statements of income of the Seller
for such quarter and for the Fiscal Year through such quarter, setting forth in comparative form the corresponding figures for the corresponding quarter of the preceding Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and certified by a Responsible Officer of
the Seller, subject to adjustments of the type which would occur as a result of a year-end audit, as having been prepared in accordance with GAAP; and 
 (ii) as soon as practicable and in any event within 90 days after the close of each Fiscal Year of the Seller during the term
of this Agreement, a consolidated balance sheet of the Seller as at the close of such Fiscal Year and consolidated statements of income of the Seller for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in comparative form the corresponding figures for the preceding
Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail. 
 25 

(iii) Compliance Certificate . Together with the financial statements
required pursuant to this Section 7.1(p) , a compliance certificate in substantially the form of Exhibit IV signed by an Authorized Officer of the Seller and dated the date of such annual financial statement or such
quarterly financial statement, as the case may be. (q) Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions . Policies and
procedures will be maintained and enforced by or on behalf of the Seller that are designed in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to promote and achieve compliance by the Seller and each of its Subsidiaries, and their respective
directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws, applicable Anti-Terrorism Laws and applicable Sanctions. 
 Section 7.2 Negative Covenants of the Seller . Until the date on which the Aggregate Unpaids have been indefeasibly paid in full
(other than contingent obligations for which no claim has been asserted) and this Agreement terminates in accordance with its terms, the Seller hereby covenants that it will not: 
 (a) No Rescissions or Modifications . Rescind or cancel any Receivable or related Contract or modify any terms or provisions thereof or
grant any Dilution to an Obligor, except in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy or otherwise with the prior written consent of the Agent, unless such Receivable has been deemed collected pursuant to
 Section 1.4(a) or repurchased pursuant to the Receivables Sale Agreement. (b) No Liens . Cause any of the
Receivables or related Contracts, or any inventory or goods the sale of which give rise to a Receivable, or any Lock-Box or Collection Account or any right to receive any payments received therein or deposited
thereto, to be sold, pledged, assigned or transferred or to be subject to a Lien, other than the sale and assignment of the Receivable Interest therein to the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and the Liens created in connection with
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. (c) Consolidations, Mergers and Sales of Assets . (i) Consolidate or merge
with or into any other Person or (ii) sell, lease or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of its assets to any other Person. 
 (d) No Changes . Make any change in the character of its business, which change would materially impair the collectibility of any
Receivable, without prior written consent of the Agent and each Purchaser Agent, or change its name, identity or corporate structure in any manner which would make any financing statement or continuation statement filed in connection with this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby seriously misleading within the meaning of Section 9-507(c) of the UCC of any applicable jurisdiction or other applicable Laws unless it shall have given
the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent) at least 30 days prior written notice thereof and unless prior thereto it shall have caused such financing statement or continuation statement to be amended or a new
financing statement to be filed such that such financing statement or continuation statement would not be seriously misleading. 
 26 

(e) Capital Stock . Issue any capital stock except to Schein. The Seller shall not pay
any dividends to Schein if such payment would be prohibited under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. (f) Change in
Payment Instructions to Obligors . Except as may be required by the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent) pursuant to Section 8.2(b) , the Seller will not add or terminate any bank as a
Collection Bank, or make any change in the instructions to Obligors regarding payments to be made to any Lock-Box or Collection Account, unless (i) the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each
Purchaser Agent) shall have received, at least ten (10) days before the proposed effective date therefor, (A) written notice of such addition, termination or change and (B) with respect to the addition of a Collection Bank or a
Collection Account or Lock-Box, an executed Collection Account Agreement (which is reasonably satisfactory to the Agent) with respect to the new Collection Account or
 Lock-Box, (ii) with respect to the termination of a Collection Bank or a Collection Account or Lock-Box, the Agent shall have consented thereto (which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and (iii) with respect to any changes in instructions to Obligors regarding payments, the Agent shall have consented thereto; provided that the Servicer may make
changes in instructions to Obligors regarding payments without any consent if such new instructions require such Obligor to make payments to another existing Lock-Box or Collection Account. 
 (g) Use of Proceeds . Seller will not use the proceeds of the Purchases for any purpose other than (i) paying for Receivables and
Related Security under and in accordance with the Receivables Sale Agreement, including without limitation, making payments on the Subordinated Notes (as defined in the Receivables Sale Agreement) to the extent permitted thereunder and under the
Receivables Sale Agreement, (ii) paying its ordinary and necessary operating expenses when and as due, and (iii) making Restricted Junior Payments to the extent permitted under this Agreement . 
 (h) Termination Date Determination . Seller will not designate the Termination Date (as defined in the Receivables Sale Agreement), or
send any written notice to any Originator in respect thereof, without the prior written consent of the Agent and each Purchaser Agent, except with respect to the occurrence of such Termination Date arising pursuant to Section 5.1(e) of the
Receivables Sale Agreement. (i) Restricted Junior Payments . Seller will not make any Restricted Junior Payment if after giving
effect thereto, Seller s Net Worth (as defined in the Receivables Sale Agreement) would be less than the Required Capital Amount (as defined in the Receivables Sale Agreement). 
 (j) Seller Indebtedness . Seller will not incur or permit to exist any Indebtedness or liability on account of deposits except:
(i) the Aggregate Unpaids, (ii) the Subordinated Loans (as defined in the Receivables Sale Agreement), and (iii) other current accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business and not exceeding 25,000 at any one time and
not overdue. 
 27 

(k) Prohibition on Additional Negative Pledges . The Seller shall not enter into or
assume any agreement (other than this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents) prohibiting the creation or assumption of any Lien upon the Purchased Assets except as contemplated by the Transaction Documents, or otherwise prohibiting or
restricting any transaction contemplated hereby or by the other Transaction Documents, and the Seller shall not enter into or assume any agreement creating any Lien upon the Subordinated Notes. 
 (l) Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions . The Seller will not request any Purchase, and shall procure that its
Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Purchase (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or
anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Anti-Terrorism Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding or financing any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any
Sanctioned Country, in each case to the extent doing so would violate any applicable Sanctions, or (iii) in any other manner that would result in liability to any party hereto under any applicable Sanctions or result in the violation of any
Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Anti-Terrorism Laws. Section 7.3 Affirmative Covenants of the Servicer . In addition to its
other covenants contained herein or made pursuant hereto, the Servicer covenants with the Agent, each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser as follows: 
 (a) Notice of Termination Event . Promptly upon becoming aware of, but in any event no later than two (2) Business Days, any
Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event, the Servicer shall give the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent) notice thereof, together with a written statement of a Responsible Officer setting forth the details
thereof and any action with respect thereto taken or contemplated to be taken by such Servicer. (b) Notice of Material Adverse
Change . Promptly upon any Responsible Officer of the Servicer becoming aware thereof, the Servicer shall give the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent) notice of any material adverse change in the business,
operations or financial condition of the Servicer which reasonably could be expected to materially adversely affect the collectibility of the Receivables or the ability of the Servicer to perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
 (c) Preservation of Corporate Existence . The Servicer shall preserve and maintain its corporate existence, rights, franchises and
privileges in the jurisdiction of its incorporation, and qualify and remain qualified in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction where the failure to preserve and maintain such existence, rights, franchises, privileges and
qualification could reasonably be expected to materially adversely affect (i) the interests of the Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser hereunder or (ii) the ability of such Servicer to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
 (d) Compliance with Laws . The Servicer shall comply with all Laws applicable to the Servicer, its business and properties, and all
Receivables related to the Receivable Interests, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a material adverse effect. 
 28 

(e) Enforceability of Obligations . The Servicer shall take such actions as are
reasonable and within its power to ensure that, with respect to each Receivable, the obligation of any related Obligor to pay the unpaid balance of such Receivable in accordance with the terms of the related Contract remains legal, valid, binding
and enforceable against such Obligor except as otherwise permitted by Section 8.2(d) . (f) Books and
Records . The Servicer shall maintain and implement administrative and operating procedures (including, without limitation, the ability to recreate Records evidencing the Receivables in the event of the destruction of the originals thereof), and
keep and maintain all documents, books, Records and other information reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of all applicable Receivables (including, without limitation, Records adequate to permit the identification of all Related
Security and Collections and adjustments to each existing Receivable). Upon the request of the Agent or any Purchaser Agent, following the occurrence and continuance of a Termination Event, the Servicer shall deliver to the Agent all Contracts
(including, without limitation, all multiple originals of any such Contract constituting an instrument, a certificated security or chattel paper) relating to the Receivables. 
 (g) Fulfillment of Obligations . The Servicer will duly observe and perform, or cause to be observed or performed, all material
obligations and undertakings on its part or on the part of any subservicer to be observed and performed under or in connection with the Receivables (including the delivery of Settlement Reports), will duly observe and perform all material
provisions, covenants and other promises required to be observed by it under the Contracts related to such Receivables, will do nothing to impair the rights, title and interest of the Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser in and to the
Receivable Interests and will pay when due any taxes, including without limitation any sales tax, excise tax or other similar tax or charge, payable in connection with such Receivables and their creation and satisfaction. 
 (h) Obligor List . The Servicer shall at all times maintain a current list (which may be stored on computer systems or disks) of all
Obligors under Contracts related to the applicable Receivables, including the name, address, telephone number and account number of each such Obligor. The list shall be updated as provided in Section 8.5(b) and the Servicer
shall deliver or cause to be delivered a copy of such list to the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent) as soon as practicable following the Agent s request (but not more frequently than once each calendar
quarter unless a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event has occurred and is continuing). (i) Notice of
Relocation . The Servicer shall give the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent) 30 days prior written notice of any change of its Location. The Servicer will at all times maintain its Location within a
jurisdiction in the United States in which Article 9 of the UCC is in effect as of the date hereof or the date of any such relocation. 
 (j) Modification of Systems . The Servicer agrees, promptly after the replacement or any material modification of any computer,
automation or other operating systems which are used to track, monitor or account for Receivables (in respect of hardware or software) used to perform its services as Servicer or to make any calculations or reports hereunder, to give notice of any
such replacement or modification to the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent). 
 29 

(k) Litigation . As soon as possible, and in any event within ten (10) Business
Days of the Servicer s knowledge thereof, the Servicer shall give the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent) notice of any litigation, investigation or proceeding against the Servicer which may exist at any time
which, in the reasonable judgment of the Servicer could reasonably be expected to materially impair the ability of the Servicer to perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
 (l) ERISA Events . Promptly upon the occurrence of any ERISA Event that, alone or together with any other ERISA Events that have
occurred, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, operations or properties of Schein and its ERISA Affiliates taken as a whole, Schein shall give the Seller a written notice specifying the
nature thereof, what action Schein or any ERISA Affiliate has taken with respect thereto and, when known by Schein, any action taken or threatened by the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Labor or the PBGC with respect thereto. 
 (m) Separate Corporate Existence . As long as Schein is the Servicer hereunder, the Servicer shall maintain its legal identity separate
from the Seller and take such action to ensure that: (A) the management of the Servicer does not anticipate any need for its having to extend advances to the Seller except for those described in the Transaction Documents, if any; (B) the
Servicer does not conduct its business in the name of the Seller; (C) the Servicer has a telephone number, stationery and business forms separate from those of the Seller; (D) the Servicer does not provide for its expenses and liabilities
to be paid from the funds of the Seller or vice versa; (E) the Servicer is not liable for the payment of any liability of the Seller; (F) neither the assets nor the creditworthiness of the Servicer is held out as being available for the
payment of any liability of the Seller; (G) the Servicer maintains an arm s-length relationship with the Seller; and (H) assets are not transferred from the Servicer to the Seller without fair
consideration or with the intent to hinder, delay or defraud the creditors of either company. (n) Audits . At any time, upon
reasonable notice to the Servicer (but not more than once per calendar year unless a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event has occurred and is continuing), the Servicer shall permit the Agent, together with each Purchaser Agent that wants
to participate, or such Person as they may designate, during business hours, to conduct audits or visit and inspect the corporate headquarters of the Servicer located at the location listed on Exhibit III in order to examine the Records,
internal controls and procedures maintained by the Servicer and take copies and extracts therefrom, and to discuss the Servicer s affairs with its officers and independent accountants. The Servicer hereby authorizes such officers and
independent accountants to discuss with the Agent and each Purchaser Agent, or such Person as they may designate, the affairs of the Servicer. The Seller shall reimburse the Agent and each Purchaser Agent for all reasonable and documented fees,
costs and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Agent and each Purchaser Agent in connection with up to one (1) such audits and visits for each per
calendar year promptly upon receipt of a written invoice therefor; provided that following the occurrence and during the continuance of a Termination Event or an Unmatured Termination Event, the Seller shall reimburse the Agent and
each Purchaser Agent for all reasonable fees, costs and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by or on behalf 
 30 

of the Agent and each Purchaser Agent in connection with the foregoing actions promptly upon receipt of written invoice therefor regardless of the number of audits or visits in such year. Subject
to the requirements of applicable laws, the Agent and each Purchaser Agent agrees to use commercially reasonable precautions to keep confidential, in accordance with its respective customary procedures for handling confidential information, any non-public information supplied to it by the Servicer pursuant to any such audit or visit which is identified by the Servicer as being confidential at the time the same is delivered to the Agent and each Purchaser
Agent. (o) S.E.C. Filings . Promptly upon the written request of the Agent or any Purchaser Agent, provide to the Agent
(which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent) copies of all registration statements and annual, quarterly, monthly or other regular reports which Seller or Servicer files with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 (p) Notices . Servicer will notify the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent) in writing of any of the
following promptly upon learning of the occurrence thereof, describing the same and, if applicable, the steps being taken with respect thereto: 
 (i) Judgments and Proceedings . (A) Except as set forth in the Servicer s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in the Servicer s Annual Report on Form 10-K, in each case, most recently filed with the Securities Exchange Commission, (1) the entry of any judgment or
decree against Schein or any of its Subsidiaries if the aggregate amount of all judgments and decrees then outstanding against Schein and its Subsidiaries exceeds 200,000,000 and shall remain undischarged for a period of 45 consecutive days during
which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of Schein or any Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment and after deducting (a) the amount with
respect to which Schein or any such Subsidiary, as the case may be, is insured and with respect to which the insurer has assumed responsibility in writing, and (b) the amount for which Schein or any such Subsidiary is otherwise indemnified, and
(2) the institution of any material litigation, arbitration proceeding or governmental proceeding against Schein that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Schein; and (B) the entry of any material judgment or
decree or the institution of any material litigation, arbitration proceeding or governmental proceeding against Seller. 
 (ii) Termination Date . The occurrence of the Termination Date under and as defined in the Receivables Sale
Agreement. (iii) Defaults Under Other Agreements . The occurrence of any default by the Seller with respect to any
payment obligation other than any payment obligation under the Transaction Documents in an amount exceeding 25,000. (iv)
 Notices under Receivables Sale Agreement . Copies of all notices to be delivered under the Receivables Sale Agreement. (q)
 [Intentionally Omitted] . 
 31 

(r) Financial Statements . In the event that the balance sheet and/or the statements
of income and cash flow (as described in Section 5.3(k) of the Servicer and its Consolidated Subsidiaries are no longer publicly available, Schein shall, within 45 or 90 days of the end of the applicable quarter or Fiscal
Year, respectively, provide copies of such balance sheet and/or statements of income and cash flow to the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent). 
 (s) Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism Laws and Sanctions . Policies and procedures will be maintained and enforced by or on behalf of
each of the Servicer and each Originator that are designed in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to promote and achieve compliance by the Servicer and each Originator and each of their respective Subsidiaries and their respective
directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws, applicable Anti-Terrorism Laws and applicable Sanctions. 
 Section 7.4 Negative Covenants of the Servicer . Until the date on which the Aggregate Unpaids have been indefeasibly paid in full
and this Agreement terminates in accordance with its terms, the Servicer hereby covenants that it will not: (a) No Rescissions or
Modifications . Rescind or cancel any Receivable or related Contract or modify any terms or provisions thereof or grant any Dilution to an Obligor, except in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy or otherwise with the prior written
consent of the Agent, unless such Receivable has been deemed collected pursuant to Section 1.4(a) or repurchased pursuant to the Receivables Sale Agreement. 
 (b) No Liens . Cause any of the applicable Receivables or related Contracts, or any inventory or goods the sale of which may give rise
to a Receivable or any Collection Account or any right to receive any payments received therein or deposited thereto, to be sold, pledged, assigned or transferred or to be subject to a Lien, other than (i) the sale and assignment of the
Receivable Interest to the Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, (ii) the Liens created in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (iii) Liens in respect of a Receivable which has been deemed collected
pursuant to Section 1.4(a) or repurchased pursuant to the Receivables Sale Agreement, and for which payment has been received. 
 (c) No Changes . Change its name, identity or corporate structure or jurisdiction of formation in any manner which would make any
financing statement or continuation statement filed in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby seriously misleading within the meaning of Section 9.507(c) of the UCC of any applicable jurisdiction or other
applicable Laws unless it shall have given the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent) at least 30 days prior written notice thereof and unless prior thereto it shall have caused such financing statement or
continuation statement to be amended or a new financing statement to be filed such that such financing statement or continuation statement would not be seriously misleading; or make any material change to the Credit and Collection Policy unless
(i) the Agent has received prior written notice of such change and (ii) the Agent and the Required Purchaser Agents have consented to such change if such change could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the
collectibility of the Receivables generally or of any material portion of the Receivables. 
 32 

(d) Consolidations, Mergers and Sales of Assets . (i) Consolidate or merge with
or into any other Person or (ii) sell, lease or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of its assets to any other Person; provided that the Servicer may merge with another Person if (A) the Servicer is the corporation
surviving such merger and (B) immediately after giving effect to such merger, no Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 (e) Change in Payment Instructions to Obligors . Except as may be required by the Agent pursuant to
 Section 8.2(b) , the Servicer will not add or terminate any bank as a Collection Bank, or make any change in the instructions to Obligors regarding payments to be made to any Lock-Box 
or Collection Account, unless (i) the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent) shall have received, at least ten (10) days before the proposed effective date therefor, (A) written notice of such addition,
termination or change and (B) with respect to the addition of a Collection Bank or a Collection Account or Lock-Box, an executed Collection Account Agreement (which is reasonably satisfactory to the
Agent) with respect to the new Collection Account or Lock-Box, (ii) with respect to the termination of a Collection Bank or a Collection Account or Lock-Box, the
Agent shall have consented thereto (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and (iii) with respect to any changes in instructions to Obligors regarding payments, the Agent shall have consented thereto; provided that
 the Servicer may make changes in instructions to Obligors regarding payments without any consent if such new instructions require such Obligor to make payments to another existing Lock-Box or
Collection Account. (f) Prohibition on Additional Negative Pledges . The Servicer shall not enter into or assume any agreement
(other than this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents) prohibiting the creation or assumption of any Lien upon the Purchased Assets or otherwise prohibiting or restricting any transaction contemplated hereby or by the other Transaction
Documents, and the Servicer shall not enter into or assume any agreement creating any Lien upon the Subordinated Notes. (g)
 Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Terrorism and Sanctions . The Servicer and each Originator shall not use, and each of the Servicer and each Originator shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees
and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Purchase (i) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption
Laws or applicable Anti-Terrorism Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding or financing any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, in each case to the extent doing so would violate any
Sanctions, or (iii) in any other manner that would result in liability to any party hereto under any applicable Sanctions or result in the violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Anti-Terrorism Laws. 
 33 

ARTICLE VIII. 
 ADMINISTRATION AND COLLECTION 
 Section 8.1 Designation of Servicer . 
 (a) The servicing, administration and collection of the Receivables shall be conducted by such Person (the
 Servicer so designated from time to time in accordance with this Section 8.1 . Schein is hereby designated as, and hereby agrees to perform the duties and obligations
of, the Servicer pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The Agent may, at any time following the occurrence of a Termination Event upon five (5) Business Days notice, designate as Servicer any Person (including itself) to succeed Schein
or any successor Servicer. (b) The Servicer may, with the prior written consent of the Agent, delegate its duties and obligations
hereunder to any subservicer (each, a Sub -Servicer provided that, in each such delegation, (i) such Sub-Servicer shall
agree in writing to perform the duties and obligations of the Servicer pursuant to the terms hereof, (ii) the Servicer shall remain primarily liable to the Agent, each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser for the performance of the duties and
obligations so delegated, (iii) the Seller and the Agent, each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser shall have the right to look to the Servicer (rather than the Sub-Servicer) for performance, and
(iv) the terms of any agreement with any Sub-Servicer shall provide that the Agent may terminate such agreement upon the termination of the Servicer hereunder by giving notice of its desire to terminate
such agreement to the Servicer (and the Servicer shall provide appropriate notice to such Sub-Servicer). 
 Section 8.2 Duties of Servicer . 
 (a) The Servicer shall take or cause to be taken all such actions as may be necessary or advisable to collect each Receivable from time to
time, all in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, with reasonable care and diligence, and in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy. 
 (b) The Servicer will instruct all Obligors to pay all Collections directly to a Lock-Box or
Collection Account. The Servicer shall not direct any cash or payment item other than Collections to be deposited into any Lock-Box or Collection Account. If, despite such direction, any remittances are
received in any Lock-Box or Collection Account that shall have been identified, to the satisfaction of the Servicer, to not constitute Collections or other proceeds of the Receivables or the Related Security,
the Servicer shall promptly remit such items to the Person identified to it (or by it) as being the owner of such remittances. From and after the date the Agent delivers to any Collection Bank a Collection Notice pursuant to
 Section 8.3 , the Agent may request that the Servicer, and the Servicer thereupon promptly shall, instruct all Obligors with respect to the Receivables to remit all payments thereon to a new depositary account specified by
the Agent and, at all times thereafter, Seller and the Servicer shall not deposit or otherwise credit, and shall not permit any other Person to deposit or otherwise credit to such new depositary account any cash or payment item other than
Collections. 
 34 

(c) The Servicer shall administer the Collections in accordance with the procedures
described herein. To the extent any Collections are received directly by the Servicer, the Servicer shall set aside and hold in trust for the account of Seller and the Secured Parties their respective shares of the Collections in accordance with
 Article II . (d) The Servicer may, in accordance with the Credit and Collection Policy, extend the maturity of any Receivable or
adjust the Outstanding Balance of any Receivable as the Servicer determines in good faith to be appropriate to maximize Collections thereof; provided that such extension or adjustment shall not alter the status of such Receivable as a
Delinquent Receivable or Defaulted Receivable or limit the rights of the Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser under this Agreement. 
 (e) The Servicer shall hold in trust for Seller and the Agent, each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser all Records that (i) evidence or
relate to the Receivables, the related Contracts and Related Security or (ii) are otherwise necessary or desirable to collect the Receivables and shall, as soon as practicable upon demand of the Agent, deliver or make available to the Agent all
such Records, at a place selected by the Agent. The Servicer shall, from time to time at the request of the Agent or any Purchaser Agent, furnish to the Agent and each Purchaser Agent (promptly after any such request) a calculation of the amounts
set aside for each Purchaser pursuant to Article II . (f) Any payment by an Obligor in respect of any indebtedness owed by it to
Originator or Seller shall, except as otherwise specified by such Obligor or otherwise required by contract or law and unless otherwise instructed by the Agent, be applied as a Collection of any Receivable of such Obligor (starting with the oldest
such Receivable) to the extent of any amounts then due and payable thereunder before being applied to any other receivable or other obligation of such Obligor. 
 Section 8.3 Collection Notices . The Agent is authorized at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of a
Termination Event to deliver the Collection Notices to the Collection Banks. Seller hereby transfers to the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, effective when the Agent delivers such notice, the exclusive ownership and control of each Lock-Box and the Collection Accounts and, in connection therewith, agrees to cause each Collection Bank to modify the name on each Lock-Box and Collection Account as requested
by the Agent. Seller hereby authorizes the Agent, and agrees that the Agent shall be entitled (i) at any time after delivery of the Collection Notices, to endorse Seller s name on checks and other instruments representing Collections,
(ii) at any time after the occurrence of a Termination Event, to enforce the Receivables, the related Contracts and the Related Security, and (iii) at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Termination Event, to take
such action as shall be reasonably necessary or desirable to cause all cash, checks and other instruments constituting Collections of Receivables to come into the possession of the Agent rather than Seller or Servicer. 
 Section 8.4 Responsibilities of Seller . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the exercise by the Agent, on behalf of
Secured Parties, of the Agent s rights hereunder shall not release the Servicer, any Originator or Seller from any of their duties or obligations with respect to any Receivables or under the related Contracts. The Agent, each Purchaser Agent
and each Purchaser shall have no obligation or liability with respect to any Receivables or related Contracts, nor shall any of them be obligated to perform the obligations of Seller or any Originator thereunder. 
 35 

Section 8.5 Settlement Reports . 
 (a) The Servicer shall prepare and forward to the Agent (with an electronic copy to each Purchaser Agent) (i) on each Settlement
Reporting Date, a Settlement Report (certified by an Responsible Officer of the Servicer) and an electronic file of the data contained therein and (ii) at such times as the Agent or any Purchaser Agent shall request, a listing by Obligor of all
Receivables together with an aging of such Receivables; provided that , if a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, the Agent or any Purchaser Agent may request that the Servicer deliver a
Settlement Report (or a specified portion thereof) no less frequently than weekly. (b) Upon the request of the Agent or any Purchaser
Agent (but not more frequently than every quarter), the Servicer shall provide in writing to the Agent (which shall promptly forward a copy to each Purchaser Agent) the list of Obligors under Contracts related to the Receivables including, for each
Obligor added to the list, the name, address, telephone number and account number of such Obligor and if there have been changes in the name, address, telephone number or account number of any existing Obligor, the revisions shall be provided. 
 Section 8.6 Servicing Fee . As compensation for the Servicer s servicing activities on their behalf, the Servicer shall be
paid the Servicing Fee in arrears on each Settlement Date out of Collections. ARTICLE IX. 
 TERMINATION EVENTS 
 Section 9.1 Termination Events . The occurrence of any one or more of the following events shall constitute an
 Termination Event : (a) the Seller, the Servicer or the Performance Guarantor shall fail to remit or fail to
cause to be remitted to the Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser (i) on any day when due any payment, prepayment or deposit of any amount to be remitted to reduce the Invested Amount or any portion thereof or (ii) within two
(2) Business Days of becoming due, CP Costs, Yield, fees set forth in any Fee Letter or any other Aggregate Unpaids required to be remitted to the Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser; or 
 (b) the Seller or the Servicer shall fail to deliver any Settlement Report and such failure shall continue for three (3) Business Days
after the date when such Settlement Report became due; or the Servicer shall fail to perform its duties and obligations as Servicer under the terms of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and such failure remains unremedied for a period
of ten (10) days after either (i) any Responsible Officer of the Servicer becomes aware thereof or (ii) written notice thereof to such Person by the Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser; 
 36 

(c) any representation, warranty, certification or statement made by the Seller, the
Servicer or Schein under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or in any material agreement, certificate, report, appendix, schedule or document furnished by the Seller, the Servicer or Schein to the Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any
Purchaser pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall prove to have been false or misleading in any material respect as of the time made or deemed made (including by omission of material information
necessary to make such representation, warranty, certification or statement not misleading); or (d) (i) a Change in Control shall occur
with respect to the Performance Guarantor; (ii) Schein shall cease to (A) own 100 of the capital stock of the Seller or (B) own (directly or indirectly) 100 of the capital stock of each Originator (other than Schein); or
(iii) Schein shall (A) consolidate or merge with or into any other Person other than as permitted under Section 7.4 hereof or (B) sell, lease or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of its assets to any other Person unless
Schein is the survivor of such transaction (unless, in each of clauses (i) through (iii), consented to in writing in advance by Agent in its sole discretion); or 
 (e) except as otherwise provided in this Section 9.1 , the Seller or Schein shall default or fail in the performance
or observance of any other covenant, agreement or duty applicable to it contained herein and such default or failure shall continue for ten (10) Business Days after either (i) any Responsible Officer of the Seller or such Originator
becomes aware thereof or (ii) written notice thereof to such Person by the Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser; or (i) the Seller shall fail
to pay any Indebtedness when due and such failure shall continue beyond the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Indebtedness; (ii) Schein or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries (other than
the Seller) shall fail to pay any Indebtedness in excess of 200,000,000 of Schein or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries, as the case may be, or any interest or premium on such Indebtedness, in either case, when due (whether by scheduled maturity,
required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Indebtedness; (iii) any other default under any
agreement or instrument relating to any such Indebtedness or any other event shall occur and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument if the effect of such default or event is to accelerate,
or to permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such Indebtedness unless (A) MUFG is a party to such other agreement or instrument and (B) MUFG and the other requisite lenders thereunder consent to a written waiver of such default or
other event in accordance with the terms of such agreement or instrument; or (iv) a final court decision of 200,000,000 or more shall be rendered against Schein or any of its Consolidated Subsidiaries and (A) such amount remains unpaid
and (B) such amount remains undischarged for a period of 45 consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of Schein or any
of its Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment; or 
 37 

(f) (i) the average of the Delinquency Ratios, computed for each of the immediately
preceding three Calculation Periods, shall exceed (A) with respect to each Calculation Period ending on or prior to May 30, 2020, 14.50 ; (B) with respect to the Calculation Periods ending on June 27, 2020, August 1, 2020,
August 29, 2020 and September 26, 2020, 18.50 ; (C) with respect to the Calculation Period ending on October 31, 2020, 16.00 ; and (D) with respect to each Calculation Period beginning after October 31, 2020, 14.50 ; 
 (ii) the average of the Default Ratios, computed for each of the immediately preceding three Calculation Periods, shall exceed
(A) with respect to each Calculation Period ending on or prior to May 30, 2020, 2.50 ; (B) with respect to the Calculation Periods ending on June 27, 2020, August 1, 2020, August 29, 2020, September 26, 2020,
October 31, 2020 and November 28, 2020, 6.00 ; and (C) with respect to each Calculation Period beginning after November 28, 2020, 2.50 ; 
 (iii) the average of the Dilution Ratios, computed for each of the immediately preceding three Calculation Periods, shall
exceed (A) with respect to any Calculation Period ending on or prior to May 30, 2020, 6.25 ; (B) with respect to the Calculation Periods ending on June 27, 2020, August 1, 2020, August 29, 2020, September 26, 2020, and
October 31, 2020, 9.50 ; and (C) with respect to each Calculation Period beginning after October 31, 2020, 6.25 ; or 
 (iv) the average of the Portfolio Turnover, computed for each of the immediately preceding three Calculation Periods shall
exceed (A) with respect to each Calculation Period ending on or prior to September 26, 2020, 70 days; and (B) with respect to each Calculation Period beginning after September 26, 2020, 50 days; or 
 (g) there shall be pending any litigation, investigation or proceeding, which the Seller is required to disclose pursuant to
 Section 7.1(i) hereof, which in the reasonable opinion of the Required Purchaser Agents is likely to materially adversely affect the financial position or results of operations of the Seller or Schein or materially impair
the ability of the Seller or Schein to perform its respective obligations under the Transaction Documents; or (h) there shall have
occurred any event or change in the financial condition or operations of the Seller, the Servicer, the Performance Guarantor or Schein which could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on (i) the ability of the Seller, the
Servicer, the Performance Guarantor or Schein to perform its obligations under any Transaction Document, (ii) the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (iii) the Agent s security interest in the Receivables
generally or in any significant portion of such Receivables or the proceeds thereof, or (iv) the collectibility of the Receivables generally or of any material portion of such Receivables; or 
 (i) an Event of Bankruptcy shall occur with respect to the Seller, the Servicer, any Originator, the Performance Guarantor or any of
Schein s material subsidiaries thereof; or (j) the Aggregate Invested Amount shall exceed the Maximum Purchase Limit and the Seller
shall have failed to pay to each Purchaser Agent for the benefit of the related Purchasers within three (3) days an amount to be applied to reduce the Aggregate Invested Amount (ratably, according to each Purchaser s aggregate Invested
Amount), such that after giving effect to such payment the Aggregate Invested Amount is less than or equal to the Maximum Purchase Limit; or 
 38 

(k) the Aggregate Investment amount exceeds the then applicable Maximum Purchase Limit or
the Net Pool Balance shall at any time be less than an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Aggregate Invested Amount plus (ii) the Required Reserve; or 
 (l) Schein resigns as Servicer; or 
 (m) Schein shall default or fail in the performance or observance of any of the covenants set forth in Section 8.1 of the Credit
Agreement as in effect on September 22, 2014 (without giving effect to any amendment, waiver, termination, supplement or other modification thereof unless consented to by the Agent); or 
 (n) a final court decision for 25,000 or more shall be rendered against the Seller; or; 
 (o) the Performance Guarantor shall default or fail in the performance of any covenant or agreement set forth in the Performance Undertaking;
or (p) the Termination Date or any Termination Event under and as defined in the Receivables Sale Agreement shall
occur under the Receivables Sale Agreement or Schein shall for any reason cease to transfer, or cease to have the legal capacity to transfer, or otherwise be incapable of transferring Receivables to Seller under the Receivables Sale Agreement; or
 (q) this Agreement shall terminate in whole or in part (except in accordance with its terms), or shall cease to be effective or to be the
legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of Seller, or any Seller Party shall directly or indirectly contest in any manner such effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability; or 
 (r) the Performance Undertaking shall cease to be effective or to be the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of Performance
Guarantor, or Performance Guarantor shall directly or indirectly contest in any manner such effectiveness, validity, binding nature or enforceability of its obligations thereunder; or 
 (s) the Internal Revenue Service shall file notice of a lien pursuant to Section 6323 of the Internal Revenue Code with regard to any of
the Purchased Assets or any assets of the Seller, Performance Guarantor or any Originator and such lien shall not have been released within seven (7) days, or the PBGC shall, or shall indicate its intention to, file notice of a lien pursuant to
Section 4068 of ERISA with regard to any of the Purchased Assets; or (t) An ERISA Event shall occur with respect to a Pension Plan
or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted in, or could be reasonably expected to have, a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, operations or properties of Schein and the ERISA Affiliates taken as a whole; or 
 (u) the Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties shall cease to have a valid, perfected, first priority security interest in the
Receivables, the Related Security, any Collection Account or any Lock-Box. 
 39 

Section 9.2 Remedies . Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of a
Termination Event, the Agent may, or upon the direction of the Required Purchaser Agents shall, take any of the following actions: (i) replace the Person then acting as Servicer, (ii) declare the Facility Termination Date for all Purchaser
Groups to have occurred, whereupon Reinvestments shall immediately terminate, all without demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Seller Party; provided that , upon the occurrence
of an Event of Bankruptcy with respect to any Seller Party, the Facility Termination Date for all Purchaser Groups shall automatically occur, without demand, protest or any notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Seller
Party, (iii) deliver the Collection Notices to the Collection Banks, (iv) exercise all rights and remedies of a secured party upon default under the UCC and other applicable laws, and (v) notify Obligors of the Agent s security
interest in the Receivables and other Purchased Assets. The aforementioned rights and remedies shall be without limitation, and shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies of the Agent, each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser otherwise
available under any other provision of this Agreement, by operation of law, at equity or otherwise, all of which are hereby expressly preserved, including, without limitation, all rights and remedies provided under the UCC, all of which rights shall
be cumulative. ARTICLE X. 
 INDEMNIFICATION 
 Section 10.1 Indemnities by the Seller Parties . Without limiting any other rights that the Agent, any Purchaser Agent, any
Purchaser or any Funding Source may have hereunder or under applicable law, (A) Seller hereby agrees to indemnify (and pay upon demand to) the Agent, each Purchaser Agent, each Purchaser, each Funding Source and each of the respective assigns,
officers, directors, members, partners, certificateholders, agents and employees of the foregoing (each, an Indemnified Party from and against any and all damages, losses, claims, taxes,
liabilities, reasonable and out-of-pocket costs and expenses and for all other amounts payable, including reasonable attorneys fees (which attorneys may be
employees of any Indemnified Party) and disbursements of one counsel to the affected Indemnified Parties taken as a whole (and solely in the case of any conflict of interest, one additional counsel to the affected Indemnified Parties, taken as a
whole) (all of the foregoing being collectively referred to as Indemnified Amounts awarded against or incurred by any of them arising out of or as a result of this Agreement or the acquisition,
either directly or indirectly, by any Indemnified Party of an interest in the Receivables, and (B) the Servicer hereby agrees to indemnify (and pay upon demand to) each Indemnified Party for Indemnified Amounts awarded against or incurred by
any of them arising out of the Servicer s activities as Servicer hereunder; excluding , however , in all of the foregoing instances under the preceding clauses (A) and (B) : 
 (a) Indemnified Amounts to the extent a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holds that such Indemnified Amounts
resulted from gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Indemnified Party seeking indemnification; (b)
Indemnified Amounts to the extent resulting from disputes solely between or among Indemnified Parties and their respective Affiliates; 
 40 

(c) Indemnified Amounts to the extent the same results from losses in
respect of Receivables that are uncollectible on account of the insolvency, bankruptcy or lack of creditworthiness of the related Obligor; or 
 (d) taxes imposed by the jurisdiction in which such Indemnified Party s principal executive office is located, on or
measured by the overall net income of such Indemnified Party to the extent that the computation of such taxes is consistent with the characterization for income tax purposes of the acquisition by any Purchaser of Receivables as a loan or loans by
any Purchaser to Seller secured by the Receivables, the Related Security, the Collection Accounts and the Collections, U.S. federal taxes attributable to such Indemnified Party s failure to comply with Section 1.7(b) 
or any U.S. federal withholding taxes imposed under FATCA (collectively, Excluded Taxes ); 
 provided that nothing contained in this sentence shall limit the liability of any Seller Party or limit the recourse of any Indemnified Party to
any Seller Party for amounts otherwise specifically provided to be paid by such Seller Party under the terms of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing indemnification, Seller shall indemnify the Indemnified Parties for
Indemnified Amounts (including, without limitation, losses in respect of uncollectible receivables, regardless of whether reimbursement therefor would constitute recourse to Seller) relating to or resulting from: 
 (i) any representation or warranty made by any Seller Party or any Originator (or any officers of any such Person) under or in
connection with this Agreement, any other Transaction Document or any other information or report delivered by any such Person pursuant hereto or thereto, which shall have been false or incorrect when made or deemed made; 
 (ii) the failure by Seller, the Servicer or any Originator to comply with any applicable law, rule or regulation with respect
to any Receivable or Contract related thereto, or the nonconformity of any Receivable or Contract included therein with any such applicable law, rule or regulation or any failure of Seller, the Servicer or any Originator to keep or perform any of
its obligations, express or implied, with respect to any Contract; (iii) any failure of Seller, the Servicer or any
Originator to perform its duties, covenants or other obligations in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document; 
 (iv) any products liability, personal injury or damage suit, or other similar claim arising out of or in connection with
merchandise, insurance or services that are the subject of any Contract or any Receivable; (v) any dispute, claim, offset
or defense (other than discharge in bankruptcy of the Obligor) of the Obligor to the payment of any Receivable (including, without limitation, a defense based on such Receivable or the related Contract not being a legal, valid and binding obligation
of such Obligor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms), or any other claim resulting from the sale of the merchandise or service related to such Receivable or the furnishing or failure to furnish such merchandise or services; 
 41 

(vi) the commingling of Collections of Receivables at any time with other
funds; (vii) any investigation, litigation or proceeding related to or arising from this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document, the transactions contemplated hereby, the use of the proceeds of any Purchase, the Purchased Assets or any other investigation, litigation or proceeding relating to Seller, the Servicer or any Originator in which any
Indemnified Party becomes involved as a result of any of the transactions contemplated hereby; (viii) any inability to
litigate any claim against any Obligor in respect of any Receivable as a result of such Obligor being immune from civil and commercial law and suit on the grounds of sovereignty or otherwise from any legal action, suit or proceeding; 
 (ix) any Termination Event of the type described in Section 9.1(k) ; 
 (x) any failure of Seller to acquire and maintain legal and equitable title to and ownership of any of the Purchased Assets
from the applicable Originator free and clear of any Lien (other than as created under the Transaction Documents); or any failure of Seller to give reasonably equivalent value to any Originator under the Receivables Sale Agreement in consideration
of the transfer by such Originator of any Receivable, or any attempt by any Person to void such transfer under statutory provisions or common law or equitable action; 
 (xi) (A) any failure to vest and maintain vested in the Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, or to transfer to the
Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a valid first priority perfected security interests in the Purchased Assets, free and clear of any Lien (except as created by the Transaction Documents) and (B) (I) any failure to vest and maintain
vested in the Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties a valid first priority perfected security interests in each Lock-Box and Collection Account, free and clear of any Lien (except as created by the
Transaction Documents) and (ii) any failure of a Collection Bank in the performance or observance of any agreement or duty applicable to it in respect of any Collection Account; 
 (xii) any action or omission by any Seller Party which reduces or impairs the rights of any Indemnified Party with respect to
any Purchased Assets or the value of any Purchased Assets; (xiii) any attempt by any Person to void any Purchase or the
Agent s security interest in the Purchased Assets under statutory provisions or common law or equitable action; (xiv)
the failure of any Receivable included in the calculation of the Net Pool Balance as an Eligible Receivable to be an Eligible Receivable at the time so included; and 
 (xv) (A) any failure of the Seller or any Originator to pay any taxes when due and (B) any taxes related to the Purchase
of Receivables by any Purchaser, except for taxes on the income of such Purchaser. 
 42 

Section 10.2 Increased Cost and Reduced Return . If, after the date hereof, any
Regulatory Change shall occur: (i) that subjects any Funding Source to any charge or withholding on or with respect to any Funding Agreement or a Funding Source s obligations under a Funding Agreement, or on or with respect to the
Receivables, or changes the basis of taxation of payments to any Funding Source of any amounts payable under any Funding Agreement (except for changes in the rate of tax on the overall net income of a Funding Source or taxes excluded by
 Section 10.1 or (ii) that imposes, modifies or deems applicable any reserve, assessment, insurance charge, special deposit or similar requirement
 (including any emergency, special, supplemental or other marginal reserve requirement) with respect to eurocurrency
funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency liabilities in Regulation D)) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of a Funding Source, or credit extended by a Funding
Source pursuant to a Funding Agreement or (iii) that imposes any other condition the result of which is to increase the cost to a Funding Source of performing its obligations under a Funding Agreement, or to reduce the rate of return on a
Funding Source s capital as a consequence of its obligations under a Funding Agreement, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by a Funding Source under a Funding Agreement or to require any payment calculated by reference to
the amount of interests or loans held or interest received by it, then, upon demand by the applicable Purchaser Agent, Seller shall pay to such Purchaser Agent, for the benefit of the relevant Funding Source, such amounts charged to such Funding
Source or such amounts to otherwise compensate such Funding Source for such increased cost or such reduction. For the avoidance of doubt, if the issuance of Financial Accounting Standards Board s Interpretation No. 46, Statements of
Financial Accounting Standards Nos. 166 and 167, any future statements or interpretations issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or any successor thereto or any other change in accounting standards or the issuance of any other
pronouncement, release or interpretation, causes or requires the consolidation of all or a portion of the assets and liabilities of the Seller or any Conduit Purchaser with the assets and liabilities of the Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any other
Funding Source, such event shall constitute a circumstance on which such Funding Source may base a claim for reimbursement under this Section 10.2 . 
 Section 10.3 Other Costs and Expenses . Seller shall pay to the Agent, each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser on demand all
reasonable costs and out-of-pocket expenses in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement, the transactions contemplated
hereby and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including without limitation, the cost of its auditors auditing the books, records and procedures of Seller or Servicer, rating agency fees, reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket expenses of a single independent legal counsel with respect thereto and with respect to providing advice as to their respective rights and remedies under this
Agreement. Seller shall pay to the Agent, each Purchaser Agent and each Purchaser on demand any and all reasonable and documented costs and out-of-pocket expenses
thereof, if any, including reasonable counsel fees and expenses, in connection with the enforcement of this Agreement and the other documents delivered hereunder and in connection with any restructuring or workout of this Agreement or such
documents, or the administration of this Agreement following a Termination Event. 
 43 

ARTICLE XI. 
 THE AGENTS 
 Section 11.1 Appointment and Authorization . 
 (a) Each Purchaser and Purchaser Agent hereby irrevocably designates and appoints MUFG as the Agent hereunder and authorizes the
Agent to take such actions and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Agent hereby and to exercise such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Agent shall hold, in its name, for the benefit of each Purchaser, ratably, the
Receivable Interests. The Agent shall not have any duties other than those expressly set forth herein or any fiduciary relationship with any Purchaser or Purchaser Agent, and no implied obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement,
or otherwise exist, against the Agent. The Agent does not assume, nor shall it be deemed to have assumed or relationship of trust or agency with the Seller or Servicer. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction
Document to the contrary, in no event shall the Agent ever be required to take any action which exposes the Agent to personal liability or which is contrary to the provisions of any Transaction Document or applicable law. 
 (b) Each Purchaser hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the respective institution identified as the Purchaser Agent for such
Purchaser s Purchaser Group on the signature pages hereto or in the Assumption Agreement or Transfer Supplement pursuant to which such Purchaser becomes a party hereto, and each authorizes such Purchaser Agent to take such action on its behalf
under the provisions of this Agreement and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to such Purchaser Agent by the terms of this Agreement, if any, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental
thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, no Purchaser Agent shall have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any Purchaser or other
Purchaser Agent or the Agent, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities on the part of such Purchaser Agent shall be read into this Agreement or otherwise exist against such Purchaser Agent. 
 (c) Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, the provisions of this Article XI are solely for the benefit of the
Purchaser Agents, the Agent and the Purchasers, and none of the Seller or Servicer shall have any rights as a third-party beneficiary or otherwise under any of the provisions of this Article XI , except
that this Article XI shall not affect any obligations which any Purchaser Agent, the Agent or any Purchaser may have to the Seller or the Servicer under the other provisions of this Agreement. Furthermore, no Purchaser shall have any rights
as a third-party beneficiary or otherwise under any of the provisions hereof in respect of a Purchaser Agent which is not the Purchaser Agent for such Purchaser. 
 (d) In performing its functions and duties hereunder, the Agent shall act solely as the agent of the Purchasers and the Purchaser Agents and
does not assume nor shall be deemed to have assumed any obligation or relationship of trust or agency with or for the Seller or Servicer or any of their successors and assigns. In performing its functions and duties hereunder, each Purchaser Agent
shall act solely as the agent of its respective Purchaser and does not assume nor shall be deemed to have assumed any obligation or relationship of trust or agency with or for the Seller, the Servicer, any other Purchaser, any other Purchaser Agent
or the Agent, or any of their respective successors and assigns. 
 44 

Section 11.2 Delegation of Duties . The Agent may execute any of its duties
through agents or attorneys-in-fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. The Agent shall not be responsible for
the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care. 
 Section 11.3 Exculpatory Provisions . None of the Purchaser Agents, the Agent or any of their directors, officers, members,
partners, certificateholders, agents or employees shall be liable for any action taken or omitted (i) with the consent or at the direction of the Required Purchaser Agents (or in the case of any Purchaser Agent, the Purchasers within its
Purchaser Group that have a majority of the aggregate Commitment of such Purchaser Group) or (ii) in the absence of such Person s gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Agent shall not be responsible to any Purchaser, Purchaser Agent
or other Person for (i) any recitals, representations, warranties or other statements made by the Seller, Servicer, or any of their Affiliates, (ii) the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of any
Transaction Document, (iii) any failure of the Seller, the Servicer, any Originator or any of their Affiliates to perform any obligation hereunder or under the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party (or under any Contract), or
(iv) the satisfaction of any condition specified in any Transaction Document. The Agent shall not have any obligation to any Purchaser or Purchaser Agent to ascertain or inquire about the observance or performance of any agreement contained in
any Transaction Document or to inspect the properties, books or records of the Seller, Servicer, Originator or any of their Affiliates. 
 Section 11.4 Reliance by Agents . 
 (a) Each Purchaser Agent and the Agent shall in all cases be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any document or
other writing or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to the Seller or Servicer), independent accountants
and other experts selected by the Agent. Each Purchaser Agent and the Agent shall in all cases be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under any Transaction Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence of
the Required Purchaser Agents (or, in the case of any Purchaser Agent, the Purchasers within its Purchaser Group that have a majority of the aggregate Commitment of such Purchaser Group), and assurance of its indemnification, as it deems
appropriate. (b) The Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement in
accordance with a request of the Required Purchaser Agents or all Purchaser Agents, and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all Purchasers and Purchaser Agents. 
 (c) The Purchasers within each Purchaser Group with a majority of the Commitment of such Purchaser Group shall be entitled to request or
direct the related Purchaser Agent to take action, or refrain from taking action, under this Agreement on behalf of such Purchasers. Such Purchaser Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this
Agreement in accordance with a request of such majority Purchasers, and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all of such Purchaser Agent s Purchasers. 
 45 

(d) Unless otherwise advised in writing by a Purchaser Agent or by any Purchaser on whose
behalf such Purchaser Agent is purportedly acting, each party to this Agreement may assume that (i) such Purchaser Agent is acting for the benefit of each of the Purchasers in respect of which such Purchaser Agent is identified as being the
 Purchaser Agent in the definition of Purchaser Agent hereto, as well as for the benefit of each assignee or other transferee from any such Person, and (ii) each action taken by such Purchaser Agent has been duly
authorized and approved by all necessary action on the part of the Purchasers on whose behalf it is purportedly acting. Each Purchaser Agent and its related Purchasers shall agree amongst themselves as to the circumstances and procedures for
removal, resignation and replacement of such Purchaser Agent. Section 11.5 Notice of Termination Events . Neither any
Purchaser Agent nor the Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event unless such Purchaser Agent or Agent has received notice from any Purchaser, Purchaser Agent, the
Servicer or the Seller stating that a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event has occurred hereunder and describing such Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event. In the event that the Agent receives such a notice, it shall promptly
give notice thereof to each Purchaser Agent whereupon each such Purchaser Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to its Purchasers. In the event that a Purchaser Agent receives such a notice (other than from the Agent), it shall promptly give
notice thereof to the Agent. The Agent shall take such action concerning a Termination Event or Unmatured Termination Event as may be directed by the Required Purchaser Agents (unless such action otherwise requires the consent of all Purchaser
Agents), but until the Agent receives such directions, the Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, as the Agent deems advisable and in the best interests of the Purchasers and Purchaser Agents.
 Section 11.6 Non-Reliance on Agent, Purchaser Agents and Other Purchasers . Each
Purchaser expressly acknowledges that none of the Agent, the Purchaser Agents nor any of their respective officers, directors, members, partners, certificateholders, employees, agents,
 attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by the Agent or any Purchaser Agent hereafter taken, including any
review of the affairs of the Seller, Servicer or any Originator, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Agent or such Purchaser Agent, as applicable. Each Purchaser represents and warrants to the Agent and the Purchaser
Agents that, independently and without reliance upon the Agent, the Purchaser Agents or any other Purchaser and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, it has made and will continue to make its own appraisal of and
investigation into the business, operations, property, prospects, financial and other conditions and creditworthiness of the Seller, the Servicer or the Originators, and the Receivables and its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to take,
or omit, action under any Transaction Document. Except for items specifically required to be delivered hereunder, the Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Purchaser Agent with any information concerning the Seller, Servicer
or the Originators or any of their Affiliates that comes into the possession of the Agent or any of its officers, directors, members, partners, certificateholders, employees, agents,
 attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates. 
 46 

Section 11.7 Agents and Affiliates . Each of the Purchasers and the Agent and
their Affiliates may extend credit to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, debt, entity or other business with the Seller, the Servicer or any Originator or any of their Affiliates. With respect to the
acquisition of the Eligible Receivables pursuant to this Agreement, each of the Purchaser Agents and the Agent shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any Purchaser and may exercise the same as though it were not such an agent,
and the terms Purchaser and Purchasers shall include, to the extent applicable, each of the Purchaser Agents and the Agent in their individual capacities. 
 Section 11.8 Indemnification . Each Related Committed Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless the Agent (but solely in its
capacity as Agent) and its officers, directors, members, partners, certificateholders, employees, representatives and agents (to the extent not reimbursed by the Seller, the Servicer or any Originator and without limiting the obligation of the
Seller, the Servicer, or any Originator to do so), ratably (based on its Commitment) from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, judgments, settlements, costs, expenses and disbursements of any kind whatsoever
(including in connection with any investigative or threatened proceeding, whether or not the Agent or such Person shall be designated a party thereto) that may at any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Agent or such Person as a
result of, or related to, any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents or the execution, delivery or performance of the Transaction Documents or any other document furnished in connection therewith (but excluding any such
liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, judgments, settlements, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting solely from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Agent or such Person as finally determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction). Section 11.9 Successor Agent . The Agent may, upon at least five (5) days notice to the Seller and each
Purchaser and Purchaser Agent, resign as Agent. Such resignation shall not become effective until a successor agent is appointed by the Required Purchasers and has accepted such appointment. Upon such acceptance of its appointment as Agent hereunder
by a successor Agent, such successor Agent shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights and duties of the retiring Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations under the Transaction Documents. After any
retiring Agent s resignation hereunder, the provisions of Article X and this Article XI shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was the Agent. 
 Section 11.10 Erroneous Payments . 
 (a) Each Purchaser and Purchaser Agent hereby agrees that (x) if the Agent notifies such Purchaser or Purchaser Agent that the Agent has
determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Purchaser or Purchaser Agent from the Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and
collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Purchaser or Purchaser Agent (whether or not known to such Purchaser or Purchaser Agent), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion thereof), such
Purchaser or Purchaser Agent shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest
thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion 
 47 

thereof) was received by such Purchaser or Purchaser Agent to the date such amount is repaid to the Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Agent in
accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and (y) to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Purchaser or Purchaser Agent shall not assert, and hereby waives, as to the Agent, any claim,
counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without limitation any defense based on
 discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Agent to any Purchaser or Purchaser Agent under this Section 11.10(a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (b) Each Purchaser and Purchaser Agent hereby further agrees that if it receives a Payment from the Agent or any of its Affiliates
(x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or (y) that
was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error has been made with respect to such Payment. Each Purchaser and Purchaser Agent agrees that, in each such case, or if it otherwise becomes
aware a Payment (or portion thereof) may have been sent in error, such Purchaser or Purchaser Agent shall promptly notify the Agent of such occurrence and, upon demand from the Agent, it shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day
thereafter, return to the Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion
thereof) was received by such Purchaser or Purchaser Agent to the date such amount is repaid to the Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Agent in accordance with banking industry rules
on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. (c) The Seller Parties hereby agrees that (x) in the event an erroneous
Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Purchaser or Purchaser Agent that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Purchaser or Purchaser Agent with
respect to such amount and (y) an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Recourse Obligation owed by the Seller Parties; provided that this Section 11.10(c) shall not
be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Recourse Obligations of the Seller Parties relative to the amount (and/or timing for payment) of the Recourse
Obligations that would have been payable had such erroneous Payment not been made by the Agent; provided , further that for the avoidance of doubt, immediately preceding clauses (x) and (y) shall not apply to the
extent any such erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Agent from the Seller for the purpose of making such erroneous Payment. 
 (d) Each party s obligations under this Section 11.10 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Agent
or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Purchaser or Purchaser Agent, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Recourse Obligations under any Transaction Document. Each
Uncommitted Purchaser s obligations under this Section 11.10 shall be subject to Sections 13.5 and 13.6 and each Related Committed Purchaser shall be liable, on a joint and several basis, for all
obligations of its related Uncommitted Purchaser under this Section 11.10 . 
 48 

ARTICLE XII. 
 ASSIGNMENTS AND PARTICIPATIONS 
 Section 12.1 Successors and Assigns; Participations; Assignments . 
 (a) Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and assigns. Except as otherwise provided herein, no Seller Party may assign or transfer any of its rights or delegate any of its duties hereunder or under any Transaction Document without the prior consent of the Agent and the Purchaser
Agents. (b) Participations . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, any Purchaser may sell to one or more Persons (each,
a Participant participating interests in the interests of such Purchaser hereunder; provided that , no Purchaser shall grant any participation under which the
Participant shall have rights to approve any amendment to or waiver of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. Such Purchaser shall remain solely responsible for performing its obligations hereunder, and the Seller, each Purchaser Agent
and the Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Purchaser in connection with such Purchaser s rights and obligations hereunder. A Purchaser shall not agree with a Participant to restrict such Purchaser s right to agree
to any amendment hereto, except amendments that require the consent of all Purchasers. (c) Assignments by Certain Related Committed
Purchasers . Any Related Committed Purchaser may assign to one or more Persons (each, a Purchasing Related Committed Purchaser ), reasonably acceptable to the related Purchaser Agent, any
portion of its Commitment pursuant to a supplement hereto, substantially in the form of Exhibit VIII with any changes as have been approved by the parties thereto (each, a Transfer
Supplement ), executed by each such Purchasing Related Committed Purchaser, such selling Related Committed Purchaser, such related Purchaser Agent and the Agent and, so long as no Termination Event has occurred and is
continuing, with the consent of Seller (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). Any such assignment by Related Committed Purchaser cannot be for an amount less than 10,000,000. Upon (i) the execution of the Transfer Supplement,
(ii) delivery of an executed copy thereof to the Seller, such related Purchaser Agent and the Agent and (iii) payment by the Purchasing Related Committed Purchaser to the selling Related Committed Purchaser of the agreed purchase price, if
any, such selling Related Committed Purchaser shall be released from its obligations hereunder to the extent of such assignment and such Purchasing Related Committed Purchaser shall for all purposes be a Related Committed Purchaser party hereto and
shall have all the rights and obligations of a Related Committed Purchaser hereunder to the same extent as if it were an original party hereto. The amount of the Commitment of the selling Related Committed Purchaser allocable to such Purchasing
Related Committed Purchaser shall be equal to the amount of the Commitment of the selling Related Committed Purchaser transferred regardless of the purchase price, if any, paid therefor. The Transfer Supplement shall be an amendment hereof only to
the extent necessary to reflect the addition of such Purchasing Related Committed Purchaser as a Related Committed Purchaser and any resulting adjustment of the selling Related Committed Purchaser s Commitment. 
 49 

(d) Assignments to Liquidity Providers and other Funding Source Providers . Any
Conduit Purchaser may at any time transfer or grant to one or more of its Liquidity Providers or other Funding Source participating interests (or voting rights or a security interest and right of foreclosure thereon) in its portion of the Receivable
Interests. In the event of any such transfer or grant by such Conduit Purchaser of a participating interest to a Liquidity Provider or other Funding Source, such Conduit Purchaser shall remain responsible for the performance of its obligations
hereunder. The Seller agrees that each Liquidity Provider and Funding Source of any Conduit Purchaser hereunder shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 1.6 . 
 (e) Other Assignment by Uncommitted Purchasers . Each party hereto agrees and consents (i) to any Uncommitted Purchaser s
assignment, participation, grant of security interests in or other transfers of any portion of, or any of its beneficial interest in, the Receivable Interests (or portion thereof), including without limitation to any collateral agent in connection
with its commercial paper program, if any, and (ii) to the complete assignment by any Uncommitted Purchaser of all of its rights and obligations hereunder to any other Person with prior notice to the other parties hereto, and upon such
assignment such Uncommitted Purchaser shall be released from all obligations and duties, if any, hereunder; provided that , such Uncommitted Purchaser may not, without the prior consent of its Related
Committed Purchasers (and, in the case of any assignment by an Uncommitted Purchaser that is not a Conduit Purchaser, unless a Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, the Seller), make any such transfer of its rights hereunder unless the
assignee (i) if it is a Conduit Purchaser, is principally engaged in the purchase of assets similar to the assets being purchased hereunder, (ii) has as its Purchaser Agent the Purchaser Agent of the assigning Uncommitted Purchaser and
(iii) if it is a Conduit Purchaser, issues commercial paper with credit ratings substantially comparable to the ratings of the assigning Conduit Purchaser and, provided , further , that no such consent of the Seller
shall be required if the assignee is a Purchaser, an Affiliate of a Purchaser or an Approved Fund. Any assigning Uncommitted Purchaser shall deliver to any assignee a Transfer Supplement with any changes as have been approved by the parties thereto,
duly executed by such Uncommitted Purchaser, assigning any portion of its interest in the Receivable Interests to its assignee. Such Uncommitted Purchaser shall promptly (i) notify each of the other parties hereto of such assignment and
(ii) take all further action that the assignee reasonably requests in order to evidence the assignee s right, title and interest in such interest in the Receivable Interests and to enable the assignee to exercise or enforce any rights of
such Uncommitted Purchaser hereunder. Upon the assignment of any portion of its interest in the Receivable Interests, the assignee shall have all of the rights hereunder with respect to such interest. 
 (f) Opinions of Counsel . If required by the Agent or the applicable Purchaser Agent or to maintain the ratings of any Conduit
Purchaser, each Transfer Supplement must be accompanied by an opinion of counsel of the assignee as to such matters as the Agent or such Purchaser Agent may reasonably request. 
 50 

ARTICLE XIII. 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 13.1 Waivers and Amendments . 
 (a) No failure or delay on the part of the Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser in exercising any power, right or remedy under this
Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or remedy preclude any other further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other power, right or remedy. The rights and remedies herein
provided shall be cumulative and nonexclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law. Any waiver of this Agreement shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. 
 (b) No provision of any Transaction Document may be amended, supplemented, modified or waived except in writing in accordance with the
provisions of this Section 13.1(b) . Seller and the Agent, with the consent of the Required Purchaser Agents, may enter into written modifications or waivers of any provisions of any Transaction Document; provided
that , no such modification or waiver shall: (i) without the consent of each Purchaser adversely affected thereby,
(A) extend the Facility Termination Date for the related Purchaser Group or the date of any payment or deposit of Collections by Seller or the Servicer, (B) reduce the rate or extend the time of payment of Yield or any CP Costs (or any
component of Yield or CP Costs), (C) change any fee payable to such Purchaser, (D) change the Invested Amount of any Receivable Interest, (E) amend, modify or waive any provision of the definition of Required Purchaser Agents,
 Section 9.1 , Section 12.1(d) , Section 12.1(e) , this Section 13.1(b) , Section 13.5 ,
 Section 13.6(b) or Section 13.12 , (F) consent to or permit the assignment or transfer by Seller of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, (G) change the definition of
 Available Commitment , Commitment , Eligible Receivable , Liquidity Agreement , 
 Concentration Percentage , Excess Concentration . Maximum Purchase Limit , Purchase Price or
 Required Reserve , or (H) amend or modify any defined term (or any defined term used directly or indirectly in such defined term) used in clauses (A) through (G) above in a manner
that would circumvent the intention of the restrictions set forth in such clauses; or (ii) without the written consent of
the Agent and each Purchaser Agent, amend, modify or waive any provision of any Transaction Document if the effect thereof is to affect the rights (including, without limitation, fees and indemnities) or duties of such Agent or Purchaser Agent. 
 Notwithstanding any of the foregoing to the contrary, the Seller and the Agent, without the consent of any Purchaser or Purchaser Agent, may enter into any
amendment, modification or wavier of any Transaction Document, or enter into any new agreement or instrument, to (i) effect the granting, perfection, protection, expansion or enhancement of any security interest in any Purchased Assets for the
benefit of the Secured Parties, or as required by local law to give effect to, or protect any security interest for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in any property or so that the security interests therein comply with applicable law or
(ii) correct any obvious error or omission of a technical nature, in each case that is immaterial (as reasonably determined by the Agent and the Seller), in any provision of any Transaction Document, if the same is not objected to in writing by
the Required Purchaser Agents within five (5) Business Days following receipt of notice thereof. 
 51 

Section 13.2 Notices . Except as provided in this
 Section 13.2 , all communications and notices provided for hereunder shall be in writing (including bank wire, telecopy or electronic facsimile transmission or similar writing) and shall be given to the other parties hereto
at their respective addresses or telecopy numbers set forth on the signature pages hereof or at such other address or telecopy number as such Person may hereafter specify for the purpose of notice to each of the other parties hereto. For the
avoidance of doubt, each Purchaser Group s notice information is included in Exhibit XV . Each such notice or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by telecopy, upon the receipt thereof, (ii) if sent via U.S.
certified or registered mail, three (3) Business Days after the time such communication is deposited in the mail with first class postage prepaid or (iii) if given by any other means, when received at the address specified in this
 Section 13.2 . If the written confirmation differs from the action taken by the Agent or any Purchaser Agent, the records of such Agent or Purchaser Agent shall govern absent manifest error. 
 Section 13.3 Protection of Agent s Security Interest . 
 (a) Seller agrees that from time to time, at its expense, it will promptly execute and deliver all instruments and documents, and take all
actions, that may be necessary, or that the Agent or any Purchaser Agent may reasonably request, to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the Agent s security interest in the Purchased Assets, or to enable the Agent, any Purchaser Agent or
any Purchaser to exercise and enforce their rights and remedies hereunder. At any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Termination Event, the Agent may, or the Agent may direct Seller or the Servicer to, notify the Obligors of
Receivables, at Seller s expense, of the ownership or security interests of the Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) under this Agreement and may also direct that payments of all amounts due or that become due under any or all
Receivables be made directly to the Agent or its designee. (b) If any Seller Party fails to perform any of its obligations under
 Section 13.3(a) , the Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser may (but shall not be required to) perform, or cause performance of, such obligations, and the costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith shall be
payable by Seller as provided in Section 10.3 . Each Seller Party irrevocably authorizes the Agent at any time and from time to time in the sole discretion of the Agent, and appoints the Agent as its attorney-in-fact, to act on behalf of such Seller Party, in any case only after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Termination Event, (i) to execute on behalf
of Seller as debtor and to file financing statements necessary or desirable in the Agent s sole discretion to perfect and to maintain the perfection and priority of the interest of the Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties in the
Receivables and the other Purchased Assets and (ii) to file a carbon, photographic or other reproduction of this Agreement or any financing statement with respect to the Receivables and the other Purchased Assets as a financing statement in
such offices as the Agent in its sole discretion deems necessary or desirable to perfect and to maintain the perfection and priority of the Agent s security interest in the Purchased Assets, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. The Agent
shall provide the Seller with copies of any such filings. This appointment is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable. 
 52 

Each of the Seller Parties (A) hereby authorizes the Agent to file financing statements and other filing or recording documents with respect to the Receivables and the other Purchased Assets
(including any amendments thereto, or continuation or termination statements thereof), without the signature or other authorization of such Seller Party, in such form and in such offices as the Agent reasonably determines appropriate to perfect or
maintain the perfection of the security interest of the Agent hereunder, (B) acknowledges and agrees that it is not authorized to, and will not, file financing statements or other filing or recording documents with respect to the Receivables
and the other Purchased Assets (including any amendments thereto, or continuation or termination statements thereof), without the express prior written approval by the Agent, consenting to the form and substance of such filing or recording document,
and (C) approves, authorizes and ratifies any filings or recordings made by or on behalf of the Agent in connection with the perfection of the security interests in favor of Seller or the Agent. 
 Section 13.4 Confidentiality . 
 (a) Each of the parties hereto shall maintain and shall cause each of its employees, members, partners, certificateholders and officers to
maintain the confidentiality of the Agreement and all information with respect to the other parties, including all information regarding their respective businesses obtained by it or them in connection with the structuring, negotiating and execution
of the transactions contemplated herein, except that each such party and its directors, officers, members, partners, certificateholders and employees may (i) disclose such information to its accountants, attorneys, investors, potential
investors, credit enhancers to the Purchasers and the agents or advisors of such Persons Excepted Persons ); provided that each Excepted Person shall, as a condition
to any such disclosure, agree for the benefit of the parties hereto that such information shall be used solely in connection with such Excepted Person s evaluation of, or relationship with, the Seller and its affiliates, (ii) disclose the
existence of the Agreement, but not the financial terms thereof, (iii) disclose such information as required pursuant to any law, rule, regulation, direction, request or order of any judicial, administrative or regulatory authority or
proceedings (whether or not having the force or effect of law), (iv) disclose such information to any rating agency rating the Commercial Paper and any other nationally recognized statistical rating organization as contemplated in Section 17g-5 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and (v) disclose the Agreement and such information in any suit, action, proceeding or investigation (whether in law or in equity or pursuant to
arbitration) involving any of the Transaction Documents for the purpose of defending itself, reducing its liability, or protecting or exercising any of its claims, rights, remedies, or interests under or in connection with any of the Transaction
Documents; provided further that the Persons permitted to make such disclosures under clauses (iii) and (v) shall also include credit enhancers to the Purchasers. It is understood that the financial
terms that may not be disclosed except in compliance with this Section 13.4(a) include, without limitation, all fees and other pricing terms, and all Termination Events and priority of payment provisions. 
 (b) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, each Seller Party hereby consents to the disclosure of any nonpublic information with
respect to it obtained in connection with the transactions contemplated herein (i) to the Agent, any Liquidity Agent, any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent or any Funding Source by each other, (ii) by the Agent, any Liquidity Agent, any
Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent or any Funding Source to any prospective or actual assignee 
 53 

or participant of any of them or (iii) by the Agent, any Liquidity Agent, any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent or any Funding Source to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider
of a surety, guaranty or credit or liquidity enhancement to a Purchaser and to any officers, directors, members, partners, certificateholders, employees, accountants, advisors, and attorneys of any of the foregoing, provided that each
such Person is informed of the confidential nature of such information and agrees for the benefit of the parties hereto that such information shall be used solely in connection with such Person s evaluation. In addition, the Agent, any
Liquidity Agent, any Purchaser, any Purchaser Agent, any Funding Source or provider of a surety, guaranty or credit or liquidity enhancement to a Purchaser may disclose any such nonpublic information as required pursuant to any law, rule,
regulation, direction, request or order of any judicial, administrative or regulatory authority or proceedings (whether or not having the force or effect of law). 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the foregoing shall not be construed to prohibit (i) disclosure of any and all
information that is or becomes publicly known, (ii) disclosure of any and all information if required to do so by any applicable statute, law, rule or regulation, or (iii) any other disclosure authorized by the Seller or Servicer. 
 Section 13.5 Bankruptcy Petition . Each party hereto hereby covenants and agrees that prior to the date which is one year and one
day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper notes or other indebtedness of each Conduit Purchaser, it will not institute against or join any other Person in instituting against such Conduit Purchaser any bankruptcy,
reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other similar proceeding under the laws of the United States or any state of the United States. 
 Section 13.6 Limitation of Liability . (a) No claim may be made by any party hereto against any other party hereto or any
Funding Source or their respective Affiliates, directors, officers, members, partners, certificateholders, employees, attorneys or agents for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages in respect of any claim for breach of contract or
any other theory of liability arising out of or related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection therewith; and each party hereto hereby waives, releases, and agrees not to sue upon
any claim for any such damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor, and (b) no Conduit Purchaser shall have any obligation to pay any amounts owing hereunder unless and until such Purchaser has
received such amounts pursuant to its portion of the Receivable Interests and such amounts are not necessary to pay outstanding commercial paper notes or other outstanding indebtedness of such Purchaser. Each party hereto hereby agrees that no
liability or obligation of any Conduit Purchaser hereunder for fees, expenses or indemnities shall constitute a claim (as defined in Section 101 of Title 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code) against such Purchaser unless such Purchaser has
received cash from its portion of the Receivable Interests sufficient to pay such amounts, and such amounts are not necessary to pay outstanding commercial paper notes or other indebtedness of such Purchaser. 
 Section 13.7 CHOICE OF LAW . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK,
WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS THEREOF OTHER THAN SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE
PERFECTION OF THE OWNERSHIP INTEREST OF SELLER OR THE OWNERSHIP OR SECURITY INTEREST OF THE AGENT (FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE SECURED PARTIES) IN ANY OF THE COLLATERAL IS GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 54 

Section 13.8 CONSENT TO JURISDICTION . EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY
IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURT SITTING IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK OR ANY NEW YORK STATE COURT SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY IN ANY ACTION OR
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT EXECUTED BY SUCH PERSON PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT, AND EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND
DETERMINED IN ANY SUCH COURT AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE AS TO THE VENUE OF ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN SUCH A COURT OR THAT SUCH COURT IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. NOTHING HEREIN SHALL LIMIT THE
RIGHT OF THE AGENT, ANY PURCHASER AGENT OR ANY PURCHASER TO BRING PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY SELLER PARTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING BY ANY SELLER PARTY AGAINST THE AGENT, ANY PURCHASER AGENT OR ANY PURCHASER OR
ANY AFFILIATE OF THE AGENT, ANY PURCHASER AGENT OR ANY PURCHASER INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT EXECUTED BY SUCH SELLER PARTY PURSUANT TO THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL BE BROUGHT ONLY IN A COURT IN NEW YORK, NEW YORK. Section 13.9 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY
WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT, ANY DOCUMENT EXECUTED BY ANY
SELLER PARTY PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER. Section 13.10 Integration;
Binding Effect; Survival of Terms . (a) This Agreement and each other Transaction Document contain the final and complete integration
of all prior expressions by the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof superseding all prior oral or written
understandings. (b) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns (including any trustee in bankruptcy). This Agreement shall create and constitute the continuing obligations of the parties hereto in accordance with its terms and shall remain in full force and effect until terminated in
accordance with its terms; provided that the rights and remedies with respect to (i) any breach of any representation and warranty made by any Seller Party pursuant to Article V , (ii) the indemnification and payment
provisions of Article X , and Section 13.4 , Section 13.5 and Section 13.6 shall be continuing and shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 
 55 

(c) Each of the Seller Parties, the Agent, the Purchaser Agents and the Purchasers hereby
acknowledges and agrees that the Funding Sources are hereby made express third party beneficiaries of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents as in effect from time to time. 
 Section 13.11 Counterparts; Severability; Section References . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by
different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature
page to this Agreement by telecopier shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement. Any provisions of this Agreement which are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to
such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Unless otherwise expressly indicated, all references herein to Article , Section ,
 Schedule or Exhibit shall mean articles and sections of, and schedules and exhibits to, this Agreement. 
 Section 13.12 Characterization . 
 (a) It is the intention of the parties hereto that each Purchase hereunder shall constitute and be treated as an absolute and irrevocable
sale, which Purchase shall provide the Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) with the full benefits of ownership of the applicable Receivable Interest. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, each sale of a Receivable Interest
hereunder is made without recourse to Seller; provided that (i) Seller shall be liable to the Agent, the Purchaser Agents and the Purchasers for all representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities made by Seller pursuant to
the terms of this Agreement, and (ii) such sale does not constitute and is not intended to result in an assumption by the Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser or any assignee thereof of any obligation of Seller or any Originator or any
other person arising in connection with the Receivables, the Related Security, or the related Contracts, or any other obligations of Seller or any Originator. 
 (b) In addition to any ownership interest which the Agent or any Purchaser may from time to time acquire pursuant hereto, Seller hereby grants
to the Agent, for the benefit of Secured Parties, a valid and perfected security interest in all of Seller s right, title and interest in, to and under all Receivables now existing or hereafter arising, the Collections, each Lock-Box, each Collection Account, all Related Security, all other rights and payments relating to such Receivables, and all proceeds of any thereof prior to all other liens on and security interests therein to
secure the prompt and complete payment of the Aggregate Unpaids. The Agent, on behalf of Secured Parties, shall have, in addition to the rights and remedies that it may have under this Agreement, all other rights and remedies provided to a secured
creditor under the UCC and other applicable law, which rights and remedies shall be cumulative. 
 56 

(c) Notwithstanding Sections 13.12(a) and 13.12(b) , for U.S. federal income
tax purposes, the parties hereto shall treat and report the Seller s sales, and the Purchasers purchases, of Receivables under the Transaction Documents as one or more secured loans made by the Purchasers to the Seller. 
 Section 13.13 Federal Reserve . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any Purchaser Group may, at
any time, pledge or grant a security interest in all or any portion of its rights (including, without limitation, any rights to payment of capital and interest) under this Agreement and any other Transaction Document to secure obligations of such
Purchaser Group to a Federal Reserve Bank, without notice to or consent of the Seller or the Agent or any other party; provided that no such pledge or grant of a security interest shall release a Purchaser Group from any
of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or grantee for such Purchaser Group as a party hereto. Section 13.14
 Patriot Act . Agent, each Purchaser and each Purchaser Agent hereby notifies each Originator, the Seller and the Servicer that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, Title III of Pub. L.
 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001) (the PATRIOT Act ), Agent, each Purchaser and each Purchaser Agent may be required to obtain, verify and record information that
identifies each Originator, the Seller and the Servicer, which information includes the name, address, tax identification number and other information regarding each Originator, the Seller and the Servicer that will allow Agent, each Purchaser and
each Purchaser Agent to identify such Persons in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. This notice is given in accordance with the requirements of the PATRIOT Act. Each Originator, the Seller and the Servicer agrees to provide Agent, each Purchaser and
each Purchaser Agent, from time to time, with all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act. 
 signature pages follow > 
 57 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
executed and delivered by their duly authorized officers or attorneys-in-fact as of the date hereof. 

HSFR, INC., as Seller 

By: 

Name: 
 
 Michael Amodio 

Title: 
 
 Treasurer 

Address: 

HSFR, Inc. 

135 Duryea Road 

Melville, New York 11747 
 
 Attention: 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Facsimile: 

(631)
 843-5541 

With a copy to: 
 
 Proskauer Rose LLP 

Eleven Times Square 

New York, New York 10036 
 
 Attention: 
 
 Ron D. Franklin, Esq. 
 
 Facsimile: 
 
 (212) 969-2900 
 
 Receivables Purchase Agreement 
 S-1 

HENRY SCHEIN, INC., as Servicer 

By: 

Name: 
 
 Steven Paladino 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Address: 
 
 Henry Schein, Inc. 

135 Duryea Road 

Melville, New York 11747 
 
 Attention: 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Facsimile: 
 
 (631)
 843-5541 

With a copy to: 
 
 Proskauer Rose LLP 

Eleven Times Square 

New York, New York 10036 
 
 Attention: 
 
 Ron D. Franklin, Esq. 
 
 Facsimile: 
 
 (212) 969-2900 
 
 Receivables Purchase Agreement 
 S-2 

MUFG BANK, LTD. (F/K/A THE BANK OF 
 TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.), as Agent 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 
 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 

1251 Avenue of the Americas, 12 th Floor 

New York, New York 10020-1104 
 
 Attention: 
 
 Securitization Department 
 
 Telephone: 
 
 (212) 782-6957 
 
 Facsimile: 
 
 (212) 782-6448 
 
 Receivables Purchase Agreement 
 S-3 

VICTORY RECEIVABLES CORPORATION, as an Uncommitted Purchaser 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 
 
 Victory Receivables Corporation 

c/o Global Securitization Services, LLC 114
West 47th Street, Suite 2310 

New York, New York 10036 
 
 Attention: 
 
 Frank B. Bilotta 
 
 Telephone: 
 
 (212) 295-2777 
 
 Facsimile: 
 
 (212) 302-8767 

With a copy to: 
 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 

1251 Avenue of the Americas, 12 th Floor 

New York, New York 10020-1104 
 
 Attention: 
 
 Securitization Department 
 
 Telephone: 
 
 (212) 782-6957 
 
 Facsimile: 
 
 (212) 782-6448 

MUFG BANK, LTD. (F/K/A THE BANK OF 
 TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.), as Purchaser Agent for Victory Receivables Corporation 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 
 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 

1251 Avenue of the Americas, 12 th Floor 

New York, New York 10020-1104 
 
 Attention: 
 
 Securitization Department 
 
 Telephone: 
 
 (212) 782-6957 
 
 Facsimile: 
 
 (212) 782-6448 
 
 Receivables Purchase Agreement 
 S-4 

MUFG BANK, LTD. (F/K/A THE BANK OF 
 TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.), as Related Committed Purchaser for Victory Receivables Corporation 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 
 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 

1251 Avenue of the Americas, 12 th Floor 

New York, New York 10020-1104 
 
 Attention: 
 
 Securitization Department 
 
 Telephone: 
 
 (212) 782-6957 
 
 Facsimile: 
 
 (212) 782-6448 
 
 Receivables Purchase Agreement 
 S-5 

EXHIBIT I 
 DEFINITIONS As used
in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined): 
 Account Disclosure Letter means that certain letter from the Seller and the Servicer to
the Agent and each Purchaser Agent, setting forth each Lock-Box and Collection Account to which Collections are remitted. 
 Adjusted Dilution Ratio means, as of any day, the average of the Dilution Ratios for the
preceding twelve Calculation Periods. Affiliate shall mean, with respect to
a Person, any other Person which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, such Person. The term control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction
of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 
 Agent has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Aggregate Invested Amount means, on any date of determination, the aggregate Invested
Amount of all Receivable Interests of all Purchasers outstanding on such date. Aggregate
Reduction has the meaning specified in Section 1.3 . 
 Aggregate Unpaids means, at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the
Aggregate Invested Amount, plus (ii) all Recourse Obligations (whether due or accrued) at such time. 
 Agreement means this Agreement, as it may be amended, restated, supplemented or
otherwise modified and in effect from time to time. Alternate Base Rate means, for
any day for any Purchaser, the rate per annum equal to (i) 1.50 above the LIBO Rate Term SOFR or (ii) if the LIBO Rate Term
SOFR is not available in accordance with Section 4.3 , the greater of (x) the Prime Rate and (y) one-half of one percent
(0.50 above the Federal Funds Effective Rate. For purposes of determining the Alternate Base Rate for any day, changes in the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be effective on the date of each such change. 
 
 Alternate Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day has
 the meaning specified in the definition of Term
SOFR .
 Anti-Corruption Laws 
 means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Seller Parties or their respective Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977,
as amended, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and any applicable law or regulation implementing the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions. 
 I-1 

Anti-Terrorism Laws 
 means each of: (a) the Executive Order; (b) the PATRIOT Act; (c) the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, 18 U.S.C. Sect. 1956 and any successor statute thereto; (d) the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist
Financing Act (Canada); (e) the Bank Secrecy Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (f) any other applicable law of the United States, Canada or any member state of the European Union now or hereafter enacted to monitor,
deter or otherwise prevent: (i) terrorism or (ii) the funding or support of terrorism or (iii) money laundering 
 Applicable Spread has the meaning set forth in the Fee Letter. 
 Applicable Originator shall mean the Originator which generated a specific Receivable
(or Receivables). Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that
is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by a Purchaser, an Affiliate of a Purchaser or an entity or an Affiliate
of an entity that administers or manages a Purchaser. Assumption Agreement means an
agreement substantially in the form set forth in Exhibit VII to the Agreement. Available
Commitment means, with respect to each Related Committed Purchaser, the excess, if any, of such Related Committed Purchaser s Commitment over the amount funded as of such date by such Related Committed Purchaser
hereunder or with respect to outstanding principal of the Receivable Interests under the Liquidity Agreement for the Conduit Purchaser, if any, in the related Purchaser Group. 
 Available Tenor 
means , as of any date of determination and with respect to the
then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or
component thereof) or 
 that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest Yield calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) , as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or
otherwise, that is or may be used for determining
any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement , in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (e) of Section
 4.5. 4.5(d). 
 Bank Funding 
 means the funding of a Receivable Interest hereunder by any Purchaser other than through the issuance of Commercial Paper. 
 Bank Rate means, with respect to each Receivable Interest that is funded
through a Bank Funding, (a) the LIBO
Rate Term SOFR or (b) if the LIBO Rate Term
SOFR is not available in accordance with Section 4.3 , the Alternate Base Rate. 
 I-2 

Benchmark means , initially, with respect to any (i) Invested Amount funded through
a Bank Funding, the applicable Bank Rate for such Invested Amount (which as of the Eighth Amendment Effective
Date shall be the Term SOFR Reference Rate) or (ii) Invested Amount Amounts funded by a Conduit Purchaser pursuant to clause B b of the definition of CP Costs , the CP Costs for such Invested
Amount (which as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date shall be the Term SOFR Reference Rate) ; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event , a Term SOFR Transition Event, an Early Opt-in Election or an Other
Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have has occurred with respect to the applicable Bank Term SOFR Reference Rate , CP Costs or the then-current Benchmark for such Invested Amount , then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that
such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (a) or clause (b) of
 Section 
 4.5 . 4.5(a). 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for
any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date; provided that in the case of an Other Benchmark Rate Election, Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in (3) below: 
 (1) with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
 (2) the sum of:
 (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; (3) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Agent and the Seller as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration
to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark
rate as a replacement
 for to 
 the then-current Benchmark for Dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities denominated in U.S. Dollars at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
 provided that , in the case of clause (1), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as
selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion; provided further that, in the case of clause (3), when such clause is used to determine the Benchmark Replacement in connection with the occurrence of an Other Benchmark Rate Election, the
alternate benchmark rate selected by the Agent and the Seller shall be the term benchmark rate that is used in lieu of a LIBOR-based rate in the relevant other Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities; provided further that , notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document, upon the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event, and the delivery of a Term SOFR Notice, on the applicable
Benchmark Replacement Date the Benchmark
Replacement shall revert to and shall be deemed
to be the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as set forth in
 clause (1) of this definition (subject to the first proviso above). If the
Benchmark Replacement as at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if such Benchmark Replacement as so determined pursuant to clause (1), (2) or (3) above would
be less than the Floor,
 the such 
 Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
 I-3 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement: (1) for purposes of
 clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Agent: 
 (a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or
negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; 
 (b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark
Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable
Corresponding Tenor; and (2) for purposes of
 clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, , the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Agent and the Seller for the applicable Corresponding Tenor
 giving due consideration to (i) (a) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or
(ii or (b any evolving or then-prevailing
market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities denominated in U.S. Dollars at such time ; provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information
service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion . 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate , the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of
 purchase requests or prepayment, conversion or
continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational
matters) that the Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such 
 I-4 

Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice
is not administratively feasible or if the Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark
Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this
Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents). Date means
 a date and time determined by the Agent, which date shall be no later than the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to such then-current Benchmark: 
 1 a in the case of clause 1 a or 2 b of the definition of Benchmark Transition
Event , ,
 the later of a i the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and b ii the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component
thereof); or 
 2 b in the case of clause 3 c of the definition of Benchmark Transition
Event , ,
 the first date on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such
Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be no longer
 non- representative; provided , that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the
most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date ; 
 (3) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the date a Term SOFR Notice is provided to the Purchasers,
Purchaser Agent and the Seller pursuant to Section
4.5(b) ; or (4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election or an Other Benchmark Rate Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election or Other
Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, is provided to the Purchasers and Purchaser Agents, so long as the Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election
or Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, is provided to the Purchasers and Purchaser Agents, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election or Other Benchmark Rate Election, as applicable, from the Required Purchaser
Agents . For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause 1 a or 2 b with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the
calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event means , with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to such the then-current Benchmark: 
 I-5 

1 a a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of
the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently
or
indefinitely , ; 
 provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);
 2 b a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory
supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve
 Board Bank 
 of New York , the central bank for U.S. Dollars applicable to such Benchmark , an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely;
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 
 3 c a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory
supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer not , or as of a specified future date will no longer not be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public
statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark
 Transition Start
Date means,
 in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement
Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of
a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the
date of such statement or publication). Benchmark
 Unavailability Period means , with respect to any Benchmark , the
period (if any) x a beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced such the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in accordance with Section 4.5 and y b ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any
Transaction Document in accordance with Section 4.5 . 
 I-6 

Beneficial Ownership Rule 
 means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. Broken Funding Costs means for any
Receivable Interest which: (i) has its Invested Amount reduced (I) if funded with Commercial Paper, without compliance by Seller with the notice requirements hereunder or (II) if funded by reference to the Yield Rate and based upon the LIBO Rate Term
SOFR , on any date other than the Settlement Date or (ii) does not become subject to an Aggregate Reduction following the delivery of any Reduction Notice or (iii) is assigned by any
Conduit Purchaser to the Liquidity Providers under the related Liquidity Agreement or terminated prior to the date on which it was originally scheduled to end; an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the CP Costs or Yield (as applicable)
that would have accrued during the remainder of the Interest Periods or the tranche periods for Commercial Paper determined by the applicable Purchaser Agent to relate to such Receivable Interest (as applicable) subsequent to the date of such
reduction, assignment or termination (or in respect of clause (ii) above, the date such Aggregate Reduction was designated to occur pursuant to the Reduction Notice) of the Invested Amount of such Receivable Interest if such reduction,
assignment or termination had not occurred or such Reduction Notice had not been delivered, over (B) the sum of (x) to the extent all or a portion of such Invested Amount is allocated to another Receivable Interest, the amount of CP Costs
or Yield actually accrued during the remainder of such period on such Invested Amount for the new Receivable Interest, and (y) to the extent such Invested Amount is not allocated to another Receivable Interest, the income, if any, actually
received during the remainder of such period by the holder of such Receivable Interest from investing the portion of such Invested Amount not so allocated. In the event that the amount referred to in clause (B) exceeds the amount
referred to in clause (A) , the relevant Purchaser or Purchasers agree to pay to Seller the amount of such excess (net of any amounts due to such Purchasers). All Broken Funding Costs shall be due and payable hereunder upon written
demand. Business Day means any day on which banks are not authorized or
required to close in New York, New York, and The Depository Trust Company of New York is open for business, and, if the applicable Business Day relates to any computation or payment to be made with respect to the Yield Rate and based upon the LIBO Rate, any day on which dealings in dollar deposits are carried on in the London interbank market Term SOFR, any day that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day .
 Calculation Period means each accounting month specified in Part 1 of
 Exhibit XIV . Capitalized Lease of a Person shall mean any lease of property
by such Person as lessee which would be capitalized on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Change in Control means any Person or group (within the meaning of
Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) (A) shall have acquired beneficial interest of 50 or more of any outstanding class of equity interests having ordinary voting power in the election of the
directors of Schein (other than the aggregate beneficial ownership of the Persons who are officers or directors of Schein as of September 12, 2012) or (B) shall obtain (i) the power (whether or not exercised) to elect a majority of
Schein s directors or (ii) the board of directors of Schein shall not consist of a majority of Continuing Directors. 
 Closing Date April 17, 2013. 
 I-7 

Collection Account means each
concentration account, depositary account, lock-box account or similar account in which any Collections are collected or deposited and which is listed on Exhibit I to the Account Disclosure Letter. 
 Collection Account Agreement means an agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit
V , among Servicer, Seller, the Agent and a Collection Bank. Collection Bank 
means, at any time, any of the banks holding one or more Collection Accounts. Collection
Notice means a notice, in substantially the form of Annex A to Exhibit V , from the Agent to a Collection Bank. 
 Collections means, with respect to any Receivable, all cash collections and other cash
proceeds in respect of such Receivable, including, without limitation, all Finance Charges or other related amounts accruing in respect thereof and all cash proceeds of Related Security with respect to such Receivable. 
 Commercial Paper means, with respect to any Conduit Purchaser, (a) promissory notes
issued by such Conduit Purchaser in the commercial paper market or (b) on any day, any short-term notes or any other form of debt issued by or on behalf of such Conduit Purchaser in the ordinary course of its financing business or obligations
pursuant to interest rate basis swaps entered into in connection with the issuance of such short-term notes. 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Related Committed Purchaser, the aggregate
maximum amount which such Purchaser is obligated to pay hereunder on account of all Purchases, which amount is the amount set forth as its Commitment in the right column of Exhibit XV , or in the Assumption Agreement or Transfer
Supplement, pursuant to which it became a Purchaser, as such amount may be modified in connection with any subsequent assignment pursuant to Section 12.1 or in connection with a reduction in the Maximum Purchase Limit
pursuant to Section 1.1(b) . Commitment Percentage means,
for each Related Committed Purchaser in a Purchaser Group, such Related Committed Purchaser s Commitment divided by the total of all Commitments of all Related Committed Purchasers in such Purchaser Group. 
 Concentration Percentage means (i) for any Group A Obligor, 10.00 , (ii) for any
Group B Obligor, 10.00 , (iii) for any Group C Obligor, 5.00 and (iv) for any Group D Obligor, 2.50 . 
 Conduit Purchasers means each Purchaser that is a commercial paper conduit. 
 
 Conforming Changes means,
 with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation
of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the
definition of
 Alternate
 Base
Rate , 
 the definition of
 Business
 Day, the
 definition of
 U.S.
 Government Securities Business Day, the
 definition of
 Interest
 Period or
 any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest
period ),
 timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
 
 I-8 

payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests
 or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Broken Funding
Costs and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Agent decides may be appropriate
to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Agent decides that
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of
 any such
rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Agent decides is reasonably necessary in
connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents). 
 Consolidated Subsidiary shall mean, at any date, for any Person, any Subsidiary or other
entity the accounts of which would be consolidated under GAAP with those of such Person in its consolidated financial statements as of such date. 
 Contingent Obligation of a Person means any agreement, undertaking or arrangement by
which such Person assumes, guarantees, endorses, contingently agrees to purchase or provide funds for the payment of, or otherwise becomes or is contingently liable upon, the obligation or liability of any other Person, or agrees to maintain the net
worth or working capital or other financial condition of any other Person, or otherwise assures any creditor of such other Person against loss, including, without limitation, any comfort letter, operating agreement, take-or-pay contract or application for a letter of credit. Continuing
Directors means, as to Schein, the directors of Schein as of September 12, 2012, and each other director of Schein whose nomination for election to the Board of Directors of Schein is recommended by a majority
of the then Continuing Directors. Contract means, with respect to any Receivable,
any and all instruments, agreements, invoices or other writings pursuant to which such Receivable arises or which evidence such Receivable. 
 Contractual Dilution means any amount by which a Receivable is reduced
prior to payment by the relevant Obligor as a result of allowances, discounts, sales programs or rebates which are customary and specified in a sales contract or applicable obligor program. 
 Corresponding Tenor means, with respect to any Available Tenor, as applicable, either a tenor
(including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 CP Costs means, for each day for any Conduit Purchaser (a) the weighted
average cost (as defined below) for such day related to the issuance of Commercial Paper by or on behalf
of such Conduit Purchaser that is allocated, in whole or in part by such Conduit Purchaser, to fund all or part of its Purchases (and which may also be allocated in part to the funding of other
assets of such Conduit Purchaser) or (b) any other amount designated as the CP Costs for such Conduit Purchaser in an Assumption Agreement or Transfer Supplement pursuant to which such Conduit Purchaser becomes a party (as a Conduit
Purchaser) to the Agreement, or any other written agreement among such Conduit Purchaser, the Seller, the Servicer, the related Purchaser Agent and the Agent from time to time. As used in this definition, the weighted average cost shall
consist of (A) the actual interest rate (or discount) paid to purchasers of Commercial Paper issued 
 I-9 

by or on behalf of such Conduit Purchaser, together with the commissions of placement agents and dealers in respect of such Commercial Paper, to the extent such commissions are allocated, in whole or in part, to such Commercial
Paper (B) the costs associated with the issuance of such Commercial Paper, including without limitation, issuing and paying agent fees incurred with respect to such Commercial Paper, (C) any incremental carrying costs incurred with respect
to Commercial Paper maturing on dates other than those on which corresponding funds are received by such Conduit Purchaser under this Agreement and (D) interest on other borrowing or funding sources by such Conduit Purchaser, including, without
limitation, (i) to fund small or odd dollar amounts that are not easily accommodated in the commercial paper market, (ii) bridge loans, (iii) market disruption loans, (iv) subordinate notes and (v) voluntary advance
facilities. Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as
of September 12, 2012, among Schein, as borrower, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as syndication agent and U.S. Bank National Association, MUFG, UniCredit Bank
AG and The Bank of New York Mellon, as co-documentation agents, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Credit and Collection Policy means, as applicable, Schein s credit and collection
policies and practices relating to Contracts and Receivables existing on the date hereof and provided to the Agent and each Purchaser Agent, as modified from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Cut-Off Date means the last day of a Calculation
Period. Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which may include a lookback) being established by the Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for business loans; provided, that if the Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Agent, then the Agent may establish another
convention in its reasonable discretion. 
 Deemed Collections means Collections deemed received by Seller under
 Section 1.4(a) . Default Rate means a rate per annum equal
to the sum of (a) Prime Rate and (b) 1.50 . Default Ratio means, as of any Cut-Off Date, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) computed by dividing (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Receivables which became Defaulted Receivables during the Calculation Period that includes such Cut-Off Date by (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Receivables originated by the Originators during the Calculation Period occurring four (4) months prior to the Calculation Period ending on such Cut-Off Date. Defaulted Receivable means a
Receivable (without duplication): (i) as to which the Obligor thereof has suffered an Event of Bankruptcy; (ii) which, consistent with the Credit and Collection Policy, should be written off Seller s books as uncollectible; or
(iii) as to which any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for more than ninety (90) days but equal to or less than one hundred and twenty (120) days from the original due date for such payment (determined without regard to
any extension of the due date pursuant to Section 8.2(d) ). 
 I-10 

Delinquency Ratio means, as of any Cut-Off Date, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) computed by dividing (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Delinquent Receivables as of such Cut-Off Date by
(ii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables as of such Cut-Off Date. 
 Delinquent Receivable means a Receivable (other than a Defaulted Receivable) as to which
any payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for more than 60 days from the original due date for such payment (determined without regard to any extension of the due date pursuant to Section 8.2(d) ). 
 Diluted Receivable means a Receivable which in whole or in part has become a subject of
reduction as a result of returned products, defect, dispute, warranty, cash discounts, allowances, rebates, rejections, set off, netting, deficit, failure to perform on the part of the related Originator, adjustment, or any other reason besides
reasons pertaining to the credit worthiness of the related Obligor. Dilution 
 means the amount of any reduction or cancellation of the Outstanding Balance of a Receivable as described in Section 1.4(a) . 
 Dilution Horizon Ratio means as of any date, a ratio (expressed as a percentage), computed as of the last
day of the most recently ended Calculation Period by dividing (i) the sum of the aggregate amount of gross sales of the Originators generated during the most recently ended Calculation Period by (ii) the amount equal to the Non-Defaulted Receivables Balance as of the last day of the most recently ended Calculation Period. 
 Dilution Ratio means, as of any
 Cut-Off Date, a ratio (expressed as a percentage) computed by dividing (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Receivables that became Diluted Receivables (excluding any portion thereof constituting
Contractual Dilution) during the Calculation Period ending on such Cut-Off Date by (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Receivables generated by the Originators during the Calculation Period
immediately prior to the Calculation Period ending on such Cut-Off Date. 
 Dilution Reserve Floor Percentage means the product of: 
 ADR x DHR where:
 ADR = Adjusted Dilution Ratio; 
 DHR = Dilution Horizon Ratio. 
 Dilution Spike means, at any time, the highest three (3) month average Dilution
Ratio observed over the previous 12 months. Dilution Volatility Ratio means the
product of: ((DS ADR) x DS/ADR) 
 I-11 

where: 
 ADR = Adjusted Dilution Ratio; 
 DS = Dilution Spike 
 Dispute shall mean any dispute, deduction, claim, offset, defense, counterclaim, set-off or obligation of any kind, contingent or otherwise, relating to a Receivable, including, without limitation, any dispute relating to goods or services already paid for. 
 Dollar and shall mean lawful
currency of the United States of America. Dynamic Dilution Reserve Percentage 
means, at any time, a percentage calculated as follows: ((SF x ADR) + DVR) x DHR 
 where : SF = stress
factor of 2.00; ADR = Adjusted Dilution Ratio; 
 DVR = Dilution Volatility Ratio; 
 DHR = Dilution Horizon Ratio. 
 Dynamic Loss Reserve Percentage means, at any time, the product of: 
 SF x DR x LHR where:
 SF = stress factor of 2.00; 
 DR = the highest three-month average Default Ratio over (x) from October 20, 2021 through the Calculation Period ending on
November 27, 2021, each Calculation Period from the Calculation Period ending on December 26, 2020 through the Calculation Period that immediately precedes the Calculation Period in which such date of determination occurs and (y) at
all other times, the past 12 months; LHR = Loss Horizon Ratio. 
 Early Opt-in Election means, if the then current Benchmark with respect to U.S. Dollars is the LIBO
Rate, the occurrence of: Eighth Amendment Date means
December 15, 2022. 
 (1) 
 a notification by the Agent to (or the request by the Seller to the Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding
Dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR- based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are
publicly available for review), and 
 I-12 

(2) 
 the joint election by the Agent and the Seller to trigger a fallback from the LIBO Rate and the provision, as applicable, by the Agent of written notice of such
election to the Seller and the Purchasers. 
 Eligible Receivable means, at any time, a Receivable: 
 (a) which, together with the related Contract, complies with all applicable Laws and other legal requirements, whether Federal,
state or local, including, without limitation, to the extent applicable, usury laws, the Federal Consumer Credit Protection Act, the Fair Credit Billing Act, the Federal Truth in Lending Act, and Regulation Z of the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System; (b) which constitutes an account , chattel paper or a payment
intangible as defined in the UCC as in effect in the State of New York and the jurisdiction whose Law governs the perfection of the Agent s (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) ownership and security interest therein, and is not
evidenced by an instrument, as defined in the UCC as so in effect; (c) which was originated in connection with
a sale of goods or the provision of services by the Applicable Originator in the ordinary course of its business to an Obligor who was approved by the Applicable Originator in accordance with its Credit and Collection Policy, and which Obligor is
not an Affiliate of the Seller or the Applicable Originator; (d) which (i) arises from a Contract and has been
billed, or in respect of which the related Obligor is otherwise liable, in accordance with the terms of such Contract and (ii) arises from a Contract that (A) does not require the Obligor under such Contract to consent to the transfer,
sale or assignment of the rights and duties of the Applicable Originator or the Seller under such Contract and (B) does not contain any provision that restricts the ability of the Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any Purchaser to exercise its
rights under this Agreement (or the Receivables Sale Agreement), including, without limitation, the right to review the Contract; 
 (e) which constitutes a legal, valid, binding and irrevocable payment obligation of the related Obligor, enforceable in
accordance with its terms, and which is not subject to any Disputes or other offsets, counterclaims, defenses or contra accounts; provided that (1) if such Dispute, offset, counterclaim, defense or contra accounts
affects only a portion of the Outstanding Balance of such Receivable or (2) if such Receivable is subject to Contractual Dilution then such Receivable may be deemed an Eligible Receivable to the extent of the portion of such Outstanding Balance
which is not so affected; (f) which provides for payment in U.S. Dollars and is to be paid in the United States by the
related Obligor; 
 I-13 

(g) with respect to which the related Contract directs (or the Servicer has
directed) payment thereof to be sent to a Lock-Box or the Collection Account; (h)
which has not been repurchased by any Originator pursuant to the repurchase provisions of the Receivables Sale Agreement; 
 (i) which is not a Defaulted Receivable or Delinquent Receivable; 
 (j) which has a related Obligor (i) for which no more than 35 of the aggregate Outstanding Balances of Receivables owed
by such Obligor are greater than 90 days past due and (ii) which is not the subject of a current Event of Bankruptcy and has not been the subject of an Event of Bankruptcy during the prior 24 months unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the
Agent and the Required Purchaser Agents; (k) which has a related Obligor that is a Person domiciled in the United States
of America; provided that Receivables owed by Obligors not domiciled in the United States are permitted to be Eligible Receivables if the related Obligor is a resident of an OECD country; 
 (l) which was not originated in or subject to the Laws of a jurisdiction whose Laws would make such Receivable, the related
Contract or the sale of the Receivable Interests to the Seller or Agent for the benefit of the Purchasers, or the pledge of the security interest to the Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties), hereunder unlawful, invalid or unenforceable and
which is not subject to any legal limitation on transfer; (m) which (i) immediately prior to the sale of such
Receivable to the Seller under and in accordance with the Receivables Sale Agreement, was owned solely by the Applicable Originator free and clear of all Liens, except for the Lien arising in connection with the Receivables Sale Agreement,
(ii) was transferred to the Seller in a true sale or true contribution under the Receivables Sale Agreement and (iii) after such sale, is owned solely by the Seller free and clear of all Liens, except for the Lien
arising in connection with this Agreement; (n) for which all goods, services, and other products and transactions in
connection with such Receivable have been finally performed or delivered to and accepted by the Obligor without Dispute; 
 (o) which does not provide the Obligor with the right to obtain any cash advance thereunder; 
 (p) which by its terms has Invoice Payment Terms of less than 91 days; provided that an Extended Term Receivable
may be an Eligible Receivable if the Invoice Payment Terms of such Extended Term Receivable do not exceed 180 days; (q)
which is an eligible asset within the meaning of Rule 3a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time; 
 I-14 

(s) which has terms which have not been modified, impaired, waived, altered,
extended or renegotiated since the initial sale or provision of service to an Obligor in any way not expressly permitted for in this Agreement; 
 (t) which represents all or part of the sales price of merchandise, insurance, services, and goods within the meaning of the
Investment Company Act of 1940, Section 3(c)(5), as amended, and which is sold by the Applicable Originator in the ordinary course of business; 
 (u) for which the purchase of such Receivable is a current transaction within Section 3(a)(3) of the
Securities Act of 1933; and (v) the Obligor of which is not a Sanctioned Person. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to
time, and any rule or regulation issued thereunder. ERISA Affiliate means any trade
or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with Schein within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Internal Revenue Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Internal Revenue Code for purposes of provisions
relating to Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code). ERISA Event means
(a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) a complete or partial withdrawal from a Multiemployer Plan that results in liability to Schein or any ERISA Affiliate, or the receipt or delivery by Schein or any ERISA Affiliate
of any notice with respect to any Multiemployer Plan concerning the imposition of liability as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA;
(c) a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA; (d) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Internal Revenue Code or
Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Pension Plan; (e) the PBGC or a plan administrator shall, or shall indicate its intention in writing to Schein or any ERISA
Affiliate to, terminate any Pension Plan or appoint a trustee to administer any Pension Plan; (f) Schein or any ERISA Affiliate incurs liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Pension Plan; (g) a failure by
any Pension Plan to satisfy the minimum funding standards (as defined in Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 of ERISA) applicable to such Pension Plan, in each instance, whether or not waived or (h) the imposition
of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon Schein or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 Event of Bankruptcy shall be deemed to have occurred with respect to a Person if either:
 (a) a case or other proceeding shall be commenced, without the application or consent of such Person, in any court,
seeking the liquidation, reorganization, debt arrangement, dissolution, winding up, or composition or readjustment of debts of such Person, the appointment of a trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator, assignee, sequestrator or the like for such
Person or all or substantially all of its assets, or any similar action with respect to such Person under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, 
 I-15 

winding up or composition or adjustment of debts, and such case or proceeding shall continue undismissed, or unstayed and in effect, for a period of 60 consecutive days; or an order for relief in
respect of such Person shall be entered in an involuntary case under the federal bankruptcy laws or other similar laws now or hereafter in effect; or 
 (b) such Person shall commence a voluntary case or other proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, debt arrangement, dissolution or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or shall consent to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee (other than a trustee under a deed of trust,
indenture or similar instrument), custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) for, such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or shall make any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall be adjudicated insolvent,
or admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or, if a corporation or similar entity, its board of directors shall vote to implement any of the foregoing. 
 Excepted Persons has the meaning set forth in Section 13.4 .
 Excess Concentration means, without duplication, the sum of the following amounts:
 (a) the sum of the amounts calculated for each of the Obligors equal to the excess (if any) of the aggregate Outstanding
Balance of the Eligible Receivables of such Obligor, over the product of (x) such Obligor s Concentration Percentage, multiplied by (y) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables; plus 
 (b) the amount (if any) by which the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables owed by Obligors not domiciled
in the United States and are residents of an OECD country, exceeds 5.00 of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables; plus 
 (c) the amount (if any) by which the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables that are Extended Term
Receivables, exceeds 5.00 of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables; plus (d) the amount
(if any) by which the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables that are Government Receivables, exceeds 5.00 of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables; plus 
 (e) the amount (if any) by which the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables that are Rebilled Receivables
exceeds 1.50 of the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables originated by the Originators during the Calculation Period that immediately precede such date of determination. 
 Excluded Taxes has the meaning set forth in
 Section 10.1(d). Executive Order means Executive Order
No. 13224 on Terrorist Financings: Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten To Commit, or Support Terrorism issued on September 23, 2001. 
 I-16 

Extended Term Receivables means a
Receivable with Invoice Payment Terms greater than 90 days. Facility Account means
that certain account of the Seller maintained at The Bank of New York Mellon and as set forth in that certain letter dated as of the date hereof from the Seller to the Purchaser Agents. 
 Facility Termination Date means the earliest to occur of: (a) the Scheduled
Facility Termination Date, (b) the date determined pursuant to Section 9.2 , (c) the Termination Date and (d) the date the Maximum Purchase Limit reduces to zero pursuant to Section 1.1(b) 
of this Agreement. FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the
Internal Revenue Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and
any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code. Federal
Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code entitled Bankruptcy, as amended and any successor statute thereto. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any period for any Purchaser, a fluctuating
interest rate per annum for each day during such period equal to (i) the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published for
such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York in the Composite Closing Quotations for U.S. Government Securities; or (ii) if such rate is not so published for any day
which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations at approximately 11:30 a.m. (New York time) for such day on such transactions received by the related Purchaser Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. 
 Federal Reserve Bank means any bank in the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States
of America. Fee Letter means each fee letter with respect to this Agreement among
Seller, Schein and the applicable Purchaser Agent, as it may be amended, restated or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time. 
 Fifth Amendment Date means May 13, 2019. 
 Final Payout Date means the date on which all Aggregate Unpaids have been paid in full
and the Maximum Purchase Limit has been reduced to zero. Finance Charges means,
with respect to a Contract, any finance, interest, late payment charges or similar charges owing by an Obligor pursuant to such Contract. 
 I-17 

Fiscal Year shall mean, for accounting
purposes of each of the Seller and the Servicer, the following dates: (i) for Fiscal Year 2013, December 30, 2012 until December 28, 2013, (ii) for Fiscal Year 2014, December 29, 2013 until December 27, 2014, (iii) for
Fiscal Year 2015, December 28, 2014 until December 26, 2015 and (iv) for Fiscal Year 2016, December 27, 2015 until December 31, 2016. 
 Floor : the benchmark rate floor,
if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the LIBO Rate, as applicable. means 0.00 . 
 Funding Agreement means (i) this Agreement, (ii) each Liquidity Agreement and
(iii) any other agreement or instrument executed by any Funding Source with or for the benefit of any Conduit Purchaser. 
 Funding Source means (i) the Agent, any Purchaser Agent or any Liquidity Provider
or (ii) any insurance company, bank or other funding entity providing liquidity, credit enhancement or back-up purchase support or facilities to any Conduit Purchaser. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in effect in the United States of
America as of the date of this Agreement. Government Receivables shall mean, at the
time, any Receivables for which the related Obligor is the United States of America, any State or local government or any Federal or state agency or instrumentality or political subdivision thereof. 
 Group A Obligor means an Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if
such parent or majority owner is a guarantor on the related Contract) with a short-term rating of at least: (a) A-1 by Standard Poor s or, if such Obligor does not have a short-term
rating from Standard Poor s, a rating of A+ or better by Standard Poor s on such Obligor s (or, if applicable, its parent s or its majority owner s) long-term senior unsecured and
uncredit-enhanced debt securities, and (b) P-1 by Moody , or, if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from Moody s, a rating of Al or better by Moody s on such
Obligor s (or, if applicable, its parent s or its majority owner s) long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities; provided, that if an Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such parent or
majority owner is a guarantor on the related Contract) receives a split rating from Standard Poor s and Moody s, then such Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable) shall be deemed to have the lower of the two
ratings; provided, further, that if an Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such parent or majority owner is a guarantor on the related Contract) is rated by either Standard Poor s or Moody s, but not
both, and satisfies either clause (a) or clause (b) above, then such Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable) shall be deemed to be a Group B Obligor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Obligor that is a Subsidiary or an
Affiliate of an Obligor that satisfies the definition of Group A Obligor shall be deemed to be a Group A Obligor and shall be aggregated with the Obligor that satisfies such definition for the purposes of clause (i) of the
definition of Excess Concentration for such Obligors, unless such deemed Obligor separately satisfies the definition of Group A Obligor , Group B Obligor , or Group C Obligor , in which case such Obligor
shall be separately treated as a Group A Obligor, a Group B Obligor or a Group C Obligor, as the case may be, and shall be aggregated and combined for such purposes with any of its Subsidiaries that are Obligors. 
 I-18 

Group B Obligor means an Obligor (or
its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such parent or majority owner is a guarantor on the related Contract) that is not a Group A Obligor and that has a short-term rating of at least: (a)
 A-2 by Standard Poor s or, if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from Standard Poor s, a rating of BBB+ or better by Standard 
Poor s on such Obligor s (or, if applicable, its parent s or its majority owner s) long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities, and (b) P-2 by Moody s
or, if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from Moody s, a rating of Baal or better by Moody s on such Obligor s (or, if applicable, its parent s or its majority owner s) long-term senior unsecured and
uncredit-enhanced debt securities; provided, that if an Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such parent or majority owner is a guarantor on the related Contract) receives a split rating from Standard Poor s
and Moody s, then such Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable) shall be deemed to have the lower of the two ratings; provided, further, that if an Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such parent or
majority owner is a guarantor on the related Contract) is rated by either Standard Poor s or Moody s, but not both, and satisfies either clause (a) or clause (b) above, then such Obligor (or its parent or majority
owner, as applicable) shall be deemed to be a Group C Obligor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Obligor that is a Subsidiary or Affiliate of an Obligor that satisfies the definition of Group B Obligor shall be deemed to be a Group B
Obligor and shall be aggregated with the Obligor that satisfies such definition for the purposes of clause (i) of the definition of Excess Concentration for such Obligors, unless such deemed Obligor separately satisfies the
definition of Group A Obligor , Group B Obligor , or Group C Obligor , in which case such Obligor shall be separately treated as a Group A Obligor, a Group B Obligor or a Group C Obligor, as the case may be, and
shall be aggregated and combined for such purposes with any of its Subsidiaries that are Obligors. Group C
Obligor means an Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such parent or majority owner is a guarantor on the related Contract) that is not a Group A Obligor or a Group B Obligor and that has a
short-term rating of at least: (a) A-3 by Standard Poor s or, if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from Standard Poor s, a rating of BBB- or better by Standard Poor s on such Obligor s (or, if applicable, its parent s or its majority owner s) long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt
securities, and (b) P-3 by Moody s or, if such Obligor does not have a short-term rating from Moody s, a rating of Baa3 or better by Moody s on such Obligor s (or,
if applicable, its parent s or its majority owner s) long-term senior unsecured and uncredit-enhanced debt securities; provided, that if an Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such parent or majority owner is a
guarantor on the related Contract) receives a split rating from Standard Poor s and Moody s, then such Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable) shall be deemed to have the lower of the two ratings; provided,
further, that if an Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such parent or majority owner is a guarantor on the related Contract) is rated by either Standard Poor s or Moody s, but not both, and satisfies
either clause (a) or clause (b) above, then such Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable) shall be deemed to be a Group D Obligor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Obligor that is a Subsidiary or Affiliate of an Obligor
that satisfies the definition of Group C Obligor shall be deemed to be a Group C Obligor and shall be aggregated with the Obligor that satisfies such definition for the purposes of clause (i) of the definition of Excess
Concentration for such Obligors, unless such deemed Obligor separately satisfies the definition of Group A Obligor , Group B Obligor , or Group C Obligor , in which case such Obligor shall be separately treated
as a Group A Obligor, a Group B Obligor or a Group C Obligor, as the case may be, and shall be aggregated and combined for such purposes with any of its Subsidiaries that are Obligors. 
 I-19 

Group Commitment means, with respect
to any Purchaser Group, the aggregate of the Commitments of each Purchaser within such Purchaser Group. Group D
Obligor means any Obligor that is not a Group A Obligor, Group B Obligor or Group C Obligor, Any Obligor (or its parent or majority owner, as applicable, if such Obligor is unrated) that is rated by neither Moody s
nor Standard Poor s shall be a Group D Obligor. Group Invested
Amount means, with respect to any Purchaser Group, an amount equal to the aggregate Invested Amount of all the Purchasers within such Purchaser Group. 
 Guarantee shall mean, as applied to any Indebtedness, (i) a guarantee (other than
by endorsement for collection in the ordinary course of business), direct or indirect, in any manner, of any part or all of such Indebtedness or (ii) an agreement, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, providing assurance of the payment
or performance (or payment of damages in the event of non-performance) of any part or all of such Indebtedness, including, without limiting the foregoing, the payment of amounts drawn down by letters of
credit. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be the maximum amount of the Indebtedness guaranteed for which the guarantor could be held liable under such Guarantee. 
 Incremental Purchase means a purchase of one or more Receivable Interests which
increases the total outstanding Aggregate Invested Amount hereunder. Indebtedness 
of any Person shall mean, without duplication, (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, or upon which interest payments are
customarily made, (iii) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property purchased by such Person (other than customary reservations or retentions of title under agreements with
suppliers entered into in the ordinary course of business), (iv) all obligations of such Person issued or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services purchased by such Person (other than trade debt incurred in the ordinary course
of business and due within twelve months of the incurrence thereof) which would appear as liabilities on a balance sheet of such Person, (v) all obligations of such Person under
 take-or-pay or similar arrangements or under commodities agreements, (vi) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an
existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on, or payable out of the proceeds of production from, property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the obligations secured thereby have been assumed, provided
that for purposes hereof the amount of such Indebtedness shall be limited to the greater of (A) the amount of such Indebtedness as to which there is recourse to such Person and (B) the fair market value of the property which is
subject to the Lien, (vii) all Guarantees of such Person, (viii) the principal portion of all obligations of such Person under Capitalized Leases, (ix) all obligations of such Person in respect of interest rate protection agreements,
foreign currency exchange agreements, commodity purchase or option agreements or other interest or exchange rate or commodity price hedging agreements, (x) the maximum amount of all standby letters of credit issued or bankers acceptances
facilities created for the account of such Person and, without duplication, all drafts drawn thereunder (to the extent unreimbursed), (xi) all preferred stock issued by such Person and required 
 I-20 

by the terms thereof to be redeemed, or for which mandatory sinking fund payments are due by a fixed date, (xii) the principal balance outstanding under any securitization transaction and
(xiii) the principal balance outstanding under any synthetic lease, tax retention operating lease, off-balance sheet loan or similar off-balance sheet financing
product to which such Person is a party, where such transaction is considered borrowed money indebtedness for tax purposes but is classified as an operating lease in accordance with GAAP. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness
of any partnership or joint venture in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, but only to the extent to which there is recourse to such Person for payment of such Indebtedness. 
 Indemnified Amounts has the meaning specified in
 Section 10.1 . Indemnified Party has the
meaning specified in Section 10.1 . Independent
Director means an individual who (A)(i) shall not have been at the time of such individual s appointment as a director, (ii) may not have been at any time during the preceding five (5) years
and (iii) shall not be while serving as Independent Director for the Seller (a) a shareholder of, or an officer, director (other than an Independent Director), member, partner, attorney, counsel or employee of, the Seller or any Affiliate
thereof, (b) a customer, creditor or contractor of, or supplier to the Seller, or any of its Affiliates, (c) a Person controlling, controlled by or under common control with, any such shareholder, officer, director, member, partner,
attorney, counsel, employee, customer or supplier, or (d) a member of the immediate family of any such shareholder, officer, director, member, partner, employee, customer or supplier and (B) shall have (i) prior experience as an
independent director, independent manager or independent member and who is provided by CT Corporation, Corporation Service Company, National Registered Agents, Inc., Wilmington Trust Company, Stewart Management Company, Lord Securities Corporation
or, if none of those companies is then providing professional independent directors, another nationally-recognized company reasonably approved by the Agent, in each case that is not an Affiliate of the Seller and that provides professional
independent directors and other corporate services in the ordinary course of its business and (ii) at least three (3) years of employment experience with one or more entities that provide, in the ordinary course of their respective
businesses, advisory, management or placement services to issuers of securitization or structured finance instruments, agreements or securities. 
 Interest Period means with respect to any Receivable Interest funded through a Bank
Funding: (a) the period commencing on the date of the initial funding of such Receivable Interest through a Bank Funding
and including on, but excluding, the Business Day immediately preceding the next following Settlement Date; and (b)
thereafter, each period commencing on, and including, the Business Day immediately preceding a Settlement Date and ending on, but excluding, the Business Day immediately preceding the next following Settlement Date. 
 Internal Revenue Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time
to time and any successor thereto, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. 
 I-21 

Invested Amount of any Receivable
Interest means, at any time, (A) the Purchase Price of such Receivable Interest paid by the Purchasers, minus (B) the sum of the aggregate amount of Collections and other payments received by the applicable Purchaser Agent which, in each
case, are applied to reduce such Invested Amount in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; provided that such Invested Amount shall be restored (in accordance with Section 2.4 in the
amount of any Collections or other payments so received and applied if at any time the distribution of such Collections or payments are rescinded, returned or refunded for any reason. 
 Invoice Payment Terms means, with respect to any Receivable, the number of days
following the date of the related original invoice by which such Receivable is required to be paid in full, as set forth in such original invoice. 
 ISDA
Definitions means the 2006 ISDA
Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to
time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 
 Law shall mean any law (including common law), constitution, statute, treaty,
regulation, rule, ordinance, order, injunction, writ, decree or award of any Official Body. LIBO Rate means for any Interest Period either (a) the interest rate per 
 annum designated as MUFG s LIBO Rate for a period of time comparable to such Interest Period
that appears on the Reuters Screen LIBO Page as of 11:00 a.m. (London, England time) on the second Business Day preceding the first day of such Interest Period or (b) if a rate cannot be determined under clause (a) , an annual rate equal to the average (rounded upwards if necessary to the nearest 1/100th of 1 of the rates per 
 annum at which deposits in U.S. Dollars with a
duration comparable to such Interest Period in a principal amount substantially equal to the applicable Rate Tranche are offered to the principal London office of MUFG by three London banks, selected by Agent in good faith, at approximately 11:00
a.m. London time on the second Business Day preceding the first day of such Interest Period. If the calculation of the LIBO Rate results in a LIBO Rate of less than zero (0), the LIBO Rate shall be deemed to be zero (0) for all purposes of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents.
 
 Lien means, in respect of the property of any Person, any ownership
interest of any other Person, any mortgage, deed of trust, hypothecation, pledge, lien, security interest, filing of any financing statement, charge or other encumbrance or security arrangement of any nature whatsoever, including,
without limitation, any conditional sale or title retention arrangement, and any assignment, deposit arrangement, consignment or lease intended as, or having the effect of, security. 
 Liquidity Agent means each of the banks acting as agent for the various Liquidity
Providers under each Liquidity Agreement. Liquidity Agreement means any agreement
entered into in connection with this Agreement pursuant to which a Liquidity Provider agrees to make purchases or advances to, or purchase assets from, any Conduit Purchaser in order to provide liquidity for such Conduit Purchaser s Purchases.
 
 I-22 

Liquidity Provider means each bank or
other financial institution that provides liquidity support to any Conduit Purchaser pursuant to the terms of a Liquidity Agreement. 
 Location shall mean, with respect to the Seller, any Originator or the Servicer, the
place where the Seller, such Originator or the Servicer, as the case may be, is located (within the meaning of Section 9-307, or any analogous provision, of the UCC, in effect in the
jurisdiction whose Law governs the perfection of the Agent s (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) interests in any Purchased Assets). 
 Lock-Box means each locked postal box with
respect to which a bank who has executed a Collection Account Agreement has been granted exclusive access for the purpose of retrieving and processing payments made on the Receivables and which is listed on Exhibit I to the Account Disclosure
Letter. Loss Horizon Ratio means, as of any
 Cut-Off Date, the ratio (expressed as a decimal) computed by dividing (i) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Receivables generated by the Originators during the preceding four Calculation Periods prior
to the Calculation Period ending on such Cut-Off Date by (ii) the amount equal to the Non-Defaulted Receivables Balance as of the last day of the most recently
ended Calculation Period. Loss Reserve Floor means 10 . 
 Maximum Purchase Limit means 450,000,000, as such amount may be reduced
pursuant to Section 1.1(b) or increased pursuant to Section 1.1(c) . 
 Maximum Purchase Limit Decrease Notice has the meaning set forth in
 Section 1.1(b) . Moody s 
means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. MUFG means MUFG Bank, Ltd. (f/k/a The Bank of
Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.), in its individual capacity and its successors. Multiemployer
Plan means a multiemployer plan , within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which Schein or any ERISA Affiliate makes, is making, or is obligated to make contributions or, during the preceding
three calendar years, has made, or been obligated to make, contributions. Net Pool
Balance means, at any time, the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables at such time reduced by the Excess Concentration. 
 Non-Defaulted Receivables Balance means an
aggregate balance, for a given Calculation Period, of all Receivables as to which no payment, or part thereof, remains unpaid for more than ninety (90) days from the original due date for such payment (determined without regard to any extension
of the date due pursuant to Section 8.2(d)). Obligor shall mean, for any
Receivable, each and every Person who purchased goods or services on credit under a Contract and who is obligated to make payments to an Originator or the Seller as assignee thereof pursuant to such Contract. 
 I-23 

Obligor Percentage means, at any time,
for each Obligor, a fraction, expressed as a percentage, (a) the numerator of which is the aggregate Outstanding Balance of the Eligible Receivables of such Obligor at such time less the amount (if any) then included in the calculation of the
Excess Concentration pursuant to clause (a) of the definition thereof with respect to such Obligor, and (b) the denominator of which is the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Eligible Receivables at such time. 
 OFAC has the meaning set forth in the definition of Sanctioned Person.
 Official Body shall mean any government or political subdivision or any agency,
authority, bureau, central bank, commission, department or instrumentality of either, or any court, tribunal, grand jury or arbitrator, in each case whether foreign or domestic. 
 Originator means each of Schein and each other Person, if any, party to the Receivables
Sale Agreement from time to time as a seller. 
 Other Benchmark Rate
Election : with respect to any
Invested Amount denominated in U.S. Dollars, if the then-current Benchmark is the LIBO Rate, the occurrence of: 
 (a) a request by the Seller to the Agent to notify each of
the other parties hereto that, at the determination of the Seller, Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed), in lieu of a LIBOR-based rate, a term benchmark rate as a
benchmark rate, and (b) the Agent, in its sole discretion, and the Seller jointly elect to trigger a fallback from the LIBO Rate and the provision, as applicable, by the Agent of written notice
of such election to the Seller, the Purchasers and Purchaser Agents. 
 Outstanding Balance of any Receivable at any time means the then outstanding principal
balance thereof. Participant has the meaning set forth in
 Section 12.1(b) . Patriot Act has the meaning set forth in
 Section 13.14 . PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty
Corporation, or any successor thereto. Pension Plan means a pension plan (as
defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to Title IV of ERISA which Schein or any ERISA Affiliate sponsors or maintains, or to which Schein or any of its ERISA Affiliates makes, is making, or is obligated to
make contributions, including a multiple employer plan (as described in Section 4064(a) of ERISA), or with respect to which Schein or any of its ERISA Affiliates has any liability, contingent or otherwise. 
 Performance Guarantor means Henry Schein, Inc. 
 Performance Undertaking means that certain Performance Undertaking, dated as of
April 17, 2013 by Performance Guarantor in favor of Seller, substantially in the form of Exhibit IX , as the same may be further amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 I-24 

Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has
 the meaning specified in the definition of Term
SOFR .
 Person means an
individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust), limited liability company, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other entity, or a government or any political subdivision or agency thereof. 
 Portfolio Turnover means, as of any Cut-Off 
Date, an amount equal to the product of (i) (A) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables as of such Cut-Off Date divided by (B) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of Receivables generated
by the Originators during the Calculation Period including such Cut-Off Date, multiplied by (ii) 30. 
 Prime Rate means, for any day for any Purchaser, a rate per annum equal to the prime
rate of interest announced from time to time by the related Purchaser Agent (which is not necessarily the lowest rate charged to any customer), changing when and as said prime rate changes. 
 Proposed Reduction Date has the meaning set forth in
 Section 1.3 . Purchase means an Incremental
Purchase or a Reinvestment. Purchase Date means each Business Day on
which a Purchase is made hereunder. Purchase Notice has the meaning set forth in
 Section 1.2 . Purchase Price means, with respect to any
Incremental Purchase of a Receivable Interest, the amount paid to Seller for such Receivable Interest which shall not exceed the least of (i) the amount requested by Seller in the applicable Purchase Notice, (ii) the unused portion of the
Maximum Purchase Limit on the applicable Purchase Date and (iii) the excess, if any, of the Net Pool Balance less the Required Reserve on the applicable Purchase Date over the aggregate outstanding amount of Aggregate Invested Amount determined
as of the date of the most recent Settlement Report, without taking into account such proposed Incremental Purchase. 
 Purchased Assets means all of Seller s right, title and interest,
whether now owned and existing or hereafter arising in and to all of the Receivables, the Related Security, the Collections and all proceeds of the foregoing. 
 Purchaser means each Uncommitted Purchaser and/or each Related Committed Purchaser, as
applicable. Purchaser Agent means each Person acting as agent on behalf of a
Purchaser Group and designated as a Purchaser Agent for such Purchaser Group on the signature pages to the Agreement or any other Person who becomes a party to this Agreement as a Purchaser Agent pursuant to an Assumption Agreement or a Transfer
Supplement. Purchaser Group means, for each Purchaser Agent, the Uncommitted
Purchaser (if any) and Related Committed Purchasers (if any) (and, to the extent applicable, its related Funding Sources and Indemnified Parties) identified as a Purchaser Group for purposes of this Agreement. 
 I-25 

Purchasers 
Portion means, on any date of determination, the sum of the percentages represented by the Receivable Interests of the Purchasers. 
 Purchasing Related Committed Purchaser has the meaning set forth in
 Section 12.1(c) . Ratable Share means, for each Purchaser
Group, such Purchaser Group s Group Commitments divided by the aggregate Group Commitments of all Purchaser Groups. 
 Rebilled Receivables means any Receivable that arises from the crediting and
 re-billing of an existing Receivable. 
 Receivable means all indebtedness and other obligations owed to Seller or any Originator
(at the time it arises, and before giving effect to any transfer or conveyance under the Receivables Sale Agreement) or in which Seller or an Originator has a security interest or other interest, including, without limitation, any indebtedness,
obligation or interest constituting an account, chattel paper, instrument or general intangible, arising in connection with the sale of goods or the rendering of services by an Originator, and further includes, without limitation, the obligation to
pay any Finance Charges (if any) with respect thereto. Indebtedness and other rights and obligations arising from any one transaction, including, without limitation, indebtedness and other rights and obligations represented by an individual invoice,
shall constitute a Receivable separate from a Receivable consisting of the indebtedness and other rights and obligations arising from any other transaction; provided that any indebtedness, rights or obligations referred to in the
immediately preceding sentence shall be a Receivable regardless of whether the account debtor or Seller treats such indebtedness, rights or obligations as a separate payment obligation. 
 Receivable Interest means, at any time, an undivided percentage ownership interest
(computed as set forth below) associated with a designated amount of Invested Amount, selected pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof in (i) each Receivable arising prior to the time of the most recent computation or recomputation of such
undivided interest, (ii) all Related Security with respect to each such Receivable, and (iii) all Collections with respect to, and other proceeds of, each such Receivable. Each such undivided percentage interest shall equal: 

where: 
 IA = the Invested Amount of such Receivable Interest. 
 AIA = the Aggregate Invested Amount. 
 NPB = the Net Pool Balance. RR =
the Required Reserve. 
 I-26 

Such undivided percentage ownership interest shall be initially computed on its date of purchase.
Thereafter, until the Facility Termination Date, each Receivable Interest shall be automatically recomputed (or deemed to be recomputed) on each day prior to the Facility Termination Date. The variable percentage represented by any Receivable
Interest as computed (or deemed recomputed) as of the close of the Business Day immediately preceding the Facility Termination Date shall remain constant at all times thereafter. 
 Receivables Purchase Agreement means this Agreement. 
 Receivables Sale Agreement means that certain Receivables Sale Agreement, dated as of
the date hereof, among each Originator and the Seller, as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms. 
 Recipient has the meaning set forth in Section 1.6 . 
 Records means, with respect to any Receivable, all Contracts and other documents, books,
records and other information (including, without limitation, computer programs, tapes, disks, punch cards, data processing software and related property and rights) relating to such Receivable, any Related Security therefor and the related Obligor.
 Recourse Obligations has the meaning set forth in
 Section 2.1 . Reduction Notice has the meaning set forth
in Section 1.3 . 
 Reference
Time means, with respect to any
setting of the then-current Benchmark means
(1) if such Benchmark is the LIBO Rate, 11:00
a.m. (London time) on the day that is two London banking days preceding the date of such setting or (2) if such Benchmark is not the LIBO Rate, the time determined by the Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Regulatory Change means, after the date of this Agreement (i) adoption
of any United States (federal, state or municipal) or foreign laws, regulations (including any applicable law, rule or regulation regarding capital adequacy) or accounting principles, (ii) the adoption or making of any interpretations,
guidance, directives or requests of or under any United States (federal, state or municipal) or foreign laws, regulations (whether or not having the force of law) or accounting principles by any court, governmental or monetary authority, or
accounting board or authority (whether or not part of government) charged with the establishment, interpretation or administration thereof or (iii) the compliance, implementation or application by any Funding Source, Indemnified Party or
Purchaser of any of the foregoing clauses (i) or (ii) . For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any interpretation of, or compliance, implementation or application by, whether
commenced prior to or after the date hereof, any Funding Source, Indemnified Party or Purchaser with any of the following existing laws, including any rules, regulations, guidance, directives or requests issued in connection therewith (whether or
not having the force of law), shall constitute a Regulatory Change: (a) FAS 140 or FIN 46R by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, Statements of Financial Accounting Standards Nos. 166 and 167; (b) the final rule titled Risk-Based Capital
Guidelines: Capital Adequacy Guidelines; Capital Maintenance; Regulatory Capital; Impact of Modifications to Generally Accepted Accounting Principles; Consolidation of Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Programs; and Other Related Issues, adopted by the
United States bank 
 I-27 

regulatory agencies on December 15, 2009, (c) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act adopted by Congress on July 21, 2010 and (d) the revised Basel Accord
prepared by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision as set out in the publication entitled International Convergence of Capital Measurements and Capital Standards: a Revised Framework, as updated from time to time (including, without
limitation, the Basel II and Basel III). Reinvestment has the meaning set forth in
 Section 2.2 . Related Committed Purchaser means each Person listed as a
 Committed Purchaser or Related Committed Purchaser for a specified Uncommitted Purchaser, as set forth on the signature pages of the Agreement or in any Assumption Agreement or Transfer Supplement (and specifying its
respective commitment). Related Security means, with respect to any Receivable:
 (i) all security or other interests in the inventory and goods (including returned or repossessed inventory or goods), if
any, the sale of which by an Originator gave rise to such Receivable, and all insurance contracts with respect thereto, 
 (ii) all other security interests or liens and property subject thereto from time to time, if any, purporting to secure payment
of such Receivable, whether pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise, together with all financing statements and security agreements describing any collateral securing such Receivable, 
 (iii) all guaranties, letters of credit, insurance and other agreements or arrangements of whatever character from time to time
supporting or securing payment of such Receivable whether pursuant to the Contract related to such Receivable or otherwise, 
 (iv) all service contracts and other contracts and agreements associated with such Receivable, 
 (v) all Records related to such Receivable, 
 (vi) all of Seller s right, title and interest in, to and under the Receivables Sale Agreement in respect of such
Receivable and all of Seller s right, title and interest in, to and under the Performance Undertaking with respect thereto, and 
 (vii) all proceeds of any of the foregoing. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New
York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or
the regulations thereunder, other than any such event for which the 30-day notice requirement under ERISA has been waived in regulations issued by the PBGC. 
 I-28 

Required Purchaser Agents means, at
any time, Purchaser Agents representing Purchasers whose Commitments aggregate more than 50 of the aggregate of the Commitments of all Purchasers; provided that, at any time there are two Purchaser Agents, Required Purchaser
Agents shall mean each Purchaser Agent. Required Reserve means,
on any day during a Calculation Period, (i) the greater of (a) the sum of the Loss Reserve Floor, the Dilution Reserve Floor Percentage, the Yield Reserve Percentage, and Servicing Reserve Percentage and (b) the sum of the Dynamic
Loss Reserve Percentage, the Dynamic Dilution Reserve Percentage, the Yield Reserve Percentage, and the Servicing Reserve Percentage, multiplied by (ii) the Net Pool Balance as of such date. 
 Responsible Officer shall mean, with respect to the Seller, the Servicer, any Originator
or the Performance Guarantor, the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, president, corporate controller, principal financial officer or treasurer of such Person, or any other Person agreed to by the Agent. 
 Restricted Junior Payment means (i) any dividend or other distribution, direct or
indirect, on account of any shares of any class of capital stock of Seller now or hereafter outstanding, except a dividend payable solely in shares of that class of stock or in any junior class of stock of Seller, (ii) any redemption,
retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any shares of any class of capital stock of Seller now or hereafter outstanding, (iii) any payment or prepayment of principal of,
premium, if any, or interest, fees or other charges on or with respect to, and any redemption, purchase, retirement, defeasance, sinking fund or similar payment and any claim for rescission with respect to the Subordinated Loans (as defined in the
Receivables Sale Agreement), (iv) any payment made to redeem, purchase, repurchase or retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares of any class of capital stock of Seller now or hereafter
outstanding, and (v) any payment of management fees by Seller (except for reasonable management fees to any Originator or its Affiliates in reimbursement of actual management services performed). 
 S P means Standard and Poor s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw Hill
Companies, Inc. Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country or territory which is the
subject or target of any Sanctions, including on the
 Fifth Eighth 
 Amendment Date, Cuba, Crimea (Ukraine) the Crimea Region, the Donetsk
People s
 Republic and the so-called Luhansk People s Republic regions of Ukraine , Iran, North Korea and Syria. 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person currently the subject or the target of any
Sanctions, including any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury OFAC (or any successor thereto) or the
U.S. Department of State, or as otherwise published from time to time; (b) that is fifty-percent or more owned, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate by one or more Persons described in clause (a) above; (c) that is operating, organized
or resident in a Sanctioned Country; (d) with whom engaging in trade, business or other activities is otherwise prohibited or restricted by Sanctions; or (e) (i) an agency of the government of a Sanctioned Country, (ii) an
organization controlled by a Sanctioned Country, or (iii) a Person resident in a Sanctioned Country, to the extent subject to a sanctions program administered by OFAC. 
 I-29 

Sanctions means the laws, rules, regulations and
executive orders promulgated or administered to implement economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time (a) by the United States government, including those administered by OFAC, the US
State Department, the US Department of Commerce or the US Department of the Treasury, (b) by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or (c) by other relevant sanctions
authorities to the extent compliance with the sanctions imposed by such other authorities would not entail a violation of applicable law. 
 Scheduled Facility Termination Date means October 18,
2024 December 15,
 2025 ; provided that the Seller may, with the prior written consent of the Agent and each Purchaser, extend the then existing Scheduled Facility Termination Date for a term of one year by
providing written notice to the Agent 60 days prior to the then existing Scheduled Facility Termination Date of its request to extend the then existing Scheduled Facility Termination Date for one year. For the avoidance of doubt, electronic mail
constitutes written notice for the purposes of this definition. Schein has the
meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. Secured Parties means the
Indemnified Parties. Seller has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this
Agreement. Seller Parties has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this
Agreement. Servicer means, at any time, the Person (which may be the Agent) then
authorized pursuant to Article VIII to service, administer and collect the Receivables. Servicing
Fee means, for each day in a Calculation Period, an amount equal to (i) the Servicing Fee Rate times (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Balance of all Receivables at the close of business on the Cut-Off Date immediately preceding such Calculation Period, times (iii) 1/360. 
 Servicing Fee Rate means 1.0 per annum. 
 Servicing Reserve Percentage means, at any time, a percentage equal to the product of
(i) the Servicing Fee Rate divided by 360 and (ii) the highest Portfolio Turnover over the most recent 12-months . 
 Settlement Date means (i) each Specified Settlement Date, (ii) the 2 nd Business Day after each Settlement Reporting Date that is not a Specified Settlement Reporting Date and (iii) the Facility Termination Date. 
 Settlement Report means a report, in substantially the form of Exhibit VI hereto
(appropriately completed), together with the electronic backup data which is part of the spreadsheet that creates such report, furnished by the Servicer to the Agent and each Purchaser Agent pursuant to Section 8.5 . 
 I-30 

Settlement Reporting Date means the 21 st day immediately following the most recent Cut-Off Date (or if any such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day thereafter), including each
Specified Settlement Reporting Date, or such other days of any month as may be required, or as Agent or any Purchaser Agent may request, in connection with Section 8.5 . 
 SOFR means , with respect to any
Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day
published as administered by the SOFR
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day . 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight
financing rate). SOFR Administrator s Website means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to
time. Specified Calculation
Period means each accounting month specified in Part 2 of Exhibit XIV . 
 Specified Cut-Off Date means the last day of a
Specified Calculation Period. Specified Settlement Date means the 3 rd Business Day after each Specified Settlement Reporting Date. 
 Specified Settlement Reporting Date means the 21 st day immediately following the most recent Specified Cut-Off Date (or if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day thereafter). 
 Sub-Servicer has the meaning set forth in
 Section 8.1(b) . Subsidiary of a Person means (i) any corporation
more than 50 of the outstanding securities having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or by one or more of its Subsidiaries or by such Person and one or more of its
Subsidiaries, or (ii) any partnership, association, limited liability company, joint venture or similar business organization more than 50 of the ownership interests having ordinary voting power of which shall at the time be so owned or
controlled. TD Bank means The Toronto Dominion Bank in its individual capacity and its successors. 
 TD Bank Purchaser Group means the Purchaser Group with GTA Funding LLC, as a Conduit Purchaser and an Uncommitted
Purchaser, TD Bank, as a Related Committed Purchaser and TD Bank, as Purchaser Agent. 
 I-31 

Term SOFR means, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, 
the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
 Term SOFR
Notice means a notification by
the Agent to the Purchasers, Purchaser Agents and the Seller of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event. 
 (a)
 for any calculation with respect to any Receivable
Interest for which the Yield Rate is calculated by reference to Term SOFR (other than pursuant to clause
(i) of the definition of Alternate
 Base
Rate ),
 the sum of the Term SOFR Credit Spread Adjustment plus the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one
(1) month on the day (such day, the Periodic
 Term SOFR Determination Day that is two
(2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such
rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term
SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 
 (b)
 for any calculation with respect to any Receivable
Interest for which the Yield Rate is calculated by reference to Term SOFR pursuant to clause (i) of the
definition of
 Alternate
 Base
Rate ,
 the sum of the Term SOFR Credit Spread Adjustment plus the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the
 Alternate
 Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two
(2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term
SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Alternate Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator
and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government
Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Alternate Base Rate SOFR Determination Day; 
 provided,
further, that if Term SOFR determined as provided above (including pursuant to the proviso under clause
(a) or clause
(b) above) shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the
Floor. Term
SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate
selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 I-32 

Term SOFR Credit Spread Adjustment means
 0.10 . Term SOFR Transition Event means the determination by the Agent that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental
Body, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the Agent and
 (c) a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not in the case of an Other Benchmark Rate Election), has
previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 4.5 that is not Term
SOFR. Reference Rate means
 the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR . 
 Termination Date means the earliest to occur of (i) the day on which any of the
conditions precedent set forth in Section 6.2 are not satisfied, (ii) the Business Day immediately prior to the occurrence of an Event of Bankruptcy with respect to any Seller Party, (iii) the Business Day
specified in a written notice from the Agent following the occurrence of any other Termination Event, and (iv) the date which is 60 days after the Agent s receipt of written notice from Seller that it wishes to terminate the facility
evidenced by this Agreement. Termination Event has the meaning specified in
 Section 9.1 . Transaction Documents means, collectively, this Agreement,
each Purchase Notice, the Receivables Sale Agreement, each Collection Account Agreement, the Performance Undertaking, the Fee Letters, each Subordinated Note (as defined in the Receivables Sale Agreement), the Account Disclosure Letter and all other
instruments, documents and agreements executed and delivered in connection herewith by any of the Seller Parties. 
 Transfer Supplement has the meaning set forth in
 Section 12.1(c) . 
 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means
 any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or
(c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in the specified jurisdiction.
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 Uncommitted Purchaser means each financial institution or commercial paper conduit that
is a party to the Agreement, or that becomes a party to the Agreement, as an Uncommitted Purchaser . 
 Unmatured Termination Event means an event which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, or
both, would constitute a Termination Event. Volcker Rule means Section 13 of the U.S. Bank
Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
 I-33 

Yield means for each Interest Period relating to a
Receivable Interest funded through a Bank Funding, an amount equal to the product of the applicable Yield Rate for such Receivable Interest multiplied by the Invested Amount of such Receivable Interest for each day elapsed during such Interest
Period, annualized on a 360 day basis. Yield Rate means, at any time, with respect to each
Receivable Interest funded through a Bank Funding, the applicable Bank Rate on such day plus the Applicable Spread; provided that , from and after the occurrence of a Termination Event, the Yield Rate shall be the Default Rate. 
 Yield Reserve Percentage means, at any time, a percentage equal to the
product of (i) the Prime Rate as of such date divided by 360, (ii) 1.5 and (iii) the highest Portfolio Turnover over the most recent 12-months. 
 All accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP. All terms used in Article 9 of the UCC
in the State of New York, and not specifically defined herein, are used herein as defined in such Article 9. 
 I-34 

Exhibit XV 
 PURCHASER GROUPS (see
table attached below) 

Purchaser Group: 
 MUFG Purchaser Group 
 Conduit Purchaser and Uncommitted Purchaser: 
 Victory Receivables Corporation 
 Address: 
 Victory Receivables Corporation c/o Global Securitization
Services, LLC 114 West 47th Street, Suite 2310 New York, New York 10036 
 Attention: Frank B. Bilotta Telephone: (212) 295-2777 Facsimile: (212)
 302-8767 With a copy to: 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 
 1251 Avenue of the Americas, 12 th Floor New York, New York 10020-1104 
 Attention: Securitization Department 
 Telephone: (212) 782-6957 Facsimile: (212) 782-6448 
 Related Committed Purchaser: 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 
 Address: 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 1251 Avenue of the Americas, 12 th Floor New York, New York 10020-1104 
 Attention: Securitization Department Telephone: (212) 782-6957 Facsimile: (212) 782-6448 
 
 Purchaser Group Commitment: 
 300,000,000 

Purchaser Agent: 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 
 Address: 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 1251 Avenue of the Americas, 12 th Floor New York, New York 10020-1104 
 Attention: Securitization Department Telephone: (212) 782-6957 Facsimile: (212) 782-6448 

Purchaser Group: 
 TD Bank Purchaser Group 
 Conduit Purchaser and Uncommitted Purchaser 
 GTA Funding LLC 
 Address: 
 GTA Funding LLC 
 68 South Service Road, Suite 120 
 Melville, NY 11747 
 With a copy to: 
 The Toronto-Dominion Bank 
 130 Adelaide Street West 
 12th Floor 
 Toronto, ON, M5H 3P5 
 Attention: ASG Asset Securitization 
 Email: asgoperations@tdsecurities.com 
 Related Committed Purchaser: 
 The Toronto Dominion Bank 
 Address: 
 The Toronto-Dominion Bank 
 130 Adelaide Street West 
 12th Floor 
 Toronto, ON, M5H 3P5 
 Attention: ASG Asset Securitization 
 Email: asgoperations@tdsecurities.com 
 
 Purchaser Group Commitment: 
 150,000,000 

Purchaser Agent: 
 The Toronto Dominion Bank 
 Address: 
 The Toronto-Dominion Bank 
 130 Adelaide Street West 
 12th Floor 
 Toronto, ON, M5H 3P5 
 Attention: ASG Asset Securitization 
 Email: asgoperations@tdsecurities.com 

Purchasers Total Commitment: 
 450,000,000 

</EX-10.45>

<EX-21.1>
 11
 exhibit211.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

HTML 

Exhibit 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 

Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization 

ACE Surgical Supply Co., Inc. 1 
 
 Massachusetts 
 
 BioHorizons, Inc. 2 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Camlog USA, Inc. 3 
 
 Delaware 
 
 eAssist, Inc. 4 
 
 Wyoming 
 
 Exan Enterprises Inc. 5 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Handpiece Parts Repairs, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Henry Schein (Lancaster, PA) Inc. 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Henry Schein Europe, Inc. 6 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Henry Schein Global Sourcing,
Inc. 7 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Henry Schein Latin America Pacific Rim,
Inc. 8 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Henry Schein Medical Systems, Inc. 
 
 Ohio 
 
 Henry Schein PPT, Inc. 
 
 Wisconsin 
 
 Henry Schein Practice Solutions
Inc. 9 
 
 Utah 
 
 Henry Schein Puerto Rico, Inc. 
 
 Puerto Rico 
 
 Henry Schein Supply, Inc. 
 
 New York 
 
 HS Brand Management, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 HS TM Holdings, LLC 10 
 
 Delaware 
 
 HSFR, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 HSI RE I, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Insource, Inc. 
 
 Virginia 
 
 Prism Medical Products, L.L.C. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Project Helium Holdings, LLC 11 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Project Spartan Holdings Corp. 12 
 
 Delaware 
 
 RxWorks, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 S S Discount, Inc. 13 
 
 Delaware 
 
 SG Healthcare Corp. 14 
 
 Delaware 
 
 TDSC, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Toy Products Corp. 15 
 
 Delaware 

1 
 ACE Surgical Supply Co., Inc. is the parent company of two consolidated, majority-owned subsidiaries, SAS
Holdco, Inc. and Southern Anesthesia Surgical, Inc., both of which operate in the health care manufacturing and/or distribution industry in the United States. 

2 
 BioHorizons, Inc. is the parent company of 14 consolidated, wholly-owned subsidiaries, seven of which operate
in the dental implant and distribution industries in the United States and seven which operate in the dental implant and distribution industries outside the United States. BioHorizons, Inc. is also the parent company of a consolidated,
majority-owned subsidiary, BioHorizons Camlog Italia SRL, which operates in the dental implant and distribution industry outside the United States. 

3 
 Camlog USA, Inc. is the parent company of two consolidated, wholly-owned subsidiaries, one of which operates in
the health care distribution industry in the United States and one of which operates a financial support services business for health care practitioners in and outside of the United States. 

4 
 eAssist, Inc. is the parent company of the following four consolidated, majority-owned subsidiaries, all of
which operate to provide consulting and educational services in the dental industry in the United States: eAssist Consulting, LLC; eAssist Publishing, LLC, eAssist University, LLC, and Unitas PPO Solutions, LLC. 

5 
 Exan Enterprises Inc. is the parent company of one consolidated, wholly-owned subsidiary which operates in the
dental management software industry in the United States. 

6 
 Henry Schein Europe, Inc. is the parent company of 64 consolidated, wholly-owned subsidiaries, six of which
operate in the health care distribution industry in the United States and 58 of which operate in the health care distribution industry outside the United States. Henry Schein Europe, Inc. is also the parent company of the following 13 consolidated,
majority-owned subsidiaries, all of which operate in the health care distribution industry outside the United States: BA Dental Europa, S.A.U.; Cliniclands AB, Dental Trey S.r.l.; Henry Schein Dental Warehouse (PTY) Ltd.; Henry Schein Espa a,
S.L.; Henry Schein Medical S.L.U.; Henry Schein Portugal, Unipessoal LDA; Infomed Servicios Inform ticos, S.L.; Marrodent Sp. Z o.o.; Medentis Medical GmbH; Mega Dental SNC; Newshelf 1223 Proprietary Limited; Servimed T cnicos, S.L.U.
and Spain Dental Express S.A.U. 

7 
 Henry Schein Global Sourcing, Inc. is the parent company of one consolidated, wholly-owned subsidiary which
provides health care regulatory and operational services outside of the United States. 

8 
 Henry Schein Latin America Pacific Rim, Inc. is the parent, holding company of 12 consolidated, wholly-owned
subsidiaries, three of which operate in the health care distribution industry in the United States and nine of which operate in the health care distribution industry outside of the United States. Henry Schein Latin America Pacific Rim, Inc. is also
the parent company of the following 24 consolidated, majority-owned subsidiaries, all of which operate in the health care distribution industry outside the United States: Accord Corporation Limited; Adaam Pty Ltd.; Adaam Unit Trust; Alta-Dent
Corporation; BA Pro Repair Ltd.; CB Healthcare Consulting Pty Ltd.; De Healthcare Limited; Hangzhou Lixue Henry Schein Medical Instrument Co., Ltd.; Henry Schein China Management Co. Ltd.; Henry Schein China Services Limited; Henry Schein Hemao
Guangzhou Medical Device Co., Ltd.; Henry Schein Hong Kong Limited; Henry Schein Jiahu (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.; Henry Schein Regional Limited; Henry Schein Regional Pty Ltd as the Trustee for the Henry Schein Regional Trust; Henry Schein Regional Trust;
Henry Schein Shvadent (2009) Ltd.; Henry Schein Sunshine (Beijing) Medical Device Co. Ltd.; Henry Schein Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.; Medi-Consumables PTY Limited; Ningbo Buyinghall Medical Equipment Co., Ltd.; Pacific Dental Specialties
Limited; Wuhan Hongchang Henry Schein Dental Instrument Co., Ltd. and Zhengzhou Yifeng Henry Schein Dental Instrument Co., Ltd. 

9 
 Henry Schein Practice Solutions Inc. is the parent company of 22 consolidated, wholly-owned subsidiaries, two
of which operate in the digital dental products and solutions industry in the United States and 20 of which operate in the digital dental products and solutions industry outside the United States. Henry Schein Practice Solutions Inc. is also the
parent company of Henry Schein One, LLC and Lighthouse 360, Inc., consolidated, majority-owned subsidiaries, which operate in the digital dental products and solutions industry within and outside of the United States. Additionally, Henry Schein
Practice Solutions Inc. is the parent company of the following 15 consolidated, majority-owned subsidiaries, all of which operate in the digital dental products and solutions industry outside the United States: Axium Solutions ULC; LSI S.A.; Elite
Computer Italia S.r.l.; Henry Schein One Australia; Henry Schein One New Zealand; Infomed Software, S.L.; HSLC Participa es S.A.; Julie Solutions SAS; Kopfwerk Datensysteme GmbH; Orisline Espana S.L.; Orisline Portugal Unipessoal Lda;
Quantity Servi os e Com rcio de Produtos para a Sa de S.A.; Simples Dental Software S.A.; Software of Excellence Practice Solutions Co peratief U.A. and Software of Excellence United Kingdom Limited. 

10 
 HS TM Holdings, LLC is the parent, holding company of one consolidated, wholly-owned subsidiary which operates
in the health care industry in the United States. 

11 
 Project Helium Holdings, LLC is the parent, holding company of one consolidated, wholly-owned subsidiary which
operates in the dental handpiece repair and sales industry in the United States. 

12 
 Project Spartan Holdings Corp. is the parent, holding company of two consolidated, wholly-owned subsidiaries,
each of which operate in the health care industry in the United States. Project Spartan Holdings Corp. is also the parent, holding company of the following six consolidated, majority-owned subsidiaries, all of which operate in the health care
distribution and/or healthcare education and training industries in the United States: NAR (HSI) Holdings, LLC; NAR Blocker, Inc.; NAR Training, LLC; North American Rescue Holdings, LLC; North American Rescue, LLC and NAR Medical Depot, LLC.

13 
 S S Discount Supply, Inc. is the parent, holding company of the following three consolidated,
majority-owned subsidiaries, each of which operate in the dental manufacturing and/or distribution industry in the United States: Ortho Organizers Holdings, Inc., Ortho Organizers, Inc. and Ortho Technology, Inc. 

14 
 SG Healthcare Corp. is the parent, holding company of six consolidated, wholly-owned subsidiaries, five of
which operate in the health care distribution industry in the United States, and one of which operates in the health care distribution industry outside of the United States. 

15 
 Toy Products Corp. is the parent, holding company of Sherman Specialty LLC, a consolidated, majority-owned
subsidiary which distributes toys to dental and medical offices in the United States. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 12
 exhibit231.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

HTML 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Henry Schein, Inc. Melville, NY 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-253633, 333-212994, 333-192788, 333-171400, 
 333-164360, 333-111914, 333-91778, 333-35144, 
 333-39893, 333-33193, and 333-05453) of Henry Schein, Inc. of our reports dated February 21, 2023, relating to the
consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of Henry Schein, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting, which appear in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 
 
 New York, NY 
 February 21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 13
 exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

HTML 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Stanley M.
Bergman, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Henry Schein, Inc. (the
 registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 21, 2023 

/s/ Stanley M. Bergman 

Stanley M. Bergman 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 14
 exhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

HTML 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Ronald N.
South, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Henry Schein, Inc. (the
 registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: February 21, 2023 

/s/ Ronald N. South 

Ronald N. South 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 15
 exhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

HTML 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Henry Schein, Inc. (the Company for the period ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stanley M. Bergman, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Ronald N. South, Senior Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, do hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief that: 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: February 21, 2023 

/s/ Stanley M. Bergman 

Stanley M. Bergman 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: February 21, 2023 

/s/ Ronald N. South 

Ronald N. South 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 This certification accompanies each Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not,
except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be
retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

