<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_203596_0000950170-23-004507.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>64062123</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>513067</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3701119</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>37071168</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5313274</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>15499632</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-004507.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227102810
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-004507
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		158
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WESBANCO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000203596
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				550571723
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39442
		FILM NUMBER:		23670865

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 BANK PLAZA
		CITY:			WHEELING
		STATE:			WV
		ZIP:			26003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3042349000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE BANK PLZ
		CITY:			WHEELING
		STATE:			WV
		ZIP:			26003

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-004507.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 wsbc-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

WEST VIRGINIA 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each Exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act.) Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s outstanding voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2022, determined using a per share closing price on that date of 31.71, was . 
 As of February 15, 2023, there were shares of Wesbanco, Inc. common stock 2.0833 par value per share, outstanding. 

WESBANCO, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ITEM # 
 
 ITEM 
 
 Page No. 

Part I 

1 
 
 Business 
 
 3 - 13 

1A 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 14 - 24 

1B 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 24 

2 
 
 Properties 
 
 25 

3 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 25 

4 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 25 

Part II 

5 
 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 26 - 27 

6 
 
 Reserved 
 
 27 

7 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 28 - 65 

7A 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 66 - 67 

8 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 68 - 132 

9 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 133 

9A 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 133 

9B 
 
 Other Information 
 
 133 

9C 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 133 

Part III 

10 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 134 

11 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 134 

12 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 134 

13 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 134 

14 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 134 

Part IV 

15 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 135 

16 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 135 

Signatures 
 
 140 

2 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 GENERAL 
 Wesbanco, Inc. Wesbanco or the Company ), a bank holding company incorporated in 1968 and headquartered in Wheeling, West Virginia, offers a full range of financial services including retail banking, corporate banking, personal and corporate trust services, brokerage services, mortgage banking and insurance. Wesbanco offers these services through two reportable segments, community banking and trust and investment services. For additional information regarding Wesbanco s business segments, please refer to Note 23, Business Segments in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Wesbanco operated one commercial bank: Wesbanco Bank, Inc. Wesbanco Bank or the Bank ). The Bank has 194 branches and 188 ATM machines located in West Virginia, Ohio, western Pennsylvania, Kentucky, southern Indiana and Maryland. Total assets of Wesbanco as of December 31, 2022 approximated 16.9 billion. Wesbanco Bank also offers trust and investment services and various alternative investment products including mutual funds and annuities. The market value of assets under management of the trust and investment services segment is approximately 4.9 billion as of December 31, 2022. These assets are held by Wesbanco Bank in fiduciary or agency capacities for its customers and therefore are not included as assets on Wesbanco s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Wesbanco also offers additional services through its non-banking subsidiaries: 
 Wesbanco Insurance Services, Inc. Wesbanco Insurance ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Wesbanco Bank, is a multi-line insurance agency specializing in property, casualty, life and title insurance, with benefit plan sales and administration for personal and commercial clients. 
 Wesbanco Securities, Inc. Wesbanco Securities is a full service broker-dealer, which also offers discount brokerage services. 
 Wesbanco Asset Management, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Wesbanco Bank, holds certain investment securities and loans in a Delaware-based subsidiary. 
 Wesbanco Properties, Inc. holds certain commercial real estate properties. The commercial property is leased to Wesbanco Bank and to certain non-related third parties. 
 Kentuckiana Real Estate Holdings, LLC, and Southern Indiana Real Estate Holdings, LLC, are Indiana and Kentucky-based limited liability corporations that hold certain real estate properties in those markets. In addition, FAH, LLC, WSB Realty, LLC and Flagship Acquisitions Trust, which were acquired in the Old Line Bancshares, Inc. OLBK acquisition and are Maryland limited liability corporations, hold certain real estate properties located in the Maryland area. Each of these entities is a wholly owned subsidiary of Wesbanco Bank. 
 CBIN Insurance Inc. is a captive insurance company, which issues policies to Wesbanco s banking subsidiaries for certain risks that are not covered by the Company s commercial insurances policies purchased from third-party carriers. It is in the process of winding up its business activities and is expected to be dissolved over the next 12 to 18 months. 
 Wesbanco has eleven capital trusts, which are all wholly-owned trust subsidiaries formed for the purpose of issuing trust preferred securities Trust Preferred Securities and lending the proceeds to Wesbanco. For more information regarding Wesbanco s issuance of Trust Preferred Securities, please refer to Note 10, Subordinated Debt and Junior Subordinated Debt in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 AMSCO, Inc. AMSCO is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Wesbanco Bank, which formerly engaged in the management of certain real estate development and construction of 1-4 family residential units. It is in the process of winding up its business activities and will be dissolved. 
 Wesbanco Bank s Investment Department also serves as investment adviser to a family of mutual funds, namely the WesMark Funds. The fund family is comprised of the WesMark Large Company Fund, the WesMark Balanced Fund, the WesMark Small Company Fund, the WesMark Government Bond Fund, the WesMark West Virginia Municipal Bond Fund, and the WesMark Tactical Opportunity Fund. 
 As of December 31, 2022, none of Wesbanco s subsidiaries were engaged in any operations in foreign countries, and only one had any transactions with customers in foreign countries. The Bank also provides letters of credit internationally for certain domestic customers and provides international wire services through a third-party correspondent bank. 
 WEBSITE ACCESS TO WESBANCO S FILINGS WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 All of Wesbanco s electronic filings for 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed or furnished 
 3 

pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, are made available at no cost on Wesbanco s website, www.wesbanco.com, through the Investors link as soon as reasonably practicable after Wesbanco files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. Wesbanco s SEC filings are also available through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Wesbanco routinely posts important information on the Company's website in the Investors section. Wesbanco may also use its website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investors section of the website in addition to following Wesbanco's press releases. SEC filings, public conference calls, presentations and webcasts. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, Wesbanco's website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Upon written request of any shareholder of record on December 31, 2022, Wesbanco will provide, without charge, a printed copy of this 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, including financial statements and schedules, as required to be filed with the SEC. To obtain a copy of this report, contact: John Iannone, Wesbanco, Inc., 1 Bank Plaza, Wheeling, West Virginia 26003 (304) 905-7021. 
 HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 At December 31, 2022, we employed 2,426 full-time equivalent employees. At that date, the average tenure of all of our full-time employees was approximately 10 years while the average tenure of our executive officers was over 16 years. None of our employees are represented by collective bargaining agreements. We believe our relations with our employees are very good. The safety and care of our employees and their families as well as their communities is paramount for us. 
 Of our total employees, 9.6 or 232 were minorities with 82, or 35.3 of those officers. Of our 1,117 total officers, 598 or 53.6 were women. Our turnover rate for 2022 was 18.98 . Our turnover rate for officers was just 9.13 for 2022. 
 Our corporate culture has been established by senior management and overseen by our board of directors. Built upon our Better Banking Pledge and our Service Support Pledge , our culture, which is both customer and employee-centric, is focused on growing long-term relationships by pledging to serve all personal and business customer needs efficiently and effectively while treating our employees with dignity and respect. In 2022, Wesbanco completed its first annual employee engagement survey with preliminary positive results. 
 Wesbanco has been a leader in its communities for over 150 years, and we want to continue to take a leadership role by noting our stance for equality. We are a group of diverse backgrounds and ethnicities, and share the same values of dignity and respect for our co-workers, customers, and fellow community members. We have been able to enhance our diversification through the retention of many of the employees we have acquired through our acquisition strategy who bring a strong skill set and a diverse background. Wesbanco ensures diversity in our workforce representation by reflecting the makeup of the community it serves. 
 Wesbanco believes in open, honest discussion. In addition to our Women s Symposium, which has been held for over 4 years, we have added a Diversity and Inclusion Forum as an added resource and a positive catalyst for how we conduct business. These inclusive programs focus on facilitating educational opportunities, sharing experiences, networking with management, and partnering with mentors. The goal is to ignite and support a passion for our employees to find both personal and professional success. Both initiatives include board, management and staff participants. 
 In addition, we have engaged in leadership training for senior and middle management supervisors. We annually assess talent through a specific Talent Development Program to identify, promote and build development plans among multiple levels of management. These efforts have resulted in Wesbanco being designated as one of the best workplaces in several markets, including Columbus and Western Pennsylvania. 
 Our hope is that this not only helps us evolve and grow as a company but that it also spreads to all of our other community efforts. In fact, during the past year alone, Wesbanco has made over 1.2 million of philanthropic donations in support of our communities across our footprint. Further, our employees are equally generous, providing technical assistance services and financial education to non-profit organizations and area schools that resulted in nearly 11,700 volunteer hours in 2022. 
 COMPETITION 
 Competition in the form of price and service from other banks, including local, regional and national banks and financial companies such as savings and loan companies, internet banks, payday lenders, money services businesses, credit unions, finance companies, brokerage firms and other non-banking companies providing various regulated and non-regulated financial services and products, is intense in most of the markets served by Wesbanco and its subsidiaries. Wesbanco s trust and investment services segment receives competition from commercial banks, trust companies, mutual fund companies, investment advisory firms, law firms, brokerage firms, and other financial services companies. As a result of consolidation within the financial services industry, mergers between, and the expansion of, financial institutions both within and outside of Wesbanco s major markets have provided significant competitive pressure in those markets. Many of Wesbanco s competitors have greater resources and, as such, may have higher lending limits and may offer other products and services that are not provided by Wesbanco. Wesbanco generally competes on the basis of superior customer service and responsiveness to customer needs, available loan and deposit products, rates of interest charged on loans, rates of interest paid for deposits, and the availability and pricing of trust, brokerage and insurance services. As a result of Wesbanco s expansion into certain larger metropolitan markets, it has faced entrenched larger bank competitors with an already existing 
 4 

customer base that may far exceed Wesbanco s initial entry position into those markets. As a result, Wesbanco may be forced to compete more aggressively for loans, deposits, trust and insurance products to grow its market share, potentially reducing its current and future profit potential from such markets. 
 SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
 As a bank holding company and a financial holding company under federal law, Wesbanco is subject to supervision and examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Federal Reserve Board under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA ), and is required to file with the Federal Reserve Board reports and other information regarding its business operations and the business operations of its subsidiaries. Since Wesbanco is both a bank holding company and a financial holding company, Wesbanco can offer customers virtually any type of service that is financial in nature or incidental thereto, including banking and activities closely related to banking, securities underwriting, insurance (both underwriting and agency) and merchant banking. Wesbanco is now subject to additional supervision from the Federal Reserve Board and its primary banking regulators due to its exceeding the 10 billion asset threshold and seeks to ensure that sufficient resources are allocated to safety and soundness compliance with applicable laws, such as the Bank Secrecy Act, anti-money laundering regulations, and the Community Reinvestment Act CRA ), among others, and risk management and internal audit, among other functions, so that the enhanced requirements of the Federal Reserve Board and its primary banking regulators are met. 
 As indicated above, Wesbanco presently operates one bank subsidiary, Wesbanco Bank, which is a West Virginia-chartered banking corporation which is not a member bank of the Federal Reserve System. It is subject to examination and supervision by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ), the West Virginia Division of Financial Institutions WVDIF ), and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB because its assets exceed 10 billion. The deposits of Wesbanco Bank are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund of the FDIC. Wesbanco s non-bank subsidiaries are subject to examination and supervision by the Federal Reserve Board and specifically, the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, Ohio Federal Reserve and examination by other federal and state agencies, including, in the case of certain securities activities, regulation by the SEC, the Financial Institution Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA ), the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board and the Securities Investors Protection Corporation SIPC ). Wesbanco Bank maintains one designated financial subsidiary, Wesbanco Insurance, which, as indicated above, is a multi-line insurance agency specializing in property, casualty, life and title insurance, with benefit plan sales and administration for personal and commercial clients. As a result of exceeding the 10 billion asset threshold, Wesbanco Bank is now subject to enhanced prudential supervision from both the FDIC and WVDIF as part of their large bank supervision program. 
 Wesbanco is also under the jurisdiction of the SEC and certain state securities commissions for matters relating to the offering and sale of its securities. Wesbanco is subject to the disclosure and regulatory requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as administered by the SEC. Wesbanco is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (the Nasdaq under the trading symbol WSBC and is subject to the rules of the Nasdaq for listed companies. 
 Under the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994, as amended (the Riegle-Neal Act ), a bank holding company may acquire banks in states other than its home state, subject to certain limitations. The Riegle-Neal Act also authorizes banks to merge across state lines, thereby creating interstate banking. Under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), banks are also permitted to establish de novo branches across state lines to the same extent that a state-chartered bank in each host state would be permitted to open branches. 
 Under the BHCA, prior Federal Reserve Board approval is required for Wesbanco to acquire more than 5 of the voting stock of any bank. In determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition, federal banking regulators will consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition, the public benefits expected to be received from the acquisition, the projected capital ratios and levels on a post-acquisition basis, and the acquiring institution s record of addressing the credit needs of the communities it serves, including the needs of low- and moderate-income neighborhoods, consistent with safe and sound operation of the bank under the CRA. 
 HOLDING COMPANY REGULATIONS 
 As indicated in Item 1. Business-General , Wesbanco has one state-chartered bank subsidiary, Wesbanco Bank, as well as four non-bank subsidiaries (excluding capital trusts). The subsidiary bank is subject to affiliate transaction restrictions under federal law, which limit covered transactions by the subsidiary bank with the parent and any non-bank subsidiaries of the parent, which are referred to in the aggregate in this paragraph as affiliates of the subsidiary bank. Covered transactions include loans or extensions of credit to an affiliate (including repurchase agreements), purchases of or investments in securities issued by an affiliate, purchases of assets from an affiliate, the acceptance of securities issued by an affiliate as collateral for a loan or extension of credit, the issuance of a guarantee, acceptance or letter of credit on behalf of an affiliate, certain transactions that involve borrowing or lending securities, and certain derivative transactions with an affiliate. Such covered transactions between the subsidiary bank and any single affiliate are limited in amount to 10 of the subsidiary bank s capital and surplus, and, with respect to covered transactions with all affiliates in the aggregate, are limited in amount to 20 of the subsidiary bank s capital and surplus. Furthermore, such loans or extensions of credit, guarantees, acceptances and letters of credit, and any credit exposure resulting from securities borrowing or lending transactions or derivatives transactions, are required to be secured by collateral at all times in amounts specified by law. In addition, all covered transactions must be conducted on terms and conditions that are consistent with safe and sound banking practices. 
 5 

The Dodd-Frank Act requires a bank holding company to act as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary bank. Under this source of strength requirement, the Federal Reserve Board may require a bank holding company to make capital infusions into a troubled subsidiary bank, and may charge the bank holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to commit resources to such a subsidiary bank. A capital infusion conceivably could be required at a time when Wesbanco may not have the resources to provide it. 
 PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS 
 Dividends from the subsidiary bank are a significant source of funds for payment of dividends to Wesbanco s shareholders. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Wesbanco declared cash dividends to its preferred and common shareholders of approximately 10.1 million and 81.3 million, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Wesbanco Bank was well capitalized under the definition in Section 324.403 of the FDIC Regulations. Therefore, as long as the Bank remains well capitalized or even becomes adequately capitalized, there would be no basis under Section 324.403 to limit the ability of the Bank to pay dividends because it had not become undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized. Effective January 1, 2016, Wesbanco Bank and Wesbanco became subject to capital conservation buffer rules, phased in over a four year period which ended in 2019, which requires Wesbanco and Wesbanco Bank to have capital levels above the regulatory minimums to pay dividends (discussed below in connection with the Basel III initiative under Item 1. Business Capital Requirements ). 
 All financial institutions are subject to the prompt corrective action provisions set forth in Section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the FDI Act and the provisions set forth in Section 308.201 of the FDIC Regulations. Immediately upon a state non-member bank receiving notice, or being deemed to have notice, that the bank is undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, or critically undercapitalized, as defined in Section 324.403 of the FDIC Regulations, the bank is precluded from being able to pay dividends to its shareholders based upon the requirements in Section 38(d) of the FDI Act, 12 U.S.C. 1831o(d). 
 In addition, with respect to possible dividends by the Bank, under Section 31A-4-25 of the West Virginia Code, the prior approval of the West Virginia Commissioner of Financial Institutions would be required if the total of all dividends declared by the Bank in any calendar year would exceed the total of the Bank s net profits for that year combined with its retained net profits of the preceding two years. Further, Section 31A-4-25 limits the ability of a West Virginia banking institution to pay dividends until the surplus fund of the banking institution equals the common stock of the banking institution and if certain specified amounts of recent profits of the banking institution have not been carried to the surplus fund. 
 If, in the opinion of the applicable regulatory authority, a bank under its jurisdiction is engaged in or is about to engage in an unsafe or unsound practice which, depending on the financial condition of the bank, could include the payment of dividends, such authority may require, after notice and hearing, that such bank cease and desist from such practice. The Federal Reserve Board has issued policy statements, which provide that insured banks and bank holding companies should generally only pay dividends out of current operating earnings. Under applicable law, bank regulatory agency approval is required if the total of all dividends declared by a bank in any calendar year exceeds the available retained earnings or exceeds the aggregate of the bank s net profits (as defined by regulatory agencies) for that year and its retained net profits for the preceding two years. As of December 31, 2022, under West Virginia and FDIC regulations, Wesbanco could receive, without prior regulatory approval, a dividend of up to 116.8 million from Wesbanco Bank. Additional information regarding dividend restrictions is set forth in Note 21, Regulatory Matters, in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 On February 24, 2009, the Federal Reserve Division of Banking Supervision and Regulation issued Supervisory Letter SR 09-4, Applying Supervisory Guidance and Regulations on the Payment of Dividends, Stock Redemptions, and Stock Repurchases at Bank Holding Companies, providing direction to bank holding companies on the payment of dividends, capital repurchases and capital redemptions. Although the letter largely reiterates longstanding Federal Reserve supervisory policies, it emphasizes the need for a bank holding company to review various factors when considering the declaration of a dividend or taking action that would reduce regulatory capital provided by outstanding financial instruments. These factors include the potential need to increase loan loss reserves, write down assets and reflect declines in asset values in equity. In addition, the bank holding company should consider its past and anticipated future earnings, the dividend payout ratio in relation to earnings, and adequacy of regulatory capital before any action is taken. The consideration of capital adequacy should include a review of all known factors that may affect capital in the future. On July 24, 2020, Attachment C was added to SR 09-4 to provide greater clarity regarding the situations in which holding companies may expect an expedited consultation under the process described in SR 09-4. Generally, a holding company considering paying a dividend in excess of earnings for the period (1) must have net income available over the past year sufficient to fully fund dividends, (2) is not considering stock repurchases or redemptions in the current quarter, (3) does not have any concentrations in commercial real estate lending that exceed supervisory thresholds, and (4) is in good supervisory condition, to receive this expedited consultation. 
 In certain circumstances, defined by regulation relating to levels of earnings and capital, advance notification to, and in some circumstances, approval by the regulator could be required to declare a dividend or repurchase or redeem capital instruments. 
 FDIC INSURANCE 
 FDIC insurance premiums are assessed by the FDIC using a risk-based approach that places insured institutions into categories based on capital and risk profiles. Beginning in 2019, Wesbanco Bank is considered to be a large bank for the purposes of the premium calculation because its total assets exceed 10 billion, and it is therefore subject to more continuous oversight by the FDIC. Large banks are subject to a more 
 6 

complex insurance premium calculation with additional loan-related and other risk factors involved which leads to an overall higher rate as compared to that of smaller banks. In 2022, Wesbanco Bank paid deposit insurance premiums of 7.2 million, compared to 4.5 million and 6.7 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in 2022's premiums was due to higher quarterly assessment rates due to current financial ratios. In addition, the prior year included a 1.0 million refund, which was received in the second quarter of 2021 resulting from prior period call report adjustments. The FDIC adopted a final rule in October 2022, applicable to all insured depository institutions, to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis points, beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The increase in assessment rate schedules is intended to increase the likelihood that the reserve ratio of the Deposit Insurance Fund reaches the statutory minimum of 1.35 by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028. 
 CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS 
 The Federal Reserve Board had historically issued risk-based capital ratio and leverage ratio guidelines for bank holding companies. The risk-based capital ratio guidelines establish a systematic analytical framework that makes regulatory capital requirements more sensitive to differences in risk profiles among banking organizations, takes off-balance sheet exposures into explicit account in assessing capital adequacy, and minimizes disincentives to holding liquid, low-risk assets. Under the guidelines and related policies, bank holding companies must maintain capital sufficient to meet both a risk-based asset ratio test and a leverage ratio test on a consolidated basis. The risk-based ratio is determined by allocating assets and specified off-balance sheet commitments into several weighted categories, with higher weightings being assigned to categories perceived as representing greater risk. A bank holding company s capital is then divided by total risk-weighted assets to yield the risk-based ratio. The leverage ratio is determined by relating core capital to total assets adjusted as specified in the guidelines. The Bank is subject to substantially similar capital requirements. 
 The federal regulatory authorities risk-based capital guidelines are currently based upon agreements reached by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee ). The Basel Committee is a committee of central banks and bank supervisors and regulators from the major industrialized countries that develops broad policy guidelines for use by each country s supervisors in determining the supervisory policies they apply. In December 2010, the Basel Committee issued a strengthened set of international capital and liquidity standards for banks and bank holding companies, known as Basel III. In July 2013, the U.S. federal banking agencies issued a joint final rule that implements the Basel III capital standards and establishes the minimum capital levels required under the Dodd-Frank Act. The rule was effective January 1, 2015, subject to a transition period providing for full implementation on January 1, 2019. The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (the EGRRCPA ), enacted into law in May 2018, exempts banks with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion that exceed the community bank leverage ratio from the capital requirements under Basel III. Wesbanco Bank s assets are in excess of 10 billion, however, so the exemption is not applicable. 
 Generally, under the applicable guidelines, a financial institution s capital is divided into common equity Tier 1 CET1 ), total Tier 1 and Tier 2. CET1 includes common shares and retained earnings less goodwill, intangible assets subject to limitation and certain deferred tax assets subject to limitation. In addition, under the final capital rule, an institution may make a one-time, permanent election to continue to exclude accumulated other comprehensive income from capital. If an institution does not make this election, unrealized gains and losses will be included in the calculation of its CET1. Total Tier 1 is comprised of CET1 and certain restricted capital instruments, including qualifying cumulative perpetual preferred stock and qualifying trust preferred securities, in their Tier 1 capital, up to a limit of 25 of Tier 1 capital. (See below within this section for more information regarding the capital treatment of trust preferred securities.) 
 Tier 2, or supplementary capital, includes, among other things, portions of trust preferred securities and cumulative perpetual preferred stock not otherwise counted in Tier 1 capital, as well as perpetual preferred stock, intermediate-term preferred stock, hybrid capital instruments, perpetual debt, mandatory convertible debt securities, term subordinated debt, unrealized holding gains on equity securities, and the allowance for loan and lease losses, all subject to certain limitations. Total capital is the sum of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. 
 The Federal Reserve Board has established the following minimum capital levels banks and bank holding companies are required to maintain as a percentage of risk-weighted assets (including various off-balance sheet items): (i) CET1 of at least 4.5 , (ii) Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6 , (iii) total capital ratio (Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital) of at least 8 ; and (iv) a non-risk-based leverage ratio (Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets) of 4 . The risk-based capital standards are designed to make regulatory capital requirements more sensitive to differences in credit and market risk profiles among banks and financial holding companies, to account for off-balance sheet exposure, and to minimize disincentives for holding liquid assets. Balance sheet and off-balance sheet exposures are assigned to one of several risk-weights primarily based on relative credit risk. The capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgements by the regulators about components, risk-weightings, and other factors. Additionally, with the final capital rule fully implemented as of January 1, 2019, an institution is required to maintain a 2.5 common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer over the minimum risk-based capital requirements to avoid restrictions on the ability to pay dividends, discretionary bonuses to executive officers, and engage in share repurchases. 
 Failure to meet applicable capital guidelines could subject a financial institution to a variety of enforcement remedies available to the federal regulatory authorities, including limitations on the ability to pay dividends, the issuance by the regulatory authority of a capital directive 
 7 

to increase capital, and the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC, as well as to the measures described below under Prompt Corrective Action as applicable to undercapitalized institutions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Wesbanco s CET1, Tier 1 and total capital to risk-adjusted assets ratios were 11.20 , 12.33 and 15.11 , respectively. Wesbanco made a timely permanent election to exclude accumulated other comprehensive income from regulatory capital. As of December 31, 2022, Wesbanco Bank s CET1, Tier 1 and total capital to risk-adjusted assets ratios were 12.22 , 12.22 and 12.81 , respectively, all in excess of the minimum requirements. Neither Wesbanco nor the Bank had been advised by the appropriate federal banking regulator of any specific leverage ratio applicable to it. As of December 31, 2022, Wesbanco s leverage ratio was 9.90 and the Bank s leverage ratio was 9.80 . 
 As of December 31, 2022, Wesbanco had 133.5 million in junior subordinated debt on its Consolidated Balance Sheets. For regulatory purposes, Trust Preferred Securities totaling 130.0 million underlying such junior subordinated debt were included in Tier 2 capital as of December 31, 2022, in accordance with regulatory reporting requirements. In 2013, the federal banking agencies amended capital requirements to generally exclude trust preferred securities from Tier 1 capital. A grandfather provision, however, permits bank holding companies with consolidated assets of less than 15 billion, which Wesbanco was through September 30, 2019, to continue counting existing trust preferred securities as Tier 1 capital until they mature. The final Basel III capital rule permanently grandfathers trust preferred securities issued before May 19, 2010 for institutions of less than 15 billion in size, subject to a 25 limit of Tier 1 capital. The amount of trust preferred securities and certain other elements in excess of the 25 limit may be included in Tier 2 capital, subject to restrictions. As of December 31, 2022, Wesbanco s total assets were above 15 billion; therefore, all such securities are no longer counted as Tier 1 capital but instead are counted as Tier 2 capital subject to limits. For more information regarding trust preferred securities, please refer to Note 10, Subordinated and Junior Subordinated Debt in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The risk-based capital standards of the Federal Reserve and the FDIC specify that evaluations by the banking agencies of a bank s capital adequacy will include an assessment of the exposure to declines in the economic value of the bank s capital due to changes in interest rates. These banking agencies have issued a joint policy statement on interest rate risk describing prudent methods for monitoring such risk that rely principally on internal measures of exposure and active oversight of risk management activities by senior management. 
 PROMPT CORRECTIVE ACTION 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA requires federal banking regulatory authorities to take prompt corrective action with respect to depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. For these purposes, FDICIA establishes five capital tiers: well-capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. 
 An institution is deemed to be well-capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8 or greater, a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5 or greater, and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 or greater, and is not subject to a regulatory order, agreement, or directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. An institution is deemed to be adequately capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6 or greater, generally a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4 or greater, and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5 or greater, and the institution does not meet the definition of a well-capitalized institution. An institution that does not meet one or more of the adequately capitalized tests is deemed to be undercapitalized. If the institution has a total risk-based capital ratio that is less than 6 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio that is less than 4 , or a Tier 1 leverage ratio or common equity Tier 1 ratio that is less than 3 , it is deemed to be significantly undercapitalized. Finally, an institution is deemed to be critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of tangible equity (as defined in the regulations) to total assets that is equal to or less than 2 . As of December 31, 2022, as noted above in Capital Requirements, Wesbanco Bank had capital levels that met the well-capitalized standards under FDICIA and its implementing regulations. 
 FDICIA generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distribution, including payment of a cash dividend, or paying any management fee to its holding company, if the depository institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. Undercapitalized institutions are subject to growth limitations and are required to submit a capital restoration plan. If any depository institution subsidiary of a holding company is required to submit a capital restoration plan, the holding company would be required to provide a limited guarantee regarding compliance with the plan as a condition of approval of such plan by the appropriate federal banking agency. If an undercapitalized institution fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is significantly undercapitalized. Significantly undercapitalized institutions may be subject to a number of requirements and restrictions, including orders to sell sufficient voting stock to become adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets, and cessation of receipt of deposits from correspondent banks. Critically undercapitalized institutions may not, beginning 60 days after becoming critically undercapitalized, make any payment of principal or interest on their subordinated debt and/or trust preferred securities. In addition, critically undercapitalized institutions are subject to appointment of a receiver or conservator within 90 days of becoming critically undercapitalized. 
 8 

GRAMM-LEACH-BLILEY ACT 
 Under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the GLB Act ), banks are no longer prohibited from associating with, or having management interlocks with, a business organization engaged principally in securities activities. By qualifying as a financial holding company, as authorized under the GLB Act, a bank holding company acquires new powers not otherwise available to it. Wesbanco has elected to become a financial holding company under the GLB Act. It also has qualified a subsidiary of the Bank as a financial subsidiary under the GLB Act. 
 Financial holding company powers relate to financial activities that are determined by the Federal Reserve Board, in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury, to be financial in nature, incidental to an activity that is financial in nature, or complementary to a financial activity, provided that the complementary activity does not pose a safety and soundness risk. The GLB Act itself defines certain activities as financial in nature, including but not limited to: underwriting insurance or annuities; providing financial or investment advice; underwriting, dealing in, or making markets in securities; merchant banking, subject to significant limitations; insurance company portfolio investing, subject to significant limitations; and any activities previously found by the Federal Reserve Board to be closely related to banking. 
 National and state banks are permitted under the GLB Act, subject to capital, management, size, debt rating, and CRA qualification factors, to have financial subsidiaries that are permitted to engage in financial activities not otherwise permissible. However, unlike financial holding companies, financial subsidiaries may not engage in insurance or annuity underwriting; developing or investing in real estate; merchant banking (for at least five years); or insurance company portfolio investing. 
 
 DODD-FRANK ACT 
 The Dodd-Frank Act, enacted on July 21, 2010, and the rules implementing its provisions have resulted in numerous and wide-ranging reforms to the structure of the U.S. financial system. This includes, among other things, rules to promote financial stability and prevent or mitigate the risks that may arise from the material distress or failure of a large bank holding company; enhance consumer protections; prohibit proprietary trading; and implement enhanced prudential requirements for large bank holding companies regarding risk-based capital and leverage, risk and liquidity management, stress testing, and recovery and resolution planning. The Dodd-Frank Act, including current and future rules implementing its provisions and the interpretation of those rules, have affected, and management expects will continue to affect, most of Wesbanco s businesses in some way, either directly through regulation of specific activities or indirectly through regulation of concentration risks, capital or liquidity. 
 Certain bank holding companies are subjected to increased capital requirements (discussed above under Item 1. Business Capital Requirements ). 
 The Volcker Rule and the final rules jointly issued by federal banking agencies implementing the rule s provisions limit Wesbanco s ability to engage in proprietary trading, as well as its ability to sponsor or invest in hedge funds or private equity funds. The Volcker Rule also includes certain compliance program requirements that apply to banking entities that engage in permissible proprietary trading or permitted covered fund activities. The federal banking agencies recently revised the Volcker Rule compliance requirements, effective January 1, 2020. Under the new rule, banking entities that, together with their affiliates and subsidiaries, have an average gross sum of trading assets and liabilities (excluding obligations of or guaranteed by the United States or an agency of the United States) of less than 1 billion for four (4) consecutive quarters are presumed to be in compliance with the Volcker Rule s restrictions on proprietary trading and acquisition or retention of ownership interests in covered funds. Consequently such banking entities do not have an affirmative obligation to demonstrate compliance with such restrictions limited trading compliance presumption ). Wesbanco meets the limited trading compliance presumption because its gross consolidated trading assets and liabilities have been below 1 billion for four consecutive quarters. 
 An interim final rule was issued in January 2014 that exempts investments in certain collateralized debt obligations backed primarily by trust preferred securities from the provisions of the Volcker Rule. This interim final rule was effective April 1, 2014 and did not have a material impact on Wesbanco for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The Federal Reserve Board revised the Volcker Rule, issuing a final rule in November 2019. Under the new rule, banking entities with gross consolidated trading assets and liabilities between 1 billion and 20 billion will be subject to a simplified compliance program because they will be considered to have moderate trading assets. The new rule was effective January 1, 2020; however, Wesbanco is not subject to the moderate trading compliance program because Wesbanco has gross consolidated trading assets and liabilities below 1 billion. 
 Passed in 2011, the Durbin Amendment requires the Federal Reserve to limit fee charges to retailers for debit card processing. The Federal Reserve Board promulgated Regulation II (Debit Card Interchange Fees and Routing) that limits the interchange fees paid by merchants to issuers when their debit cards are used as payment. An issuer is defined as any person that authorizes the use of the debit card to perform an electronic debit transaction. The application of the Durbin Amendment is determined by whether the issuer, together with its affiliates, has 10 billion in assets as of the end of the calendar year preceding the date of the electronic debit transaction. An affiliate is defined as any company that controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with another company. Therefore, if an insured institution issues a debit card and it, 
 9 

together with its affiliates, has assets exceeding 10 billion, it is subject to this rule. The rule caps debit card interchange fees (also known as swipe fees) at 0.21 plus an additional 0.05 of the value of the transaction. Previously, the average interchange fee was approximately 0.44 per transaction for an insured institution. Financial institutions with more than 10 billion in assets by the year-end assessment deadline are subject to the cap on interchange income in July of the following year. Wesbanco and the Bank were subject to the requirements imposed by the Durbin Amendment because, for purposes of determining whether an issuer has 10 billion in assets, the assets of the institution and its affiliates are combined, effective for transactions beginning in July of 2019. 
 Additionally, section 165(i)(2) of the Dodd-Frank Act, as amended by the EGRRCPA, requires annual company-run stress tests for bank holding companies with total consolidated assets greater than 100 billion. 
 The Federal Reserve Board regulates bank holding companies, and therefore, if a bank holding company has total consolidated assets of 100 billion or more, it will be required to conduct the Federal Reserve Board stress-tests. Wesbanco Bank, a subsidiary state nonmember bank, is governed by the FDIC. Under the FDIC rule, a covered bank includes any state nonmember bank . . . with average total consolidated assets . . . that are greater than 10 billion but less than 50 billion. However, the FDIC proposed a rule in December 2018 to conform this definition to Section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Act, as amended by the EGRRCPA, to state that a covered bank is a nonmember bank or state savings association with average total consolidated assets that are greater than 250 billion. Wesbanco Bank has less than 100 billion in average total consolidated assets, and therefore, is not subject to the Federal Reserve Board s or the FDIC s stress-test rules. 
 If the Dodd-Frank Act stress test rules were to apply at some point in the future, Wesbanco would have to assess the potential impact of a minimum of three macroeconomic scenarios baseline, adverse, and severely adverse on its consolidated losses, revenues, balance sheets (including risk-weighted assets) and capital. Each scenario includes economic variables, including macroeconomic activity, unemployment, exchange rates, prices, incomes and interest rates. The adverse and severely adverse scenarios are not forecasts, but rather hypothetical scenarios designed to assess the strength and resilience of financial institutions. Additionally, Wesbanco would have to publicly disclose these test results on an annual basis. The required summary of results could be published on Wesbanco s web site or in any other forum that is reasonably accessible to the public. 
 As required by Section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Act, the Federal Reserve issued a rule that strengthens the supervision and regulation of large U.S. bank holding companies and foreign banking organizations by establishing a number of enhanced prudential standards. These standards include liquidity, risk management, and capital. Under the rule, a publicly traded bank holding company with 10 billion or more in consolidated assets is required to establish an enterprise-wide risk committee. However, the EGRRCPA raised the threshold to 50 billion. To conform the rule to the EGRRCPA, the Federal Reserve Board proposed a rule in November 2018 to increase the threshold to 50 billion. Wesbanco is therefore, currently not subject to the Federal Reserve Enhanced Prudential Standards. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act made several changes affecting the securitization markets, which may affect a bank s ability or desire to use those markets to meet funding or liquidity needs. One of these changes calls for federal regulators to adopt regulations requiring the sponsor of a securitization to retain at least 5 of the credit risk, with exceptions for qualified residential mortgages. 
 Publicly traded companies are required by the Dodd-Frank Act to give shareholders an advisory vote on executive compensation, and, in some cases, golden parachute arrangements. Further, SEC and Nasdaq rulemaking under the Dodd-Frank Act requires Nasdaq-listed companies to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Wesbanco s Compensation Committee members currently satisfy the independence criteria. The Dodd-Frank Act also called for regulators to issue new rules relating to incentive-based compensation arrangements deemed excessive, and proxy access by shareholders. The SEC has issued proposed rules relating to excessive compensation arrangements that have not been finalized. 
 All banks and other insured depository institutions now have increased authority to open new branches across state lines (discussed above under Item 1. Business Supervision and Regulation ). A provision authorizing insured depository institutions to pay interest on certain business checking accounts may increase Wesbanco s interest expense. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, a federal agency created by the Dodd-Frank Act, has the authority to write rules implementing numerous consumer protection laws applicable to all banks (discussed below under Item 1. Business Consumer Protection Laws ). 
 10 

CORONAVIRUS RELIEF 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security CARES Act was signed into law on March 27, 2020 to provide national emergency economic relief measures. Many of the CARES Act s programs are dependent upon the direct involvement of U.S. financial institutions, such as the Company and the Bank, and have been implemented through rules and guidance adopted by federal departments and agencies, including the U.S. Department of Treasury, the Federal Reserve and other federal banking agencies, including those with direct supervisory jurisdiction over the Company and the Bank. Furthermore, as the COVID-19 pandemic evolves, federal regulatory authorities continue to issue additional guidance with respect to the implementation, lifecycle, and eligibility requirements for the various CARES Act programs as well as industry-specific recovery procedures for COVID-19. Building upon the provisions of the CARES Act, the Economic Aid to Hard-Hit Small Businesses, Nonprofits and Venues Act Economic Aid Act was signed into law on December 27, 2020. The Economic Aid Act was drafted in response to the continuing effects of the pandemic on the economy and provided for extensions and amendments to many features of the CARES Act. A third measure of coronavirus relief was passed by Congress on March 11, 2021, in the form of the American Rescue Plan Act ARP Act ). The ARP Act provided for additional stimulus funds, extended unemployment benefits and various other financial benefits to individuals and businesses. In the future, it is possible that Congress will enact additional COVID-19 response legislation, including further amendments to the CARES Act, Economic Aid Act or ARP Act or other new bills comparable in scope to these Acts. The Company continues to assess the impact of these Acts and other statutes, regulations and supervisory guidance related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 The CARES Act amended the loan program of the U.S. Small Business Administration (the SBA ), in which the Bank participates, to create a guaranteed, unsecured loan program, the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), to fund operational costs of eligible businesses, organizations and self-employed persons during COVID-19. In June 2020, the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act was enacted, which among other things, gave borrowers additional time and flexibility to use PPP loan proceeds. Shortly thereafter, and due to the evolving impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, additional legislation was enacted authorizing the SBA to resume accepting PPP applications on July 6, 2020 and extending the PPP application deadline to August 8, 2020. The passage of the Economic Aid Act further reauthorized lending, providing for a new pool of available funds under the PPP loan program through March 31, 2021, and among other things, modified the provisions related to making PPP loans and the forgiveness of such loans. The Second Draw PPP loan program provides additional assistance to borrowers who previously received a SBA PPP loan under the CARES Act provisions, subject to certain conditions. The passage of the ARP Act in March 2021 further added to the pool of available funds and extended the application deadline to May 31, 2021. As a participating lender in the PPP loan program, the Bank continues to monitor legislative, regulatory, and supervisory developments related thereto. 
 The CARES Act permitted banks to suspend requirements under GAAP for loan modifications to borrowers affected by COVID-19 that would otherwise be characterized as troubled debt restructuring TDRs and suspend any determination related thereto if (i) the loan modification is made between March 1, 2020 and the earlier of December 31, 2020 or 60 days after the end of the COVID-19 emergency declaration and (ii) the applicable loan was not more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2019. The Economic Aid act further extended the relief granted by the CARES Act for TDRs by one year to December 31, 2021. The federal banking agencies also issued guidance to encourage banks to make loan modifications for borrowers affected by COVID-19 and to assure banks that they will not be criticized by examiners for doing so. The Company is applying this guidance to qualifying loan modifications. See Note 1 and Note 4 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is included in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information about the COVID-19-related loan modifications completed by the company. 
 The CARES Act encouraged the Federal Reserve, in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury, to establish or implement various programs to help midsize businesses, nonprofits, and municipalities. On April 9, 2020, the Federal Reserve proposed the creation of the Main Street Lending Program MSLP to implement certain of these recommendations. On June 15, 2020, the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston opened the MSLP for lender registration. The MSLP supports lending to small and medium-sized businesses that were in sound financial condition before the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. The passage of the Economic Aid Act in December terminated the MSLP as of January 8, 2021 and no new loan applications could be submitted after December 31, 2020. 
 Concurrent with the enactment of the CARES Act, regulators issued interim financial rule IFR Regulatory Capital Rule: Revised Transition of the Current Expected Losses Methodology for Allowances in response to the disrupted economic activity from the spread of COVID-19. The IFR provided financial institutions that adopted the Current Expected Credit Losses Accounting Standard CECL during 2020 with the option to delay for two years the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period to phase out the aggregate amount of the capital benefit provided by the initial two-year delay five year transition ). Wesbanco adopted CECL effective January 1, 2020 and elected to implement the five-year transition. Please see Note 21, Regulatory Matters for more information. 
 CONSUMER PROTECTION LAWS 
 In connection with its lending and leasing activities, all banks are subject to a number of federal and state laws designed to protect consumers and promote lending and other financial services to various sectors of the economy and population. These laws include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act TILA ), the Truth in Savings Act, the Home Mortgage 
 11 

Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act RESPA ), the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, and, in some cases, their respective state law counterparts. The CFPB has consolidated the authority to write regulations implementing these and other laws. Wesbanco s other subsidiaries that provide services relating to consumer financial products and services are subject to the CFPB s regulations. As an institution formerly with assets of less than 10 billion, Wesbanco Bank historically had been examined by the FDIC for compliance with these rules. Through its acquisitions, the Bank s assets exceeded 10 billion for four consecutive quarters, and in 2019 it came under CFPB supervision and examination. Relating to mortgage lending, the Dodd-Frank Act authorized the CFPB to issue new regulations governing the ability to repay, qualified mortgages, mortgage servicing, appraisals and compensation of mortgage lenders, all of which have been issued and have taken effect. They limit the mortgage products offered by the Bank and have an impact on timely enforcement of delinquent mortgage loans. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act also directed the CFPB to integrate the mortgage loan disclosures under TILA and RESPA. The CFPB issued new integrated disclosures rules TRID ), which became effective October 3, 2015 and have combined the prior good faith estimate and truth in lending disclosure form into a new form, the loan estimate. They have also combined the HUD-1 and final truth in lending disclosure forms into a new form, the closing disclosure. The rule is extremely complex, contains significant uncertainties as to penalties, some of which can be quite material, contains prohibitions against correcting even technical mistakes, creates uncertainty regarding last minute changes in the transaction and has triggered significant ambiguity in compliance. Thus for covered transactions and most closed-end consumer credit transactions secured by real property, the TRID rules have presented significant and ongoing challenges to real estate lenders. The CFPB issued an interpretive rule in August 2021 providing greater flexibility under the TRID rules, which helped ease some of the challenges that real estate lenders like the Bank face. The rule, however, relates only to the on-going COVID pandemic. 
 Federal law currently contains extensive customer privacy protection provisions. Under these provisions, a financial institution must provide to its customers, at the inception of the customer relationship and annually thereafter, the institution s policies and procedures regarding the handling of customers nonpublic personal financial information. These provisions also provide that, except for certain limited exceptions, an institution may not provide such personal information to unaffiliated third parties unless the institution discloses to the customer that such information may be so provided and the customer is given the opportunity to opt out of such disclosure. Federal law makes it a criminal offense, except in limited circumstances, to obtain or attempt to obtain customer information of a financial nature by fraudulent or deceptive means. 
 Community development and compliance with the CRA are vital and integrated components of the banking business at Wesbanco Bank. Wesbanco is committed to helping our communities thrive and prosper by being a leader in community development. The foundation of our values is grounded in our belief that the success of our communities is fundamental to the success of our company. Wesbanco has proven to be a leader in the community by providing loans, deposits and other banking services that are responsive to the financial needs of the community. The CRA requires Wesbanco Bank s primary federal bank regulatory agency, the FDIC, to assess Wesbanco Bank s record in meeting the credit needs of the communities served by the bank, including low and moderate-income neighborhoods and persons. Institutions are assigned one of four ratings: Outstanding, Satisfactory, Needs to Improve or Substantial Noncompliance. This assessment is reviewed when a bank applies to merge or consolidate with or acquire the assets or assume the liabilities of an insured depository institution, or to open or relocate a branch office. On December 19, 2019, the FDIC assigned a rating of Outstanding for the Bank s community development performance for the period of October 2016 through July 2019. This is the highest rating awarded by federal regulators and the 2019 exam represented the Bank s seventh consecutive Outstanding CRA rating. In 2022, the FDIC commenced an examination of Wesbanco's CRA performance for the period of August 2019 through September 2022, and the results are expected in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Wesbanco Bank received the America Saves Designation of Savings Excellence for Banks, a designation from America Saves that recognizes banks that went above and beyond to encourage people to save money during America Saves Week 2022. Wesbanco has been an active participant in America Saves Week since its inception in 2007 and this was Wesbanco s seventh consecutive designation for savings excellence. The Wesbanco Bank Community Development Corporation Wesbanco CDC ), an affiliate of Wesbanco Inc., was nationally recognized by the American Bankers Association Foundation ABA Foundation with a Community Commitment Award. In recognition of its strong performance and outreach, the ABA Foundation recognized Wesbanco CDC's New Markets Loan Program as the winner of the Community and Economic Development category. The Wesbanco CDC has received four allocations of New Markets Tax Credits, leveraging those funds to make over 219 loans totaling over 167 million for the benefit of businesses located in low-income, distressed communities, and creating over 6,200 jobs. 
 12 

To achieve this level of success, in addition to providing a wide variety of conventional loan and deposit products, the Bank partners with a number of governmental and non-profit agencies to provide special programs to assist customers, especially low- and moderate-income customers, achieve their financial goals. For example, Wesbanco Bank leverages its membership in the Federal Home Loan Bank to sponsor Affordable Housing Program grant applications for non-profit organizations and developers of affordable housing, assistance through the First Front Door down payment program, Banking on Business loans for small businesses that may not be approved for conventional bank financing, and loans through the Community Lending Program. Additionally, Wesbanco has developed its own loan and deposit products to provide financing and savings options with innovative and flexible terms to meet identified needs. Wesbanco has also been a leader in providing community development lending within its CRA assessment areas. In the past five years, the Bank originated over 1.9 billion in community development loans, returning credit and capital to communities throughout our footprint. At the heart of Wesbanco Bank s successful community development program is its commitment of time and resources to the communities it serves. Employees provide thousands of hours of technical assistance or financial education to organizations and agencies that promote community development and Wesbanco has deployed hundreds of thousands of dollars in philanthropic donations to worthy organizations serving local communities throughout its footprint. 
 The three primary banking regulators continue to prioritize CRA modernization in their respective regulatory agendas and have committed to working together to issue a joint interagency proposal, which is likely to be released in 2023. 
 SECURITIES REGULATION 
 Wesbanco s full service broker-dealer subsidiary, Wesbanco Securities, is registered as a broker-dealer with the SEC and in the states in which it does business. Wesbanco Securities also is a member of FINRA. Wesbanco Securities is subject to regulation by the SEC, FINRA and the securities administrators of the states in which it is registered. Wesbanco Securities is a member of the SIPC, which in the event of the liquidation of a broker-dealer, provides protection for customers securities accounts held by Wesbanco Securities of up to 500,000 for each eligible customer, subject to a limitation of 250,000 for claims for cash balances. 
 In addition, Wesbanco Bank s Investment Department serves as an investment adviser to a family of mutual funds and is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC and in some states. 
 On September 10, 2019, the SEC adopted a new rule, Regulation Best Interest, which establishes a standard of conduct for broker-dealers when they make a recommendation to a retail customer of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities. Regulation Best Interest enhances the broker-dealer standard of conduct beyond existing suitability obligations, and aligns the standard of conduct with retail customers reasonable expectations by requiring broker-dealers, among other things, to: act in the best interest of the retail customer at the time the recommendation is made, without placing the financial or other interest of the broker-dealer ahead of the interests of the retail customer; and address conflicts of interest by establishing, maintaining, and enforcing policies and procedures reasonably designed to identify and fully and fairly disclose material facts about conflicts of interest, and in instances where we have determined that disclosure is insufficient to reasonably address the conflict, to mitigate or, in certain instances, eliminate the conflict. The effective date for implementation of the new rule was June 30, 2020. 
 On December 22, 2020, the SEC adopted a new rule to govern investment adviser advertisements and payments to solicitors. The rule replaces the current advertising rule s broadly drawn limitations with principles-based provisions designed to accommodate the continual evolution and interplay of technology and advice, and includes tailored requirements for certain types of advertisements. For example, the rule requires advisers to standardize certain parts of a performance presentation in order to help investors evaluate and compare investment opportunities, and includes tailored requirements for certain types of performance presentations. Advertisements that include third-party ratings are required to include specific disclosures to prevent them from being misleading. The rule also permits the use of testimonials and endorsements, which include traditional referral and solicitation activity, subject to certain conditions. 
 THE USA PATRIOT AND BANK SECRECY ACT 
 The USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the USA Patriot Act imposes significant compliance and due diligence obligations, material penalties, and provides for extra-territorial jurisdiction of the United States. The U.S. Treasury Department has issued various implementing regulations, which apply certain requirements of the USA Patriot Act to financial institutions, such as Wesbanco Bank and Wesbanco s broker-dealer subsidiary. These regulations impose obligations on financial institutions to maintain appropriate policies, procedures and controls to detect, prevent and report money laundering and terrorist financing, to verify the identity of their customers, including beneficial owners, and to report suspicious activities and currency transactions of a certain size. Failure of Wesbanco and its subsidiaries to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to co mply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for Wesbanco and its subsidiaries. 
 13 

ITEM 1A. RI SK FACTORS 
 The risks described below are not the only ones we face in our business. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially harmed. 
 RISKS RELATED TO THE ECONOMY AND OTHER EXTERNAL FACTORS, INCLUDING REGULATION 
 
 Climate change manifesting as physical or transition risks could adversely affect our operations, businesses and customers. 
 
 There is an increasing concern over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. The physical risks of climate change include discrete events, such as flooding and wildfires, and longer-term shifts in climate patterns, such as extreme heat, sea level rise, and more frequent and prolonged drought. Such events could disrupt our operations or those of our customers or third parties on which we rely, including through direct damage to assets and indirect impacts from supply chain disruption and market volatility. Additionally, transitioning to a low-carbon economy may entail extensive policy, legal, technology and market initiatives. Transition risks, including changes in consumer preferences and additional regulatory requirements or taxes, could increase our expenses and undermine our strategies. In addition, our reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of our practices related to climate change, including our involvement, or our clients involvement, in certain industries or projects associated with causing or exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to considerations relating to climate change. As climate risk is interconnected with many key risk types, we have developed and continue to enhance processes to embed climate risk considerations into our risk management strategies established for risks such as market, credit and operational risks; however, because the timing and severity of climate change may not be predictable, our risk management strategies may not be effective in mitigating climate risk exposure. 
 GLOBAL pandemics COULD adversely affect THE OPERATIONS OF us and our customers. 
 The spread of global pandemics could create a global public-health crisis, as previously seen with that of the COVID-19 pandemic, that can result in widespread volatility and deteriorations in household, business, economic, and market conditions. Pandemics can cause many state governments to enact social distancing requirements, which could adversely impact the economy due to the vast restrictions and forced closures of non-essential businesses during the quarantine periods. As a result, many of our customers would be adversely affected by business closures, staffing issues and/or other business restrictions. Accordingly, global pandemics may result in a significant decrease in our customers business and/or cause our customers to be unable to meet existing payment or other obligations to us. These adverse impacts on the businesses of our customers could cause a material adverse effect to our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 ECONOMIC CONDITIONS IN WESBANCO S MARKET AREAS COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT EARNINGS . 
 Wesbanco Bank serves both individuals and business customers primarily throughout West Virginia, Ohio, western Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Indiana, Maryland, northern Virginia and central Tennessee. The substantial majority of Wesbanco s loan portfolio is to individuals and businesses in these markets. As a result, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Wesbanco are affected by local and regional economic conditions, as well as national economic conditions. A downturn in these economies could have a negative impact on Wesbanco and the ability of the Bank s customers to repay their loans. The value of the collateral securing loans to borrowers may also decline as the economy declines. As a result, deteriorating economic conditions in these markets could cause a decline in the overall quality of Wesbanco s loan portfolio requiring Wesbanco to charge-off a higher percentage of loans and/or increase its allowance for credit losses. A decline in economic conditions in these markets may also force customers to utilize deposits held by Wesbanco Bank in order to pay current expenses causing the Bank s deposit base to shrink. As a result, the Bank may have to borrow funds at higher rates in order to meet liquidity needs. Volatility in oil and gas prices may impact shale gas activity in West Virginia, Ohio and Pennsylvania, which may somewhat negatively impact local and regional economic conditions, affecting both commercial and retail customers, resulting in potentially lower oil and gas related royalty deposits and potential credit deterioration in the loan portfolio. 
 WESBANCO COULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY CHANGES TO THE FISCAL, POLITICAL AND OTHER FEDERAL POLICIES. 
 Changes in general economic or political policies in the United States or other regions could adversely impact Wesbanco s business as well as the Bank s customers. The current United States administration has indicated that it may propose significant changes with respect to a variety of issues, including international trade agreements, import and export regulations, tariffs and customs duties, foreign relations, tax laws, corporate governance laws and corporate fuel economy standards, that could have a positive or negative impact on Wesbanco s business and the Bank s customers including those in the wholesale and distribution, manufacturing and retail industries. 
 14 

WESBANCO IS SUBJECT TO EXTENSIVE GOVERNMENT REGULATION AND SUPERVISION. 
 Wesbanco is subject to extensive federal and state regulation, supervision and examination. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors funds, federal deposit insurance funds and the banking system as a whole, rather than corporate shareholders. These regulations affect Wesbanco s lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, operations and growth, among other things. These regulations also impose obligations to maintain appropriate policies, procedure and controls. Congress and federal regulatory agencies continually review banking laws, regulations and policies for possible changes. Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations or policies, could affect Wesbanco in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject Wesbanco to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products that could be offered, and/or increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products, among other things. Failure to comply with laws, regulations or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil penalties and/or reputation damage, which could have a material adverse effect on Wesbanco s business, financial condition and result of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Wesbanco had 133.5 million in junior subordinated debt presented as a separate category of long-term debt on its Consolidated Balance Sheets. For regulatory purposes, Trust Preferred Securities totaling 130.0 million underlying such junior subordinated debt were previously included in Tier 1 capital in accordance with regulatory reporting requirements prior to December 31, 2019. Rules issued in 2013 generally exclude trust preferred securities from Tier 1 capital beginning in 2015. A grandfather provision permitted bank holding companies with consolidated assets of less than 15 billion to continue counting existing trust preferred securities as Tier 1 capital until maturity. As of December 31, 2019, Wesbanco s assets were greater than 15 billion; therefore, all such securities are no longer counted as Tier 1 capital but instead are counted as Tier 2 capital subject to limits. 
 In addition, international capital standards known as Basel III, which were implemented by a U.S. federal banking agencies joint final rule issued in July 2013, and effective January 1, 2015, further increase the minimum capital requirements applicable to Wesbanco and the Bank, which may negatively impact both entities. Additional information about these changes in capital requirements are described above in Item 1. Business Capital Requirements. 
 Regulation of Wesbanco and its subsidiaries is expected to continue to expand in scope and complexity in the future. These laws are expected to have the effect of increasing Wesbanco s costs of operating and reducing its revenues, and may limit its ability to pursue business opportunities or otherwise adversely affect its business and financial condition. The Dodd-Frank Act and other laws, as well as rules implementing or related to them, may adversely affect Wesbanco. Specifically, any governmental or regulatory action having the effect of requiring Wesbanco to obtain additional capital or increase short-term liquidity could reduce earnings and have a material dilutive effect on current shareholders, including the Dodd-Frank Act source of strength requirement that bank holding companies make capital infusions into a troubled subsidiary bank. Legislation and regulation of debit card fees, credit cards and other bank services, as well as changes in Wesbanco s practices relating to those and other bank services, may affect Wesbanco s revenue and other financial results. Additional information about increased regulation is provided in Item 1. Business under the headings Supervision and Regulation, Holding Company Regulations, Capital Requirements, Dodd-Frank Act, and Consumer Protection Laws. 
 SEVERE WEATHER, NATURAL DISASTERS, DISEASE PANDEMICS, ACTS OF WAR OR TERRORISM, INTERNATIONAL HOSTILITIES, DOMESTIC CIVIL UNREST AND OTHER EXTERNAL EVENTS COULD SIGNIFICANTLY ADVERSELY IMPACT WESBANCO S BUSINESS. 
 The unpredictable nature of events such as severe weather, natural disasters, disease pandemics, acts of war or terrorism, international hostilities, domestic civil unrest and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on Wesbanco s ability to conduct business. If any of our financial, accounting, network or other information processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings due to external events, Wesbanco could be materially adversely affected. Third parties with which Wesbanco does business could also be sources of operational risk to Wesbanco, including the risk that the third parties own network and information processing systems could fail. Any of these occurrences could materially diminish Wesbanco s ability to operate or result in potential liability to customers, reputational damage, and regulatory intervention, any of which could materially adversely affect Wesbanco. Such events could affect the stability of Wesbanco s deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, impair Wesbanco s liquidity, result in loss of revenue, and/or cause Wesbanco to incur additional expenses. 
 15 

THE SOUNDNESS OF OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS COULD ADVERSELY IMPACT WESBANCO. 
 Financial service institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. Wesbanco has exposure to various industries and counterparties, and Wesbanco routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutions. As a result, a default by, or potential default by, a financial institution could result in market-wide liquidity problems, losses or other financial institution defaults. Many of these transactions could expose Wesbanco to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. These losses or defaults could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 CURRENT MARKET INTEREST RATES AND COST OF FUNDS MAY NEGATIVELY IMPACT WESBANCO S BANKING BUSINESS. 
 Fluctuations in interest rates may negatively impact the business of the Bank. The Bank s main source of income from operations is net interest income, which is equal to the difference between the interest income received on interest-bearing assets (usually loans and investment securities) and the interest expense incurred in connection with interest-bearing liabilities (usually deposits and borrowings). These rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond Wesbanco s control, including general economic conditions, both domestic and foreign, and the monetary and fiscal policies of various governmental and regulatory authorities. Wesbanco Bank s net interest income can be affected significantly by changes in market interest rates and the shape of the yield curve. Changes in relative interest rates may reduce the Bank s net interest income as the difference between interest income and interest expense decreases. As a result, the Bank has adopted asset and liability management policies to minimize the potential adverse effects of changes in interest rates on net interest income, primarily by altering the mix and maturity of loans, investments and funding sources. However, even with these policies in place and with an asset-sensitive balance sheet at year-end that should benefit net interest income as interest rates increase, Wesbanco cannot be certain that changes in interest rates or the shape of the interest rate yield curve will not negatively impact its results of operations or financial position. The increase in interest rates in 2022 caused a decrease in the fair value of securities within our investment portfolio of which the unrealized losses were recorded in other comprehensive income. 
 In a period of rising rates with a relatively flat or inverted yield curve environment, Wesbanco s cost of funds for banking operations may increase at a faster pace than loan and investment yields. The cost of funds may also increase as a result of future general economic conditions, interest rates and competitive pressures. The Bank has traditionally obtained funds principally through deposits and borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB), correspondent banks, and other wholesale borrowing sources. As a general matter, deposits are a cheaper source of funds than borrowings because interest rates paid for deposits are typically less than interest rates charged for borrowings. If, as a result of general economic conditions, market interest rates, competitive pressures or higher deposit betas in relation to increases in federal funds rate increases, the value of deposits at the Bank decreases relative to its overall banking operations, the Bank may have to rely more heavily on borrowings as a source of funds in the future. 
 INTEREST RATES ON WESBANCO S OUTSTANDING FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS MIGHT BE SUBJECT TO CHANGE BASED ON THE REPLACEMENT OF LIBOR. 
 London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and certain other benchmarks are the subject of recent national, international, and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to become unavailable, to perform differently than in the past or have other consequences, which cannot be predicted. On July 27, 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, publicly announced that it intended to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021. The Federal Reserve Board has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as the preferred reference rate alternative to LIBOR for loan pricing and hedge accounting purposes. Once LIBOR is discontinued, if the proposed replacement rate for LIBOR differs materially from LIBOR, interest rates on our floating rate obligations, loans, deposits, derivatives, and other financial instruments tied to LIBOR rates, as well as the revenue and expenses associated with those financial instruments, may be adversely affected. Further, any uncertainty regarding the continued use and reliability of LIBOR as a benchmark interest rate could adversely affect the value of our floating rate obligations, loans, deposits, derivatives, and other financial instruments tied to LIBOR rates. On March 5, 2021, the U.K. FCA and Intercontinental Exchange ICE Benchmark Administration announced that the publication of the overnight, as well as, the one, three, six, and twelve month LIBOR rates will continue to be published through June 30, 2023. On October 20, 2021, the Federal Reserve Board, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC ), and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation along with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, National Credit Union Administration, and State Bank and Credit Union Regulators, issued an additional Joint Statement on Managing the LIBOR Transition to once again emphasize the expectation that supervised institutions with LIBOR exposure continue to progress toward an orderly transition away from LIBOR. The statement confirmed that entering into new contracts, including derivatives that use LIBOR as a reference rate after December 31, 2021, would create safety and soundness risks, including litigation, operational, and consumer protection risks. On March 15, 2022, President Biden signed the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act into law (the LIBOR Act ). The LIBOR Act provides a clear and uniform federal solution for transitioning legacy contracts that either lack or contain insufficient contractual provisions addressing the permanent cessation of LIBOR by providing for the transition from LIBOR to a replacement rate and avoiding related litigation. 
 
 16 

Transitioning from LIBOR to alternative rates also may result in operational errors during the transition such that the replacement rate is not applied in a timely manner or is incorrectly applied. This is particularly true given the volume of contracts that will require transition and the diversity of potential approaches to transition and given the possibility that the period during which the transition will need to take place may have a short duration. Similarly, our failure to successfully implement transition from LIBOR to alternative rates could result in regulatory scrutiny and actions by our regulators including fines and other supervisory sanctions. It is also possible that LIBOR quotes will become unavailable prior to the currently anticipated cessation dates. In that case, the risks associated with the transition to an alternative reference rate will be accelerated and magnified. These risks may also be increased due to the shorter time for preparing for the transition. 
 SIGNIFICANT DECLINES IN U.S. AND GLOBAL MARKETS COULD HAVE A NEGATIVE IMPACT ON WESBANCO S EARNINGS. 
 The capital and credit markets could experience extreme disruption. These conditions result in less liquidity, greater volatility, widening of credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in certain asset types. In many cases, markets could exert downward pressure on stock prices, security prices and credit capacity for certain issuers without regard to those issuers underlying financial strength. Sustained weakness in business and economic conditions in any or all of the domestic or foreign financial markets could result in credit deterioration in investment securities held by us, rating agency downgrades for such securities or other market factors that (such as lack of liquidity for re-sales, absence of reliable pricing information or unanticipated changes in the competitive market) could result in us having to recognize other-than-temporary impairment in the value of such investment securities, with a corresponding charge against earnings. Furthermore, our pension assets are primarily invested in equity and debt securities, and weakness in capital and credit markets could result in deterioration of these assets, and changes in certain key pension assumptions based on current interest rates, long-term rates of return and other economic or actuarial assumptions may increase minimum funding contributions and future pension expense. If these markets were to deteriorate further, these conditions may be material to Wesbanco s ability to access capital and may adversely impact results of operations. 
 Further, Wesbanco s trust and investment services income could be impacted by fluctuations in the securities market. A portion of this revenue is based on the value of the underlying investment portfolios. If the values of those investment portfolios decline, the Bank s revenue could be negatively impacted. 
 Inflation can also have a significant effect upon interest rates and ultimately upon financial performance. Wesbanco s ability to cope with inflation and to respond to changing market interest rates, as well as its ability to manage the various elements of non-interest income and expense during periods of increasing or decreasing inflation could have a significant impact on profitability. Wesbanco monitors the level and mix of interest-rate sensitive assets and liabilities through its Asset/Liability Committee ALCO in order to reduce the impact of inflation on net interest income. Management may not be able to control the effects of inflation as needed and the results may adversely impact results of operations. 
 A HIGH PERCENTAGE OF WESBANCO S LOAN PORTFOLIO IS IN WEST VIRGINIA, OHIO, PENNSYLVANIA, KENTUCKY, INDIANA, MARYLAND, VIRGINIA AND TENNESSEE AND IN COMMERCIAL AND RESIDENTIAL REAL ESTATE. DETERIORATIONS IN ECONOMIC CONDITIONS IN THIS AREA OR IN THE REAL ESTATE MARKET GENERALLY COULD BE MORE HARMFUL TO THE COMPANY COMPARED TO MORE DIVERSIFIED INSTITUTIONS. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 20 of Wesbanco s loan portfolio was comprised of residential real estate loans, and 57 was comprised of commercial real estate loans. 
 Inherent risks of commercial real estate CRE lending include the cyclical nature of the real estate market, construction risk and interest rate risk. The cyclical nature of real estate markets can cause CRE loans to suffer considerable distress. During these times of distress, a property s performance can be negatively affected by tenants deteriorating credit strength and lease expirations in times of softening demand caused by economic deterioration or over-supply conditions. Even if borrowers are able to meet their payment obligations, they may find it difficult to refinance their full loan amounts at maturity due to declines in property value. Other risks associated with CRE lending include regulatory changes and environmental liability. Regulatory changes in tax legislation, zoning or similar external conditions including environmental liability may affect property values and the economic feasibility of existing and proposed real estate projects. 
 The Company s CRE loan portfolio is concentrated predominantly in West Virginia, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Indiana, Maryland, northern Virginia and Tennessee. There is a wide variety of economic conditions within the local markets of the six states in which most of the company s CRE loan portfolio is situated. Rates of employment, consumer loan demand, household formation, and the level of economic activity can vary widely from state to state and among metropolitan areas, cities and towns. Metropolitan markets comprise various submarkets where property values and demand can be affected by many factors, such as demographic makeup, geographic features, transportation, recreation, local government, school systems, utility infrastructure, tax burden, building-stock age, zoning and building codes, and available land for development. As a result of the high concentration of the company s loan portfolio, it may be more sensitive, as compared to more diversified institutions, to future disruptions in and deterioration of this market, which could lead to losses, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the company. 
 17 

RISKS INHERENT IN MUNICIPAL BONDS COULD HAVE A NEGATIVE IMPACT ON WESBANCO S EARNINGS. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 34 of Wesbanco s total securities portfolio was invested in municipal bonds. Although Wesbanco s municipal portfolio is broadly spread across the U.S., any downturn in the economy of a state or municipality in which Wesbanco holds municipal obligations could increase the default risk of the respective debt. In addition, a portion of Wesbanco s municipal portfolio is comprised of Build America bonds. Due to the government sequester reducing the interest subsidy that the government provides to the issuing municipalities, extraordinary redemption provisions ERP may be executed by the municipality if it is in their favor to do so. There is a risk that when an ERP is executed, Wesbanco may not recover its amortized cost in the bond if it was purchased at a premium. Credit risks are also prevalent when downgrades of credit ratings are issued by major credit rating agencies, which are caused by creditworthiness issues of both bond insurers and the municipality itself. Credit rating downgrades to a non-investment grade level may force Wesbanco to sell a municipal bond at a price where amortized cost may not be recovered. Rising interest rates could also cause the current market values of our municipal bond portfolio to decline as they all have a fixed interest component. Any of the above default risks, early redemption risks and credit risks could cause Wesbanco to take impairment charges, which could be significant, that would negatively impact earnings. 
 RISKS RELATED TO THE BUSINESS OF BANKING 
 CUSTOMERS MAY DEFAULT ON THE REPAYMENT OF LOANS, WHICH COULD SIGNIFICANTLY IMPACT RESULTS OF OPERATIONS THROUGH INCREASES IN THE PROVISION AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES. 
 The Bank s customers may default on the repayment of loans, which may negatively impact Wesbanco s earnings due to loss of principal and interest income. Increased operating expenses may result from the allocation of management time and resources to the collection and work-out of the loan. Collection efforts may or may not be successful causing Wesbanco to write off the loan or repossess the collateral securing the loan, which may or may not exceed the balance of the loan. 
 HIGHER FDIC DEPOSIT INSURANCE PREMIUMS AND ASSESSMENTS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT WESBANCO S FINANCIAL CONDITION. 
 Since crossing over 10 billion in total assets in 2018, Wesbanco Bank s FDIC insurance premiums have increased due to a higher assessment rate based on a more complex calculation that includes Wesbanco Bank s CAMELS ratings, its ability to withstand asset-related and funding-related stress and potential loss severity of its assets. If premium assessment rates were to further increase, it would negatively impact Wesbanco s earnings. 
 RISKS RELATED TO ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS 
 CECL COULD RESULT IN SIGNIFICANT VOLATILITY OF THE ESTIMATION OF CREDIT LOSSES AND MAY HAVE A MATERIAL IMPACT ON OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION OR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 In September 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued an accounting standard update, ASU 2016-13 (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which was adopted by Wesbanco as of January 1, 2020 and replaced the former incurred loss model for recognizing credit losses with an expected loss model referred to as the CECL model. Under the CECL model, we are required to present certain financial assets carried at amortized cost, such as loans held for investment and held-to-maturity debt securities, at the net amount expected to be collected. The allowance for credit losses under CECL is calculated utilizing the PD / LGD, which is then discounted to net present value. PD is the probability the asset will default within a given time frame and LGD is the percentage of the asset not expected to be collected due to default. The primary macroeconomic drivers of the quantitative model include forecasts of national unemployment and interest rates, as well as modeling adjustments for changes in prepayment speeds, loan risk grades, portfolio mix, concentrations and loan growth. Any changes in the model inputs may create more volatility in the level of our allowance for credit losses. Any material increase in our level of allowance for credit losses or expenses incurred to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Wesbanco s regulatory agencies (FDIC and WVDIF for Wesbanco Bank, Inc. and the Federal Reserve for Wesbanco, Inc.) periodically review the allowance for credit losses. The regulatory agencies interpretations may differ from Wesbanco s interpretations. These differences could negatively impact Wesbanco s results of operations or financial position. 
 WESBANCO MAY BE REQUIRED TO WRITE DOWN GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS, CAUSING ITS FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS TO BE NEGATIVELY AFFECTED. 
 When Wesbanco acquires a business, a portion of the purchase price of the acquisition is allocated to goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets. The amount of the purchase price which is allocated to goodwill and other intangible assets is determined by the excess of the purchase price over the net identifiable assets acquired. Wesbanco s goodwill was approximately 1.1 billion or 45 and 1.1 billion or 41 of stockholders equity as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Under current accounting standards, if Wesbanco determines that goodwill 
 18 

or intangible assets are impaired, it is required to write down the carrying value of these assets. Wesbanco conducts an annual review to determine whether goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets are impaired. Wesbanco completed such an impairment analysis in late 2022 and concluded that no impairment charge was necessary for the year ended December 31, 2022. Wesbanco cannot provide assurance that it will not be required to take an impairment charge in the future. Any impairment charge would have a negative effect on its shareholders equity and financial results and may cause a decline in our stock price. 
 OPERATIONAL RISKS 
 DUE TO INCREASED COMPETITION, WESBANCO MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN BANKING CUSTOMERS AT CURRENT LEVELS. 
 Wesbanco operates in a highly competitive banking and financial industry that could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes. Wesbanco faces banking competition in all the markets it serves from the following: 
 local, regional and national banks; 

savings and loans; 

internet banks; 

credit unions; 

payday lenders and money services businesses; 

finance companies; 

online trading and robo-advisors; 

financial technology companies and other non-bank lenders; and 

brokerage firms serving Wesbanco s market areas. 

In particular, Wesbanco s competitors include several major national financial companies whose greater resources may afford them a marketplace advantage by enabling them to maintain numerous banking locations and mount extensive promotional and advertising campaigns. Additionally, banks and other financial institutions may have products and services not offered by Wesbanco such as new payment system technologies and cryptocurrency, which may cause current and potential customers to choose those institutions. Areas of competition include interest rates for loans and deposits, efforts to obtain deposits and range and quality of services provided. Competitively priced deposits from other banks may cause a loss of deposits to be replaced by more expensive wholesale funding. Wesbanco also faces competition from financial technology FinTech companies, who may more efficiently underwrite and close small business and consumer loans as well as more quickly and efficiently open deposit accounts. In addition to providing products and services traditionally offered by banks, some FinTech companies allow customers to complete financial transactions without the need for bank intermediaries. This could result in the loss of revenue from transaction fees and fewer customer accounts. If Wesbanco is unable to attract new and retain current customers, loan and deposit growth could decrease, causing Wesbanco s results of operations and financial condition to be negatively impacted. 
 WESBANCO MAY NOT BE ABLE TO EXPAND ITS TRUST AND INVESTMENT SERVICES SEGMENT AND RETAIN ITS CURRENT CUSTOMERS. 
 Wesbanco may not be able to attract new and retain current investment management clients due to competition from the following: 
 commercial banks and trust companies; 

mutual fund companies; 

investment advisory firms; 

law firms; 

brokerage firms; and 

other financial services companies. 

Its ability to successfully attract and retain investment management clients is dependent upon its ability to compete with competitors investment products, level of investment performance, client services and marketing and distribution capabilities. Due to changes in economic conditions, the performance of the trust and investment services segment may be negatively impacted by the financial markets in which investment clients assets are invested, causing clients to seek other alternative investment options. If Wesbanco is not successful, its results from operations and financial position may be negatively impacted. 
 19 

FUTURE EXPANSION BY WESBANCO MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AS WELL AS DILUTE THE INTERESTS OF OUR SHAREHOLDERS AND NEGATIVELY AFFECT THE PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK. 
 Wesbanco may acquire other financial institutions, or branches or assets of other financial institutions, in the future. Wesbanco may also open new branches and enter into new lines of business or offer new products or services. Any such expansion of our business will involve a number of expenses and risks, which may include: 
 the time and expense associated with identifying and evaluating potential expansions; 

the potential inaccuracy of estimates and judgments used to evaluate credit, operations, management and market risk with respect to target institutions; 

the time and costs of evaluating new markets, hiring local management and opening new offices, and the delay between commencing these activities and the generation of profits from the expansion; 

the risk we could discover undisclosed liabilities resulting from any acquisitions for which we may become responsible; 

our financing of the expansion; 

the diversion of management s attention to the negotiation of a transaction and the integration of the operations and personnel of the combining businesses; 

entry into unfamiliar markets; 

the introduction of new products and services into our existing business; 

the incurrence and possible impairment of goodwill associated with an acquisition and possible adverse short-term effects on our results of operations; 

the risk that benefits such as enhanced earnings that we anticipate from any new acquisitions may not develop and future results of the combined companies may be materially lower from those estimated; and 

the risk of loss of key employees and customers. 

We can give no assurance that integration efforts for any future acquisitions will be successful. Our inability to successfully integrate future acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, we may issue equity securities in connection with acquisitions, which could dilute the economic and voting interests of our existing shareholders. 
 No assurance can be given that Wesbanco will be successful overcoming the risks as disclosed above. The risks associated with entering into a new market and any inability to overcome these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 SUITABLE ACQUISITION OPPORTUNITIES MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE TO WESBANCO IN THE FUTURE. 
 Wesbanco continually evaluates opportunities to acquire other businesses. However, Wesbanco may not have the opportunity to make suitable acquisitions on favorable terms in the future, which could negatively impact the growth of its business. Wesbanco expects that other banking and financial companies, many of which have significantly greater resources, will compete to acquire compatible businesses. This competition could increase prices for acquisitions that Wesbanco would likely pursue, and its competitors may have greater resources than it does. Also, acquisitions of regulated businesses such as banks are subject to various regulatory approvals. If Wesbanco fails to receive the appropriate regulatory approvals, it will not be able to consummate an acquisition that it believes is in its best interests. 
 WESBANCO IS EXPOSED TO OPERATIONAL RISK THAT COULD ADVERSELY IMPACT THE COMPANY. 
 Wesbanco is exposed to multiple types of operational risk, including reputational risk, legal and compliance risk, the risk of fraud or theft by employees or outsiders, clerical or record-keeping errors and computer or telecommunications systems malfunctions. Wesbanco s business is dependent on the ability to process a large number of increasingly complex transactions. Wesbanco could be materially and adversely affected if employees, clients, counterparties or other third parties caused an operational breakdown or failure, as a result of either human error, fraudulent manipulation or purposeful damage to any of our operations or systems. 
 20 

LOSS OF KEY EMPLOYEES COULD IMPACT GROWTH AND EARNINGS AND MAY HAVE AN ADVERSE IMPACT ON BUSINESS. 
 Our operating results and ability to adequately manage our growth are highly dependent on the services, managerial abilities and performance of our key employees, including executive officers and senior management. Our success depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified management, loan origination, finance, administrative, marketing and technical personnel and upon the continued contributions of management personnel. The loss of services, or the inability to successfully complete planned or unplanned transitions of key personnel approaching normal retirement age, could have an adverse impact on Wesbanco s business, operating results and financial condition because of their skills, knowledge of the local markets, years of industry experience and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. In addition, the transition to increased work-from-home (remote or hybrid work environments) may exacerbate the challenges of attracting and retaining talented and diverse employees as job markets may be less constrained by physical geography. Filling open positions is also challenging in this environment and may adversely impact our business segments. 
 LIMITED AVAILABILITY OF BORROWINGS AND LIQUIDITY FROM THE FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK SYSTEM AND OTHER SOURCES COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT EARNINGS. 
 Wesbanco Bank is currently a member bank of the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of Pittsburgh. Membership in this system of quasi-governmental, regional home-loan oriented agency banks allows us to participate in various programs offered by the FHLB. We borrow funds from the FHLB, which are secured by a blanket lien on certain residential and commercial mortgage loans, and if applicable, investment securities with collateral values in excess of the outstanding balances. Future earnings shortfalls and minimum capital requirements of the FHLB may impact the collateral necessary to secure borrowings and limit the borrowings extended to their member banks, as well as require additional capital contributions by member banks. The FHLB s rating assigned to Wesbanco Bank may also negatively impact the amount of term collateral and other conditions imposed by the FHLB upon Wesbanco Bank. Should these situations occur, Wesbanco s short-term liquidity needs could be negatively impacted. If Wesbanco was restricted from using FHLB advances due to weakness in the system or with the FHLB of Pittsburgh, Wesbanco may be forced to find alternative funding sources. If Wesbanco is required to rely more heavily on higher cost funding sources, revenues may not increase proportionately to cover these costs, which would adversely affect Wesbanco s results of operations and financial position. 
 WESBANCO S FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS DEPEND ON THE SUCCESSFUL GROWTH OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES. 
 Wesbanco s primary business activity for the foreseeable future will be to act as the holding company of its banking and other subsidiaries. Therefore, Wesbanco s future profitability will depend on the success and growth of these subsidiaries. In the future, part of Wesbanco s growth may come from buying other banks and buying or establishing other companies. Such entities may not be profitable after they are purchased or established, and they may lose money or be dilutive to earnings per share, particularly for the first few years. A new bank or company may bring with it unexpected liabilities, bad loans, or poor employee relations, or the new bank or company may lose customers and the associated revenue. Dilution of book and tangible book value may occur as a result of an acquisition that may not be earned back for several years, if at all. 
 WESBANCO MAY NEED TO RAISE CAPITAL IN THE FUTURE, BUT CAPITAL MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE WHEN NEEDED OR AT ACCEPTABLE TERMS. 
 Federal and state banking regulators require Wesbanco and its banking subsidiary, Wesbanco Bank, to maintain adequate levels of capital to support its operations. In addition, in the future Wesbanco may need to raise additional capital to support its business or to finance acquisitions, if any, or Wesbanco may otherwise elect to raise additional capital in anticipation of future growth opportunities. Since Wesbanco s total assets increased above 15 billion due to recent acquisitions, certain trust preferred securities are no longer included in the Tier 1 capital of the risk-based capital guidelines; however, they are counted as Tier 2 capital. 
 Although Wesbanco successfully raised 150 million of Series A preferred stock in 2020 and also issued 150 million of fixed-to-floating subordinated debentures in 2022, Wesbanco s ability to raise additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital for parent company or banking subsidiary needs will depend on conditions and interest rates at that time in the capital markets, overall economic conditions, Wes banco s financial performance and condition, and other factors, many of which are outside our control. There is no assurance that, if needed, Wesbanco will be able to raise additional equity or secured /unsecured debt that may count as Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital on favorable terms or at all. An inability to raise additional capital may have a material adverse effect on our ability to expand operations, and on our financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 21 

WESBANCO S ABILITY TO MITIGATE RISK DEPENDS ON OUR ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK. 
 Wesbanco has implemented a risk appetite statement and an enterprise risk management framework to identify and manage our risk exposures while maintaining a safe and sound banking organization. This framework is comprised of various processes, systems and strategies, and is designed to manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including, among others, credit, legal and compliance, liquidity, market, operational, reputational and strategic risks. Included in this framework are three independent lines of defense, which allows Wesbanco to effectively govern and manage risk. If our risk management framework is not effective, Wesbanco could be exposed to unexpected losses and become subject to regulatory consequences, as a result of which our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected. 
 RISKS RELATED TO THE USE OF TECHNOLOGY 
 INTERRUPTION TO OUR INFORMATION SYSTEMS OR BREACHES IN SECURITY COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT WESBANCO S OPERATIONS. 
 Wesbanco relies on information systems and communications for operating and monitoring all major aspects of business, as well as internal management functions. Any failure, interruption, intrusion or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in the Wesbanco customer relationship, management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. While Wesbanco has policies, procedures and technical safeguards designed to prevent or limit the effect of any failure, interruption, intrusion or security breach of its information systems, and also performs testing of business continuity and disaster recovery plans, there can be no absolute assurance that the above-noted issues will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. 
 There have been efforts on the part of third parties to breach data security at various financial institutions. The ability of our customers to bank remotely, including online and through mobile devices, requires secure transmission of confidential information and increases the risk of data security breaches. Because the techniques used to attack financial services company communications and information systems change frequently (and generally increase in sophistication), often attacks are not recognized until launched against a target, may be supported by foreign governments or other well-financed entities, and may originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world, we may be unable to address these techniques in advance of attacks, including by implementing adequate preventative measures. Certain financial institutions in the United States have also experienced attacks from technically sophisticated and well-resourced third parties that were intended to disrupt normal business activities by making internet banking systems inaccessible to customers for extended periods. These denial-of-service attacks, if attempted, would require substantial resources to defend, and may affect customer satisfaction and behavior. Moreover, the development and maintenance of preventative and detective measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Despite our efforts, the possibility of these events occurring cannot be eliminated. 
 Cyber-attacks on third party retailers or other business establishments that widely accept debit card or check payments could compromise sensitive bank customer information, such as debit card and account numbers. Such an attack could result in significant costs to the bank, such as costs to reimburse customers, reissue debit cards and open new customer accounts. 
 The occurrence of any such failure, disruption or security breach of Wesbanco s information systems, particularly if widespread or resulting in financial losses to our customers, could damage Wesbanco s reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject Wesbanco to additional regulatory scrutiny, and expose Wesbanco to civil litigation and possible financial liability. In addition, the prevalence of cyber-attacks and other efforts to breach or disrupt our systems has led, and will continue to lead, to costs to Wesbanco with respect to prevention and mitigation of these risks, as well as costs reimbursing customers for losses suffered as a result of these actions. Successful attacks or systems failures at other large financial institutions, whether or not Wesbanco is included, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in financial institutions with a potential negative impact on Wesbanco s business, additional demands on the part of our regulators, and increased costs to deal with risks identified as a result of the problems affecting others. The risks described above could have a material effect on Wesbanco s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 WESBANCO DEPENDS ON THIRD PARTIES FOR PROCESSING AND HANDLING OF COMPANY RECORDS AND DATA. 
 Wesbanco relies on software developed by third party vendors to process various transactions. These transactions include, but are not limited to, general ledger, payroll, employee benefits, trust record keeping, loan and deposit processing, merchant processing, and securities portfolio management. While Wesbanco performs a review of controls instituted by the vendors over these programs in accordance with industry standards and performs its own testing of user controls, Wesbanco must rely on the continued maintenance and improvement of these controls by the third party, including safeguards over the security of customer data. In addition, Wesbanco maintains backups of key processing output daily in the event of a failure on the part of any of these systems. Nonetheless, Wesbanco may incur a temporary disruption in its ability to conduct its business or process its transactions or incur damage to its reputation if the third party vendor, or the third party vendor s subcontractor, fails to adequately maintain internal controls or institute necessary changes to systems. Such disruption or breach of security may have a material adverse effect on Wesbanco s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 22 

FAILURE TO KEEP PACE WITH TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT WESBANCO S RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. 
 The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. Wesbanco s future success depends, in part, upon its ability to address customer needs by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in Wesbanco s operations, which was done in 2021 as Wesbanco completed its core banking software conversion. The adoption of new technologies by competitors, including internet banking services, mobile applications, advanced ATM functionality and cryptocurrencies could require Wesbanco to make additional substantial investments to modify or adapt the existing products and services or even radically alter the way Wesbanco conducts business. These and other capital investments in the Company's business may not produce expected growth in earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure. Wesbanco also may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could negatively affect Wesbanco s growth, revenue, and profit. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RISKS 
 WESBANCO HAS OUTSTANDING SECURITIES SENIOR TO OUR COMMON STOCK WHICH COULD LIMIT OUR ABILITY TO PAY DIVIDENDS ON THE COMMON STOCK. 
 Wesbanco has outstanding Series A Preferred Stock that is senior to our common stock and could adversely affect our ability to declare or pay dividends or distributions on our common stock. The terms of the preferred stock offering prohibits us from declaring or paying dividends or making distributions on our common stock unless the full dividends for the most recently completed dividend period have been declared and paid, or set aside for payment, on all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Whenever dividends on any shares of Series A Preferred Stock have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of six or more dividend payments, whether or not for consecutive dividend periods (a Nonpayment Event ), the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, voting together as a class with holders of any and all other series of voting preferred stock then outstanding would be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two additional members of our board of directors (the Preferred Stock Directors ), provided that our board of directors shall at no time include more than two Preferred Stock Directors and that the election of any Preferred Stock Directors shall not cause us to violate the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq Stock Market (or any other exchange on which our securities may be listed) including the requirements that listed companies must have a majority of independent directors. In the event that the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and other holders of voting preferred stock are entitled to vote for the election of the Preferred Stock Directors following a Nonpayment Event, the number of directors on our board of directors shall automatically increase by two, and the new directors shall be elected at a special meeting called at the request of the holders of record of at least 20 of the Series A Preferred Stock or of any other series of voting preferred stock (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of the shareholders, in which event such election shall be held only at such next annual or special meeting of shareholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting. These voting rights will continue until dividends on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock and any such series of voting preferred stock for at least four consecutive dividend periods following the Nonpayment Event shall have been fully paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of such dividends shall have been set aside for payment). 
 WESBANCO S ABILITY TO PAY DIVIDENDS IS LIMITED, AND COMMON STOCK DIVIDENDS MAY HAVE TO BE REDUCED OR ELIMINATED. 
 Subject to restrictions described in the previous risk factor, holders of shares of Wesbanco s common stock are entitled to dividends if, when, and as declared by Wesbanco s Board of Directors out of funds legally available for that purpose. Although the Board of Directors has declared and increased shareholder dividends in the past, the current ability to pay such dividends is largely dependent upon the receipt of dividends from the Bank. Federal and state laws impose restrictions on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends, which restrictions are more fully described in Item 1. Business Payment of Dividends. In general, future dividend policy is subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon a number of factors, including Wesbanco s and the Bank s future earnings, liquidity and capital requirements, regulatory constraints and financial condition. 
 23 

Volatility in the price and volume of our stock may be unfavorable. 
 The market price of our common stock can be volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in price in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Some of these factors include, without limitation: 
 prevailing market conditions; 

our financial and operating results; 

estimates of our business potential and earnings prospects; 

an overall assessment of our management; 

changes in interest rates; 

business interruptions, such as may result from natural disasters, health concerns such as the coronavirus or other events; 

our performance relative to our peers; 

market demand for our shares; 

perceptions of the banking industry in general; 

political influences on investor sentiment; and 

consumer confidence. 

At times, the stock markets, including the Nasdaq Stock Market, on which our common stock is listed, may experience significant price and volume fluctuations. As a result, the market price of our common stock is likely to be similarly volatile and investors in our common stock may experience a decrease in the value of their shares, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. 
 In addition, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 24 

ITEM 2. PR OPERTIES 
 Wesbanco s subsidiaries generally own their respective offices, related facilities and any unimproved real property held for future expansion. At December 31, 2022, Wesbanco operated 194 banking offices in West Virginia, Ohio, western Pennsylvania, Kentucky, southern Indiana and Maryland, of which 141 were owned and 53 were leased. Wesbanco also operated ten loan production offices leased in West Virginia, Ohio, western Pennsylvania, Maryland, Indiana, Tennessee and northern Virginia. These leases expire at various dates through January 2062 and generally include options to renew. The Bank also owns several regional headquarters buildings in various markets, most of which also house a banking office and/or certain back office functions. 
 The main office of Wesbanco is located at 1 Bank Plaza, Wheeling, West Virginia, in a building owned by the Bank. The building contains approximately 100,000 square feet and serves as the main office for both Wesbanco s community banking segment and its trust and investment services segment, as well as its executive offices. The Bank s major back office operations currently occupy approximately 90 of the space available in an office building connected via sky-bridge to the main office. This adjacent back office building is owned by Wesbanco Properties, Inc., a subsidiary of Wesbanco, with the remainder of the building leased to unrelated businesses. 
 At various building locations, Wesbanco rents or makes available commercial office space to unrelated businesses. Rental income totaled 1.7 million, 1.8 million and 1.8 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For additional disclosures related to Wesbanco s properties, other fixed assets and leases, please refer to Note 5, Premises and Equipment in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Wesbanco is also involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. While any litigation contains an element of uncertainty, Wesbanco does not believe that a material loss related to such proceedings or claims pending or known to be threatened is reasonably possible. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. 
 25 

PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED S TOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Wesbanco s common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Stock Market under the symbol WSBC. The approximate number of record holders of Wesbanco s 2.0833 par value common stock as of February 15, 2023 was 7,181. The number of holders does not include Wesbanco employees who have purchased stock or had stock allocated to them through Wesbanco s Employee Stock Ownership and 401(k) plan (the KSOP ). All Wesbanco employees who meet the eligibility requirements of the KSOP are included in this retirement plan. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Wesbanco had one active stock repurchase plan which was approved by the Board of Directors on February 24, 2022 for 3.2 million shares. This plan provides for shares to be repurchased for general corporate purposes, which may include a subsequent resource for potential acquisitions, shareholder dividend reinvestment and/or employee benefit plans. The timing, price and quantity of purchases are at the discretion of Wesbanco, and the plan may be discontinued or suspended at any time. The plan has 1,184,601 shares remaining for repurchase. 
 Repurchases in the fourth quarter included open market purchases and those for the KSOP and dividend reinvestment plans. 
 Certain information relating to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is set forth under the heading Equity Compensation Plan Information in Part III, Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The following table shows the activity in Wesbanco s stock repurchase plan and other purchases for the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans (2) 

Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans 

Balance at September 30, 2022 

1,341,234 

October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 

184,177 

35.08 

156,633 

1,184,601 

November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 

1,148 

40.26 

1,184,601 

December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 

1,035 

37.68 

1,184,601 

Total 

186,360 

35.13 

156,633 

1,184,601 

(1) Total shares purchased consist of open market purchases in the KSOP and dividend reinvestment plans and open market purchases for general corporate purposes. 

(2) Represents only open market repurchases for general corporate purposes. 

26 

The following graph shows a comparison of cumulative total shareholder returns for Wesbanco, the Russell 2000 Index and the S P Regional Banks Select Industry Index. The total shareholder return assumes a 100 investment in the common stock of Wesbanco and each index since December 31, 2017 with reinvestment of dividends. 

Period Ending 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

Index 
 
 2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Wesbanco, Inc. 

100.00 

92.61 

98.67 

82.44 

99.98 

109.86 

Russell 2000 

100.00 

88.99 

111.70 

134.00 

153.85 

122.41 

S P Regional Banks Select Industry Index 

100.00 

81.23 

103.68 

96.33 

134.76 

114.88 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 27 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A) represents an overview of the results of operations and financial condition of Wesbanco. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto. This section generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of Wesbanco s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022. 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Forward-looking statements in this report relating to Wesbanco s plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources, are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The information contained in this report should be read in conjunction with Wesbanco s Form 10-Qs for the prior quarters ended March 31, June 30 and September 30, 2022, respectively, and documents subsequently filed by Wesbanco which are available at the SEC s website, www.sec.gov or at Wesbanco s website, www.wesbanco.com. Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements, which are not historical fact, involve risks and uncertainties, including those detailed under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such statements are subject to important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by such statements, including, without limitation, the effects of changing regional and national economic conditions, changes in interest rates, spreads on earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and associated interest rate sensitivity; sources of liquidity available to Wesbanco and its related subsidiary operations; potential future credit losses and the credit risk of commercial, real estate, and consumer loan customers and their borrowing activities; actions of the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the SEC, FINRA, the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, the SIPC, and other regulatory bodies; potential legislative and federal and state regulatory actions and reform, including, without limitation, the impact of the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act; adverse decisions of federal and state courts; fraud, scams and schemes of third parties; cyber security breaches; competitive conditions in the financial services industry; rapidly changing technology affecting financial services; marketability of debt instruments and corresponding impact on fair value adjustments; and/or other external developments materially impacting Wesbanco s operational and financial performance. Wesbanco does not assume any duty to update forward-looking statements. 
 APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 Wesbanco s Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and follow general practices within the industries in which it operates. Application of these principles requires management to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates, assumptions and judgments are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements; accordingly, as this information changes, the financial statements could reflect different estimates, assumptions and judgments. Certain policies inherently have a greater reliance on the use of estimates, assumptions and judgments and as such have a greater possibility of producing results that could be materially different than originally reported. 
 The most significant accounting policies followed by Wesbanco are included in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Consolidated Financial Statements. These policies, along with other Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and this MD A, provide information on how significant assets and liabilities are valued in the financial statements and how those values are determined. Management has identified the allowance for credit losses, the evaluation of goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment and business combinations to be the accounting estimates that require the most subjective or complex judgments, and as such could be most subject to revision as new information becomes available. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses Under CECL, acquired loans or pools of loans that have experienced more-than-insignificant credit deterioration are deemed to be purchased credit-deteriorated PCD loans, and are grossed-up on day 1 by the initial credit estimate through the allowance as opposed to a reduction in the loan s amortized cost. The credit mark on acquired loans deemed not to be PCD loans are reflected as a reduction in the loan s amortized cost, with an allowance and corresponding provision for credit losses recorded in the first reporting period after acquisition through current period earnings, while the loan mark will accrete through interest income over the life of such loans. At acquisition, Wesbanco will consider several factors as indicators that an acquired loan or pool of loans has experienced more-than-insignificant credit deterioration. These factors may include, but are not limited to, loans 30 days or more past due, loans with an internal risk grade of below average or lower, loans classified as non-accrual by the acquired institution, materiality of the credit and loans that have been previously modified in a TDR. Upon adoption of this standard, acquired loans from prior acquisitions that met the guidelines under ASC 310-30 (formerly known as purchased credit-impaired were reclassified as PCD loans. The accretable portion of the loan mark as of adoption date continues to accrete into interest income. However, the non-accretable portion of the loan mark was added to the allowance upon adoption, and any reversals of such mark will flow through the allowance in future periods. The loan mark on ASC 310-20 loans non-purchased credit-impaired from prior acquisitions continues to accrete through interest income over the life of such loans. 
 After the forecast period, Wesbanco reverts back to historical loss rates for a period of up to three years, adjusting for prepayments and curtailments, to estimate losses over the remaining life of loans. The most sensitive assumptions include the length of the forecast and reversion 
 28 

periods, forecast of unemployment and interest rate spreads and prepayment speeds. See Note 4, Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses for further detail. 
 The allowance for credit losses specific to loans reduces the loan portfolio to the net amount expected to be collected, representing the lifetime expected credit losses at the initial origination date. Similarly, an allowance for unfunded loan commitments, which is recorded in other liabilities, represents expected losses on unfunded commitments. Fluctuations in the allowance for credit losses specific to loans, the allowance for unfunded loan commitments, and the allowance for held-to-maturity debt securities are recognized in the provision for credit losses on the consolidated statement of operations. The allowance incorporates forward-looking information and applies a reversion methodology beyond the reasonable and supportable forecast. The allowance is increased by a provision charged to operating expense and reduced by charge-offs, net of recoveries. Management evaluates the appropriateness of the allowance at least quarterly. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant change from period to period. 
 The allowance for credit loss calculation specific to loans is based on the loan s amortized cost basis, which is comprised of the unpaid principal balance of the loan, deferred loan fees (costs) and acquired premium (discount) minus any write-downs. Wesbanco made an accounting policy election to exclude accrued interest from the measurement of the allowance for credit losses, because the Company has a robust policy in place to reverse or write-off accrued interest when the loan is placed on non-accrual, and also made an accounting policy election to reverse accrued interest deemed uncollectible as a reversal of interest income. However, Wesbanco is reserving, as part of the allowance for credit losses, for accrued interest on loan modifications under the CARES Act due to the nature and timing of these deferrals. 
 The allowance for credit losses specific to loans reflects the risk of loss in the loan portfolio. To appropriately measure expected credit losses, management disaggregates the loan portfolio into pools of similar risk characteristics. The Company utilizes the PD / LGD approach to calculate the expected loss for each segment, which is then discounted to net present value. PD is the probability the asset will default within a given timeframe and LGD is the percentage of the assets not expected to be collected due to default. The primary macroeconomic drivers of the quantitative model include forecasts of national unemployment and interest rate spreads. Management relies on macroeconomic forecasts obtained from various reputable sources, which may include the Federal Open Market Committee forecast and other third party forecasts from well recognized, leading economists. These forecasts can range from one to two years, depending upon the facts and circumstances of the current state of the economy, portfolio segment and management s judgement of what can be reasonably supported. The model reversion period ranges from immediate to up to three years. 
 The allowance for credit losses specific to loans is calculated over the loan s contractual life. For term loans, the contractual life is calculated based on the maturity date. For commercial and industrial C I revolving loans with no stated maturity date, the contractual life is calculated based on the internal review date. For all other revolving loans, the contractual life is based on either the estimated maturity date or a default date. The contractual term does not include any expected extensions, renewals or modifications unless management has a reasonable expectation as of the reporting period that Wesbanco will execute a TDR with the borrower. Management assumes a loan will become a TDR if a loan has matured, has a principal balance, and has previously been partially charged-off. This assumption extends the maturity of these loans to six months beyond their respective maturity dates. 
 Contractual terms are adjusted for estimated prepayments to arrive at expected cash flows. Wesbanco models term loans with an annualized prepayment rate. When Wesbanco has a specific expectation of differing payment behavior for a given loan, the loan may be evaluated individually. For revolving loans that do not have a principal payment schedule, a curtailment rate is factored into the cash flow. 
 The evaluation also considers qualitative factors such as economic trends and conditions, which includes levels of regional unemployment, real estate values and the impact on specific industries and geographical markets, changes in lending policies and underwriting standards, delinquency and other credit quality trends, concentrations of credit risk, if any, volume of activity, changes in lending staff, type of collateral and the results of internal loan reviews and examinations by bank regulatory agencies. Management relies on observable data from internal and external sources to the extent it is available to evaluate each of these factors and adjusts the actual historical loss rates to reflect the impact these factors may have on probable losses in the portfolio. 
 Commercial loans, including commercial real estate CRE and C I, are individually-evaluated if they have unique characteristics. Specific reserves are established when appropriate for such loans based on the net present value of expected future cash flows of the loan or the estimated realizable value of the collateral, if any. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Wesbanco accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting. Accordingly, the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any non-controlling interest of an acquired business are recorded at their estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition with any excess of the cost of the acquisition over the fair value recorded as goodwill. Other intangible assets represent purchased assets that lack physical substance but can be distinguished from goodwill because of contractual or other legal rights or because the asset is capable of being sold or exchanged either on its own or in combination with a related contract, asset, or liability. 
 29 

Goodwill is not amortized but is evaluated for impairment annually, or more often if events or circumstances indicate it may be impaired. Finite-lived intangible assets, which consist primarily of core deposit and customer list intangibles (long-term customer-relationship intangible assets) are amortized using straight-line and accelerated methods over their weighted-average estimated useful lives, ranging from ten to sixteen years in total, and are tested for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. Non-compete agreements are recognized in other assets on the balance sheet and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the respective agreements, ranging from one to four years. 
 Wesbanco evaluates goodwill for impairment by determining if the fair value is greater than the carrying value of its reporting units. Wesbanco uses market capitalization, multiples of tangible book value, a discounted cash flow model, and various other market-based methods to estimate the current fair value of its reporting units. In particular, the discounted cash flow model includes various assumptions regarding an investor s required rate of return on Wesbanco common stock, future loan loss provisions, future market spreads and net interest margins, along with various growth and economic recovery and stabilization assumptions of the economy as a whole. The resulting fair values of each method are then weighted based on the relevance and reliability of each respective method in light of the current economic environment to arrive at a weighted average fair value. The evaluation also considered macroeconomic conditions such as the general economic outlook, regional and national unemployment rates, and recent trends in equity and credit markets. Additionally, industry and market considerations, such as market-dependent multiples and metrics relative to peers, were evaluated. Wesbanco also considered recent trends in credit quality, overall financial performance, stock price appreciation, internal forecasts and various other market-based methods to estimate the current fair value of its reporting units. Since adopting ASU 2017-04, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350) , the impairment charge is based on the excess of a reporting unit s carrying amount over its fair value. 
 Intangible assets with finite useful lives are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of an intangible asset with a finite useful life is not recoverable from its undiscounted cash flows and is measured as the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the asset. Wesbanco does not have any indefinite-lived intangible assets. As of December 31, 2022, there were no indicators of impairment related to goodwill or to intangible assets with finite useful lives. 
 Business Combinations Business combinations are accounted for by applying the acquisition method. As of acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are measured at fair value and recognized separately from goodwill. Results of operations of the acquired entities are included in the consolidated statement of income from the date of acquisition. The calculation of intangible assets including core deposits and the fair value of loans are based on significant judgements. Core deposits intangibles are calculated using a discounted cash flow model based on various factors including discount rate, attrition rate, interest rate, cost of alternative funds and net maintenance costs. 
 Loans acquired in connection with acquisitions are recorded at their acquisition-date fair value with no carryover of related allowance for credit losses. Acquired loans are classified into two categories; PCD loans and non-PCD loans. PCD loans are defined as a loan or group of loans that have experienced more than insignificant credit deterioration since origination. Non-PCD loans will have an allowance established on acquisition date, which is recognized in the current period provision for credit losses. For PCD loans, an allowance is recognized on day 1 by adding it to the fair value of the loan, which is the Day 1 amortized cost . There is no credit loss expense recognized on PCD loans because the initial allowance is established by grossing-up the amortized cost of the PCD loan. Determining the fair value of the acquired loans involves estimating the principal and interest cash flows expected to be collected on the loans and discounting those cash flows at a market rate of interest. Management considers a number of factors in evaluating the acquisition-date fair value including the remaining life of the acquired loans, delinquency status, estimated prepayments, payment options and other loan features, internal risk grade, estimated value of the underlying collateral and interest rate environment. 
 30 

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 Net income available to common shareholders decreased 50.1 million or 22.6 to 182.0 million in 2022 compared to 2021. Net income available to common shareholders excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses (non-GAAP measure) decreased 54.1 million or 22.8 to 183.3 million. These decreases were due in large part to the net benefit in the provision for credit losses in 2022 of 1.4 million (net of tax) compared to the net benefit in the 2021 provision of 51.6 million (net of tax). Net interest income increased 16.4 million or 3.6 from 2021, primarily due to loan growth and a rising rate environment. Non-interest income decreased 15.4 million or 11.6 in 2022 compared to 2021, driven by a 14.4 million decrease in mortgage banking income due to lower volume and the retention of more residential mortgage originations. Offsetting the overall decrease somewhat, both service charges on deposits and bank-owned life insurance increased year-over-year by 3.9 million and 1.8 million, respectively. Excluding restructuring and merger-related expenses, non-interest expense increased 8.8 million or 2.5 , driven by increases in salaries and wages, FDIC insurance and equipment and software expense. 
 Total assets as of December 31, 2022 remained relatively flat at 16.9 billion compared to December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, total portfolio loans were 10.7 billion compared to 9.7 billion at December 31, 2021, reflecting a 10.0 increase year-over year. The loan growth funding is reflected within the decrease in cash of 842.9 million or 67.4 at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. Criticized and classified loan balances decreased to 2.34 of total portfolio loans, as compared to 3.75 at December 31, 2021. As a result of improved macroeconomic factors, the provision for credit losses decreased to 1.7) million for the year 2022 compared to 64.3) million in 2021. Annualized net loan charge-offs to average loans for the full year period remained flat compared to 2021 at two basis points for 2022. In March of 2022, Wesbanco completed the issuance of 150.0 million in aggregate principal amount of subordinated debentures. The subordinated debentures have a fixed rate of 3.75 for the first five years and a floating rate for the next five years at Three Month SOFR plus a spread of 1.787 . The subordinated debentures are callable after five years, mature on April 1, 2032 and count towards Tier 2 Capital. 
 Wesbanco continues to maintain what we believe are strong regulatory capital ratios, as both consolidated and bank-level regulatory capital ratios are well above the applicable well-capitalized standards promulgated by bank regulators and the BASEL III capital standards. At December 31, 2022, Tier I leverage was 9.90 , Tier I risk-based capital was 12.33 , total risk-based capital was 15.11 , and the common equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 11.20 . Tangible equity to tangible assets decreased to 8.19 at period-end from 9.84 as of December 31, 2021, due to reduced shareholders' equity balances resulting from stock repurchases occurring throughout 2022, as well as declines in accumulated other comprehensive income. 
 Strong earnings enabled Wesbanco to increase the quarterly dividend to 0.34 and 0.35 per share in the first quarter and fourth quarters of 2022, respectively, the fifteenth and sixteenth increase over the last twelve years, cumulatively representing a 150 increase over that period. 
 31 

Selected financial ratios for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are presented in the table below: 

For the years ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

PER COMMON SHARE INFORMATION 

Earnings per common share basic 

3.03 

3.54 

1.78 

Earnings per common share diluted 

3.02 

3.53 

1.77 

Earnings per common share diluted, excluding certain items (1)(2) 

3.04 

3.62 

1.88 

Dividends declared per common share 

1.37 

1.32 

1.28 

Book value at year end 

38.55 

40.91 

39.17 

Tangible book value at year end (1) 

19.43 

22.61 

21.75 

Average common shares outstanding basic 

60,047,177 

65,520,527 

67,260,796 

Average common shares outstanding diluted 

60,215,374 

65,669,970 

67,310,584 

Period end common shares outstanding 

59,198,963 

62,307,245 

67,254,706 

Period end preferred shares outstanding 

150,000 

150,000 

150,000 

SELECTED RATIOS 

Return on average assets 

1.08 

1.37 

0.73 

Return on average assets, excluding certain items (1)(2) 

1.09 

1.40 

0.77 

Return on average tangible assets (1) 

1.21 

1.53 

0.85 

Return on average tangible assets, excluding certain items (1)(2) 

1.22 

1.56 

0.90 

Return on average equity 

7.23 

8.40 

4.50 

Return on average equity, excluding certain items (1)(2) 

7.29 

8.59 

4.79 

Return on average tangible equity (1) 

13.78 

14.89 

8.61 

Return on average tangible equity, excluding certain items (1)(2) 

13.88 

15.22 

9.12 

Return on average tangible common equity (1) 

15.39 

16.35 

8.94 

Return on average tangible common equity, excluding certain items (1)(2) 

15.50 

16.71 

9.47 

Net interest margin (3) 

3.20 

3.11 

3.37 

Efficiency ratio (1) 

59.53 

58.22 

56.38 

Average loans to average deposits 

74.21 

78.11 

91.66 

Allowance for credit losses - loans to total loans 

1.10 

1.25 

1.72 

Allowance for credit losses - loans to total non-performing loans 

284.41 

308.00 

455.38 

Non-performing assets to total assets 

0.25 

0.23 

0.25 

Net loan charge-offs to average loans 

0.02 

0.02 

0.06 

Average shareholders equity to average assets 

14.90 

16.33 

16.13 

Tangible equity to tangible assets (1) 

8.19 

9.84 

10.52 

Tangible common equity to tangible assets (1) 

7.28 

8.92 

9.58 

Tier 1 leverage ratio 

9.90 

10.02 

10.51 

Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 

12.33 

14.05 

14.72 

Total capital to risk-weighted assets 

15.11 

15.91 

17.58 

Common equity tier 1 capital ratio (CET 1) 

11.20 

12.77 

13.40 

Dividend payout ratio 

45.36 

37.39 

72.32 

Trust assets at market value (4) 

4,878,479 

5,644,975 

5,025,565 

(1) See Non-GAAP Measures for additional information relating to the calculation of this item. 

(2) Certain items excluded from the calculation consist of after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses. 

(3) Presented on a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) and annualized basis. The FTE basis adjusts for the tax benefit of income on certain tax-exempt loans and investments using the federal statutory tax rate of 21 for all periods presented. Wesbanco believes this measure to be the preferred industry measurement of net interest income and provides relevant comparison between taxable and non-taxable amounts. 

(4) Trust assets are held by the Bank, in fiduciary or agency capacities for its customers and therefore are not included as assets on Wesbanco s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

32 

Non-GAAP Measures 
 The following non-GAAP financial measures used by Wesbanco provide information that Wesbanco believes is useful to investors in understanding Wesbanco s operating performance and trends, and facilitates comparisons with the performance of Wesbanco s peers. The following tables summarize the non-GAAP financial measures derived from amounts reported in Wesbanco s financial statements. 

For the years ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Tangible common equity to tangible assets: 

Total shareholders equity 

2,426,662 

2,693,166 

2,756,737 

Less: goodwill and other intangible assets, net of deferred tax liability 

(1,131,990) 

(1,140,111) 

(1,149,161) 

Tangible equity 

1,294,672 

1,553,055 

1,607,576 

Less: preferred shareholders' equity 

(144,484) 

(144,484) 

(144,484) 

Tangible common equity 

1,150,188 

1,408,571 

1,463,092 

Total assets 

16,931,905 

16,927,125 

16,425,610 

Less: goodwill and other intangible assets, net of deferred tax liability 

(1,131,990) 

(1,140,111) 

(1,149,161) 

Tangible assets 

15,799,915 

15,787,014 

15,276,449 

Tangible equity to tangible assets 

8.19 

9.84 

10.52 

Tangible common equity to tangible assets 

7.28 

8.92 

9.58 

Tangible book value per share: 

Total shareholders equity 

2,426,662 

2,693,166 

2,756,737 

Less: goodwill and other intangible assets, net of deferred tax liability 

(1,131,990) 

(1,140,111) 

(1,149,161) 

Less: preferred shareholders' equity 

(144,484) 

(144,484) 

(144,484) 

Tangible common equity 

1,150,188 

1,408,571 

1,463,092 

Common shares outstanding 

59,198,963 

62,307,245 

67,254,706 

Tangible book value per share at year end 

19.43 

22.61 

21.75 

Return on average tangible equity: 

Net income available to common shareholders 

181,988 

232,135 

119,400 

Add: amortization of intangibles, net of tax 

8,120 

9,051 

10,595 

Net income available to common shareholders before amortization of intangibles 

190,108 

241,186 

129,995 

Average total shareholders equity 

2,515,509 

2,764,337 

2,651,402 

Less: average goodwill and other intangibles, net of deferred tax liability 

(1,136,062) 

(1,144,698) 

(1,141,528) 

Average tangible equity 

1,379,447 

1,619,639 

1,509,874 

Return on average tangible equity 

13.78 

14.89 

8.61 

Average tangible common equity 

1,234,963 

1,475,155 

1,453,363 

Return on average tangible common equity 

15.39 

16.35 

8.94 

Return on average tangible assets: 

Net income available to common shareholders 

181,988 

232,135 

119,400 

Add: amortization of intangibles, net of tax 

8,120 

9,051 

10,595 

Net income before amortization of intangibles 

190,108 

241,186 

129,995 

Average total assets 

16,879,541 

16,928,377 

16,442,704 

Less: average goodwill and other intangibles, net of deferred tax liability 

(1,136,062) 

(1,144,698) 

(1,141,528) 

Average tangible assets 

15,743,479 

15,783,679 

15,301,176 

Return on average tangible assets 

1.21 

1.53 

0.85 

Efficiency ratio: 

Non-interest expense 

356,966 

353,143 

354,845 

Less: restructuring and merger-related expense 

(1,723) 

(6,717) 

(9,725) 

Non-interest expense excluding restructuring and merger-related expense 

355,243 

346,426 

345,120 

Net interest income on a fully-taxable equivalent basis 

479,315 

462,229 

483,999 

Non-interest income 

117,391 

132,785 

128,185 

Net interest income on a fully-taxable equivalent basis plus non-interest income 

596,706 

595,014 

612,184 

Efficiency ratio 

59.53 

58.22 

56.38 

Net income per common shareholders, excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses: 

Net income available to common shareholders 

181,988 

232,135 

119,400 

Add: after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses (1) 

1,361 

5,306 

7,683 

Net income per common shareholders, excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses 

183,349 

237,441 

127,083 

33 

For the years ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income per common share - diluted, excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses: 

Net income per common share - diluted 

3.02 

3.53 

1.77 

Add: after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses per common share - diluted (1) 

0.02 

0.09 

0.11 

Net income per common share - diluted, excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses 

3.04 

3.62 

1.88 

Return on average equity, excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses: 

Net income available to common shareholders 

181,988 

232,135 

119,400 

Add: after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses (1) 

1,361 

5,306 

7,683 

Net income available to common shareholders, excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses 

183,349 

237,441 

127,083 

Average total shareholders equity 

2,515,509 

2,764,337 

2,651,402 

Return on average equity, excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses 

7.29 

8.59 

4.79 

Return on average tangible equity, excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses: 

Net income available to common shareholders 

181,988 

232,135 

119,400 

Add: after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses (1) 

1,361 

5,306 

7,683 

Add: amortization of intangibles, net of tax 

8,120 

9,051 

10,595 

Net income available to common shareholders before amortization of intangibles and excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses 

191,469 

246,492 

137,678 

Average total shareholders equity 

2,515,509 

2,764,337 

2,651,402 

Less: average goodwill and other intangibles, net of deferred tax liability 

(1,136,062) 

(1,144,698) 

(1,141,528) 

Average tangible equity 

1,379,447 

1,619,639 

1,509,874 

Return on average tangible equity, excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses 

13.88 

15.22 

9.12 

Average tangible common equity 

1,234,963 

1,475,155 

1,453,363 

Return on average tangible common equity, excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses 

15.50 

16.71 

9.47 

Return on average assets, excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses: 

Net income available to common shareholders 

181,988 

232,135 

119,400 

Add: after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses (1) 

1,361 

5,306 

7,683 

Net income available to common shareholders, excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses 

183,349 

237,441 

127,083 

Average total assets 

16,879,541 

16,928,377 

16,442,704 

Return on average tangible assets, excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses 

1.09 

1.40 

0.77 

Return on average tangible assets, excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses: 

Net income available to common shareholders 

181,988 

232,135 

119,400 

Add: amortization of intangibles, net of tax 

8,120 

9,051 

10,595 

Add: after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses (1) 

1,361 

5,306 

7,683 

Net income available to common shareholders, before amortization of intangibles and excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses 

191,469 

246,492 

137,678 

Average total assets 

16,879,541 

16,928,377 

16,442,704 

Less: average goodwill and other intangibles, net of deferred tax liability 

(1,136,062) 

(1,144,698) 

(1,141,528) 

Average tangible assets 

15,743,479 

15,783,679 

15,301,176 

Return on average tangible assets, excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses 

1.22 

1.56 

0.90 

Dividend payout ratio, excluding after-tax restructuring and merger related expenses: 

Dividends declared per common share 

1.37 

1.32 

1.28 

Net income per common share - diluted 

3.02 

3.53 

1.77 

Add: after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses per diluted share (1) 

0.02 

0.09 

0.11 

Net income per common share - diluted, excluding after-tax restructuring and merger-related expenses 

3.04 

3.62 

1.88 

Dividend payout ratio, excluding after-tax restructuring and merger related expenses 

45.07 

36.46 

68.09 

(1) Tax effected at 21 for all periods presented. 
 34 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 EARNINGS SUMMARY 
 For the twelve months ending December 31, 2022, net income available to common shareholders was 182.0 million, or 3.02 per diluted share, compared to 232.1 million, or 3.53 per diluted share, for 2021, which included a release of provision for credit losses of 64.3 million, or 51.6 million net of tax. Net income available to common shareholders for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 decreased 21.6 compared to 2021, while per share earnings decreased 14.4 . 
 For the twelve months ending December 31, 2022, net interest income increased 16.4 million, or 3.6 , reflecting a higher net interest margin resulting from the 425 basis point increase in the federal funds rate in 2022, as well as the successful deployment of excess cash into higher-yielding loans, particularly in the second half of 2022. The net interest margin increased 9 basis points to 3.20 due to the overall higher rate environment. Average loan balances decreased 2.9 in 2022, mostly due to PPP loan forgiveness and elevated levels of commercial real estate loans being refinanced in an aggressive secondary market in the earlier portions of the year, while average investment securities increased 18.1 over the same period. Total average deposits increased in 2022 by 298.7 million or 2.2 compared to 2021, due to increased personal savings. Average certificates of deposit, which have the highest overall interest cost among deposits, decreased by 359.1 million or 24.6 over the same time period. 
 For 2022, non-interest income decreased 15.4 million or 11.6 compared to 2021. Mortgage banking income decreased 14.4 million or 73.7 in 2022 as compared to 2021 due to the higher interest rate environment and Wesbanco retaining a higher percentage of residential real estate loans in the loan portfolio. Trust fees decreased 2.0 million from 2021 to 2022 due to a decrease in the market values of trust assets under management reducing fee income. Net securities (losses)/gains decreased 2.9 million from the prior year due mostly to the decline in the fair market value of the equity investments held in the deferred compensation plan. Somewhat mitigating these decreases, service charges on deposits increased 3.9 million from the prior year and net securities brokerage revenue increased 2.6 million due to organic growth. 
 The following comments on non-interest expense exclude restructuring and merger-related expenses in both years. Non-interest expense in 2022 increased 8.8 million or 2.5 compared to 2021, while the efficiency ratio increased in 2022 to 59.5 from 58.2 in 2021. The primary driver of this increase was a 12.8 million increase in salaries and wages due to higher staffing levels and merit increases. Also increasing for the year 2022 was FDIC insurance expense, which reflects the benefit to 2021's calculation from the large negative credit loss provision recognized in 2021, as well as equipment and software and marketing expenses. These increases were slightly offset by lower employee benefits expense, lower net occupancy expense and lower amortization expense on intangible assets as well as other decreases resulting from the efficiencies derived from the core systems conversion which occurred in the second half of 2021. 
 The provision for federal and state income taxes decreased to 44.3 million in 2022 compared to 59.6 million in 2021, due to lower pre-tax income in 2022. The effective tax rate was 18.7 and 19.7 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Wesbanco recognized 3.5 million and 2.6 million in New Markets Tax Credits for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 TABLE 1. NET INTEREST INCOME 

For the years ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net interest income 

474,313 

457,933 

479,480 

Taxable-equivalent adjustments to net interest income 

5,002 

4,296 

4,519 

Net interest income, fully taxable-equivalent 

479,315 

462,229 

483,999 

Net interest spread, non-taxable-equivalent 

3.02 

2.98 

3.14 

Benefit of net non-interest bearing liabilities 

0.15 

0.10 

0.20 

Net interest margin 

3.17 

3.08 

3.34 

Taxable-equivalent adjustment 

0.03 

0.03 

0.03 

Net interest margin, fully taxable-equivalent 

3.20 

3.11 

3.37 

Net interest income, which is Wesbanco s largest source of revenue, is the difference between interest income on earning assets, primarily loans and securities, and interest expense on liabilities, primarily deposits and short and long-term borrowings. Net interest income is affected by the general level of, and changes in interest rates, the steepness and shape of the yield curve, changes in the amount and composition of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, as well as the frequency of repricing of existing assets and liabilities. Net interest income increased 16.4 million or 3.6 in 2022 compared to 2021, due to a 9 basis point increase in the net interest margin to 3.20 , as the yield on earning assets increased at a faster rate than the rate on interest bearing liabilities. The net interest margin was positively impacted from the 425 basis point increase in the federal funds rate during 2022. In addition, PPP loans contributed a total of 6.6 million in interest and fee accretion income, which equated to 3 basis points of net interest margin in 2022 as compared to 30.8 million, or 10 basis points, in 2021, which partially mitigated the margin increase. Excluding PPP loans, portfolio loans increased by 11.7 from December 31, 2021, due to higher new loan demand and 
 35 

lower levels of commercial real estate loan payoffs. Purchase accounting accretion decreased in 2022, as approximately 6 basis points of accretion from prior acquisitions was included in the 2022 net interest margin as compared to 11 basis points in the 2021 net interest margin. Total average deposits, excluding CDs, increased in 2022 by 657.8 million or 5.6 compared to 2021, due to higher personal savings balances. The cost of interest bearing deposits increased by 11 basis points and the cost of total liabilities increased by 14 basis points from 2021 to 2022. The increase in the cost is primarily due to the effect of the previously mentioned federal funds rate increases on the rates paid on interest bearing demand deposits, customer repurchase agreements, term Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings and junior subordinated debentures. 
 
 Interest income increased 28.7 million or 5.9 in 2022 compared to 2021 due to higher yields in most of the major earning asset categories. Earning asset yields were influenced positively in 2022 compared to 2021 due primarily to the previously mentioned increases in the Federal Reserve s federal funds rate by 425 basis points in 2022. Average loan balances decreased 296.7 million or 2.9 in 2022 compared to 2021, due mostly to forgiveness of PPP loans and new loan demand not occurring until the second half of 2022. Loan yields increased by 18 basis points during 2022 to 4.19 due to the previously mentioned higher rate environment and its effect on the repricing of portfolio loans, as well as higher offered rates on new loans. Loans provide the greatest impact on interest income and the yield on earning assets as they have the largest balance and the highest yield within major earning asset categories. In 2022, average loans represented 67.4 of average earning assets, a decrease from 69.8 in 2021. Liquidity from stimulus deposits was invested during 2021 and the first half of 2022 into average taxable securities balances which increased 494.7 million or 16.7 from 2021, and represented 23.1 of total average earning assets in 2022. Taxable securities yields increased by 21 basis points in 2022 due to the effect of the higher rate environment on the variable rate portion of the investment portfolio, which are typically tied to either LIBOR or SOFR. Decreased prepayments on mortgage-backed securities in the higher rate environment also further benefitted the taxable securities yields due to reduced amortization on securities purchased at a premium. Tax-exempt securities yields decreased by 22 basis points in 2022 from 2021 due to calls of legacy higher rate tax-exempt securities and purchases of newly issued lower rate securities in the first half of 2022. The average balance of tax-exempt securities, which have the highest yields within securities, have increased from 17.6 of total average securities in 2021 to 18.6 of total average securities in 2022. 
 
 Commercial loans with floors currently average 3.91 on approximately 3.3 billion or 43 of total commercial loans at December 31, 2022, as compared to 2.6 billion averaging 3.83 or 36 of commercial loans at December 31, 2021. Approximately 27 or 0.9 billion of these loans are currently priced at their floor, as compared to 63 or 1.6 billion at December 31, 2021. These loans typically do not adjust as rapidly from their current floor level as compared to loans without floors, due to the amount of the rate change as compared to the floor rate or next repricing date. In addition, in a declining rate environment, customers may request rates below existing contractual floors, which we may grant for competitive or other reasons. 
 
 Interest expense increased 12.3 million or 45.5 in 2022 as compared to 2021, due to increases in the cost of all interest bearing liability categories in the higher rate environment. The cost of interest bearing liabilities increased by 14 basis points from 2021 to 0.42 in 2022. Average interest bearing deposits remained relatively flat from 2021 to 2022 as interest bearing demand and savings deposit increases were mostly offset by a 359.1 million decrease in average certificates of deposit. The rate on interest bearing deposits increased 11 basis points to 0.27 from 2021 to 2022, primarily from increases in rates on interest bearing demand deposits, money market accounts and savings deposits in response to competitive pressures from higher market rates. Average non-interest bearing demand deposit balances increased from 2021 to 2022 by 256.2 million or 5.8 , and were 34.7 of total average deposits at December 31, 2022, compared to 33.5 at December 31, 2021, reflecting ongoing checking account marketing strategies. The average balance of FHLB borrowings decreased by 168.1 million from 2021 to 2022 due to the maturity of legacy lower-rate FHLB borrowings throughout the past twelve months being funded with excess liquidity. New higher-rate borrowings taken out in the last quarter of 2022 increased the average rate by 47 basis points to 2.27 from 1.80 in 2021. Average repurchase agreements combined with average subordinated debt and junior subordinated debt balances increased 65.1 million or 19.8 from 2021 to 2022, and their average rates paid increased by 24 and 77 basis points, respectively, over this same time period, due primarily to increases in LIBOR and SOFR, the indices upon which this variable-rate type of borrowing is priced. In addition, Wesbanco issued 150.0 million of subordinated debt in March of 2022 for capital and liquidity purposes. 

36 

TABLE 2. AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS AND NET INTEREST MARGIN ANALYSIS 

For the years ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Average Balance 

Interest 

Average Rate 

Average Balance 

Interest 

Average Rate 

Average Balance 

Interest 

Average Rate 

ASSETS 

Due from banks-interest bearing 

611,482 

5,755 

0.94 

860,249 

1,156 

0.13 

548,078 

1,175 

0.21 

Loans, net of unearned income (1) 

10,083,925 

422,401 

4.19 

10,380,605 

415,965 

4.01 

10,874,763 

465,677 

4.28 

Securities: (2) 

Taxable 

3,461,414 

66,123 

1.91 

2,966,745 

50,401 

1.70 

2,281,905 

53,594 

2.35 

Tax-exempt (3) 

789,564 

23,820 

3.02 

632,187 

20,457 

3.24 

616,808 

21,518 

3.49 

Total securities 

4,250,978 

89,943 

2.12 

3,598,932 

70,858 

1.97 

2,898,713 

75,112 

2.59 

Other earning assets 

15,265 

559 

3.66 

25,481 

1,284 

5.04 

60,054 

3,832 

6.38 

Total earning assets (3) 

14,961,650 

518,658 

3.47 

14,865,267 

489,263 

3.29 

14,381,608 

545,796 

3.80 

Other assets 

1,917,891 

2,063,110 

2,061,096 

Total Assets 

16,879,541 

16,928,377 

16,442,704 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Interest bearing demand deposits 

3,314,384 

12,181 

0.37 

3,193,425 

3,669 

0.11 

2,572,248 

7,069 

0.27 

Money market accounts 

1,774,152 

3,562 

0.20 

1,760,540 

1,803 

0.10 

1,611,135 

4,616 

0.29 

Savings deposits 

2,692,568 

4,115 

0.15 

2,425,527 

1,031 

0.04 

2,084,576 

1,802 

0.09 

Certificates of deposit 

1,098,614 

4,089 

0.37 

1,457,730 

7,623 

0.52 

1,814,693 

13,562 

0.75 

Total interest bearing deposits 

8,879,718 

23,947 

0.27 

8,837,222 

14,126 

0.16 

8,082,652 

27,049 

0.33 

Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 

175,104 

3,968 

2.27 

343,185 

6,167 

1.80 

1,135,934 

24,701 

2.17 

Repurchase agreements 

146,590 

568 

0.39 

149,001 

227 

0.15 

357,100 

1,729 

0.48 

Subordinated debt and junior subordinated debt 

248,192 

10,860 

4.38 

180,649 

6,514 

3.61 

193,693 

8,318 

4.29 

Total interest bearing liabilities (4) 

9,449,604 

39,343 

0.42 

9,510,057 

27,034 

0.28 

9,769,379 

61,797 

0.63 

Non-interest bearing demand deposits 

4,708,758 

4,452,590 

3,781,583 

Other liabilities 

205,670 

201,393 

240,340 

Shareholders equity 

2,515,509 

2,764,337 

2,651,402 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

16,879,541 

16,928,377 

16,442,704 

Taxable equivalent net interest spread 

3.05 

3.01 

3.17 

Taxable equivalent net interest margin (3) 

479,315 

3.20 

462,229 

3.11 

483,999 

3.37 

(1) Gross of allowance for credit losses and net of unearned income. Includes non-accrual and loans held for sale. Loan fees included in interest income on loans were 8.8 million, 26.3 million and 16.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As part of loan fees, PPP loan fees were 5.9 million, 25.3 million and 13.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Additionally, loan accretion included in interest income on loans acquired from prior acquisitions was 8.0 million, 13.3 million and 17.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

(2) Average yields on securities available-for-sale have been calculated based on amortized cost. 

(3) Taxable equivalent basis is calculated on tax-exempt securities using a rate of 21 for all periods presented. 

(4) Accretion on interest bearing liabilities acquired from prior acquisitions was 1.1 million, 3.1 million and 9.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

37 

TABLE 3. RATE/VOLUME ANALYSIS OF CHANGES IN INTEREST INCOME AND INTEREST EXPENSE (1) 

2022 Compared to 2021 

2021 Compared to 2020 

(in thousands) 
 
 Volume 

Rate 

Net Increase (Decrease) 

Volume 

Rate 

Net Increase (Decrease) 

Increase (decrease) in interest income: 

Due from banks interest bearing 

(427) 

5,026 

4,599 

518 

(537) 

(19) 

Loans, net of unearned income 

(12,097) 

18,533 

6,436 

(20,598) 

(29,114) 

(49,712) 

Taxable securities 

9,003 

6,719 

15,722 

13,769 

(16,962) 

(3,193) 

Tax-exempt securities (2) 

4,821 

(1,458) 

3,363 

527 

(1,588) 

(1,061) 

Other earning assets 

(431) 

(294) 

(725) 

(1,866) 

(682) 

(2,548) 

Total interest income change (2) 

869 

28,526 

29,395 

(7,650) 

(48,883) 

(56,533) 

Increase (decrease) in interest expense: 

Interest bearing demand deposits 

144 

8,368 

8,512 

1,416 

(4,816) 

(3,400) 

Money market 

14 

1,745 

1,759 

393 

(3,206) 

(2,813) 

Savings deposits 

125 

2,959 

3,084 

258 

(1,029) 

(771) 

Certificates of deposit 

(1,628) 

(1,906) 

(3,534) 

(2,351) 

(3,588) 

(5,939) 

Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 

(3,535) 

1,336 

(2,199) 

(14,842) 

(3,692) 

(18,534) 

Repurchase agreements 

(4) 

345 

341 

(690) 

(812) 

(1,502) 

Subordinated debt and junior subordinated debt 

2,766 

1,580 

4,346 

(534) 

(1,270) 

(1,804) 

Total interest expense change 

(2,118) 

14,427 

12,309 

(16,350) 

(18,413) 

(34,763) 

Net interest income increase (decrease) (2) 

2,987 

14,099 

17,086 

8,700 

(30,470) 

(21,770) 

(1) Changes to rate/volume are allocated to both rate and volume on a proportionate dollar basis. 

(2) The yield on earning assets and the net interest margin are presented on a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) and annualized basis. The FTE basis adjusts for the tax benefit of income on certain tax-exempt loans and investments using the federal statutory tax rate of 21 for all periods presented. Wesbanco believes this measure to be the preferred industry measurement of net interest income and provides relevant comparison between taxable and non-taxable amounts. 

PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES - LOANS 
 
 The provision for credit losses loans is the amount to be added to the allowance for credit losses loans after net charge-offs have been deducted to bring the allowance to a level considered appropriate to absorb lifetime expected losses for all portfolio loans. The provision for credit losses loan commitments is the amount to be added to the allowance for credit losses for loan commitments to bring that allowance to a level considered appropriate to absorb lifetime expected losses on unfunded loan commitments. The provision for credit losses - loans and loan commitments was 1.7) million in 2022 compared to 64.3) million in 2021 as a result of worsening macroeconomic factors over the reasonable and supportable forecast period of one year, primarily increasing the allowance for loan losses and allowance for loan commitments. Furthermore, the increase to the provision was driven by qualitative factors, which addressed the risk of rising interest rates and office portfolio concentration. Non-performing loans were 0.39 of total loans as of December 31, 2022, and decreased from 0.41 of total loans at the end of 2021. Non-performing assets were 0.40 of total loans and other real estate and repossessed assets as of December 31, 2022, decreasing from 0.41 at the end of 2021. Criticized and classified loans were 2.34 of total loans, decreasing from 3.75 as of December 31, 2021, primarily due to improvements in loans categorized as criticized or classified earlier in the pandemic. Past due loans at December 31, 2022 were 0.19 of total loans, compared to 0.36 at December 31, 2021. (Please see the Credit Quality and Allowance for Credit Losses Loans and Loan Commitments section of this MD A for additional discussion). 
 
 38 

TABLE 4. NON-INTEREST INCOME 

For the years ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Trust fees 

27,551 

29,511 

(1,960) 

(6.6) 

Service charges on deposits 

26,281 

22,412 

3,869 

17.3 

Electronic banking fees 

20,002 

19,318 

684 

3.5 

Net securities brokerage revenue 

9,525 

6,896 

2,629 

38.1 

Bank-owned life insurance 

10,728 

8,936 

1,792 

20.1 

Mortgage banking income 

5,129 

19,528 

(14,399) 

(73.7) 

Net securities (losses) gains 

(1,777) 

1,113 

(2,890) 

(259.7) 

Net gain on other real estate owned and other assets 

482 

4,816 

(4,334) 

(90.0) 

Net insurance services revenue 

3,749 

4,095 

(346) 

(8.4) 

Debit card sponsorship income 

646 

(646) 

(100.0) 

Payment processing fees 

3,352 

3,100 

252 

8.1 

Swap fee and valuation income 

7,067 

6,481 

586 

9.0 

Other 

5,302 

5,933 

(631) 

(10.6) 

Total non-interest income 

117,391 

132,785 

(15,394) 

(11.6) 

No n-interest income is a significant source of revenue and an important part of Wesbanco s results of operations, as it represented 19.8 and 22.5 of total revenue for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Wesbanco offers its customers a wide range of retail, commercial, investment and electronic banking services, which are viewed as a vital component of Wesbanco s ability to attract and maintain customers, as well as providing additional fee income beyond normal spread-related income to Wesbanco. Non-interest income decreased 15.4 million or 11.6 in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to decreases in trust fees, mortgage banking income, net securities gains (losses), and net gains on other real estate owned and other assets. The decreases were slightly offset by increases in service charges on deposits, net securities brokerage revenue and bank-owned life insurance income. 
 
 Trust fees decreased 2.0 million or 6.6 in 2022 compared to 2021, due to a decline in the market value of trust assets, which were 4.9 billion at December 31, 2022, as compared to a record 5.6 billion at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, trust assets include managed assets of 3.9 billion and non-managed (custodial) assets of 1.0 billion. Assets managed for the WesMark Funds, a proprietary group of mutual funds that is advised by Wesbanco Trust and Investment Services, were 0.8 billion and 1.0 billion as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and are included in managed assets. 
 
 Service charges on deposits increased 3.9 million or 17.3 from 2021 to 2022, and electronic banking fees, which include debit card interchange fees, increased 0.7 million or 3.5 over the same time period, reflecting increased transaction volume and general consumer spending. 
 
 Net securities brokerage revenue increased to a record 9.5 million in 2022, reflecting a 2.6 million or 38.1 increase from 2021 due to organic growth and customers' preferences for certain investment products, including fixed rate annuities, during the higher interest rate environment in 2022. 
 
 Bank-owned life insurance income increased 1.8 million or 20.1 in 2022 compared to 2021 due to an increase in mortality-related benefits received in the current period as well as an increase in the cash surrender value due to the purchase of an additional 40 million of bank-owned life insurance in the third quarter of 2021. 
 
 Mortgage banking income decreased 14.4 million or 73.7 in 2022 compared to 2021, due to a decrease in mortgage loan originations resulting from the higher interest rate environment in 2022, combined with a lower percentage of loans sold into the secondary market as more residential mortgages were retained in the loan portfolio. For 2022, total mortgage production was 1.0 billion, which was a decrease of 28.9 from total production in 2021. In 2022, 245.4 million in mortgages were sold into the secondary market at a net margin of 2.1 as compared to 750.9 million at a net margin of 2.6 in 2021. Included in mortgage banking income and the calculation of net margin noted above are gains of 3.2 million and 0.4 million from the fair value adjustments on mortgage loan commitments and related derivatives for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Net securities (losses) gains include both gains and losses on investment security transactions, including sales and calls, as well as market value adjustments on the deferred compensation plan and other equity securities. In 2022, net securities (losses) gains decreased 2.9 million compared to 2021. There were no available-for-sale or held-to-maturity debt investment security sales in either year. Contributing to most of the overall decrease, the market value adjustments on the deferred compensation plan decreased by 2.6 million from 2021 to 2022. These market adjustments had an offsetting effect in employee benefits expense. 
 39 

Net gain on other real estate owned and other assets decreased 4.3 million in 2022 as compared to 2021, due mostly to the market value adjustments that were recognized on an investment made by Wesbanco s Community Development Corporation in a start-up firm more than ten years ago that was acquired in 2021 by a public company. This investment was sold during 2022. The market value adjustments preceding the sale of the investment totaled losses of 1.0 million in 2022 as compared to gains of 3.8 million in 2021. 
 
 Swap fee and valuation income, which includes fair value adjustments, increased 0.6 million or 9.0 in 2022 as compared to 2021, due to an increase in new swaps originated and greater positive fair value adjustments on the swap portfolio in 2022 as compared to 2021. In 2022, new swaps executed totaled 254.3 million in notional principal resulting in 4.4 million in fee income, compared to new swaps executed totaling 158.7 million in notional principal resulting in 4.5 million in fee income in 2021. Fair market value adjustments on swaps in 2022 totaled 2.7 million as compared to 2.0 million in 2021. 
 
 TABLE 5. NON-INTEREST EXPENSE 

For the years ended December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Salaries and wages 

167,028 

154,242 

12,786 

8.3 

Employee benefits 

37,771 

41,033 

(3,262) 

(7.9) 

Net occupancy 

26,105 

26,843 

(738) 

(2.7) 

Equipment and software 

32,508 

30,006 

2,502 

8.3 

Marketing 

9,335 

8,634 

701 

8.1 

FDIC insurance 

7,901 

4,150 

3,751 

90.4 

Amortization of intangible assets 

10,278 

11,457 

(1,179) 

(10.3) 

Restructuring and merger-related expenses 

1,723 

6,717 

(4,994) 

(74.3) 

Franchise and other miscellaneous taxes 

12,012 

10,459 

1,553 

14.8 

Consulting, regulatory and advisory fees 

13,168 

12,642 

526 

4.2 

ATM and electronic banking interchange expenses 

5,903 

8,238 

(2,335) 

(28.3) 

Postage and courier expenses 

4,602 

5,151 

(549) 

(10.7) 

Supplies 

3,865 

3,819 

46 

1.2 

Legal fees 

3,165 

3,440 

(275) 

(8.0) 

Communications 

4,688 

4,157 

531 

12.8 

Other real estate owned and foreclosure expenses 

789 

219 

570 

260.3 

Other 

16,125 

21,936 

(5,811) 

(26.5) 

Total non-interest expense 

356,966 

353,143 

3,823 

1.1 

Non-interest expense in 2022, excluding restructuring and merger-related expenses, increased 8.8 million or 2.5 compared to 2021. The primary drivers of this increase were higher salaries and wages, equipment and software costs, FDIC insurance expense and franchise and other miscellaneous taxes. These increases were slightly offset by decreases in employee benefits expense, ATM and electronic banking interchange expenses, amortization of intangible assets and other operating expenses. Restructuring and merger related expenses of 1.7 million in 2022 were associated with the branch restructuring while the restructuring and merger-related expenses in 2021 totaling 6.7 million were related to the core systems conversion and branch restructuring. 
 
 Salaries and wages increased 12.8 million or 8.3 in 2022 compared to 2021 due primarily to increases in salaries and incentive compensation expense combined with a decrease in deferred loan contra origination costs. Salary expense increased by 9.5 million in 2022 as compared to 2021 due to normal merit increases and higher staffing levels. Short term incentive expense increased 0.7 million due to overall higher performance in 2022 as compared to 2021, with the exception of the mortgage incentive compensation plan. Deferred loan contra origination costs decreased in 2022 due to lower loan origination volume, primarily in the residential real estate category. 
 
 Employee benefits expense decreased 3.3 million or 7.9 in 2022 compared to 2021 due to a 2.6 million reduction in the market adjustment on the underlying investments of the deferred compensation plan, which has an offsetting effect in net securities gains (losses) and also from a reduction in health insurance expense due to reduced claims in 2022. 
 
 Equipment and software costs increased 2.5 million or 8.3 in 2022 compared to 2021, due to the core conversion, continuous improvements in technology and communication infrastructure, and increased usage of digital banking services. Also, since the core conversion in the third quarter of 2021, approximately 1.0 million per quarter in online banking costs have been recorded in equipment and software, while in prior periods these costs were recorded in other operating expenses. Such costs are now part of the monthly core software invoice and cannot be separated as they were with a third party vendor previously. 
 
 40 

FDIC insurance increased 3.8 million or 90.4 in 2022 compared to 2021, due to higher quarterly assessment rates. The increase is due to less favorable financial ratios used in the rate calculation, particularly those related to high risk assets, core earnings and balance sheet liquidity. In addition, a 1.0 million refund was received in the second quarter of 2021 from prior period call report adjustments, also contributing to the increase year-over-year. 
 
 Restructuring and merger-related expenses in 2022 totaled 1.7 million, a decrease from 6.7 million incurred in 2021. The 1.7 million of expenses in 2022 were comprised of branch closure and lease termination expenses associated with the closure of 13 branches throughout 2022. The restructuring and merger-related expenses in 2021 totaling 6.7 million were comprised of 4.8 million in expenses related to the core banking software conversion, including termination fees of existing contracts, and 1.9 million in branch closure and lease termination expenses associated with the closure of 27 branches throughout 2021. 
 
 Franchise and other miscellaneous taxes increased 1.6 million or 14.8 in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to increases in franchise and personal property taxes across Wesbanco's footprint. 
 
 ATM and electronic banking interchange expenses decreased 2.3 million or 28.3 in 2022 as compared to 2021, due to a reduction in ACH and ATM processing charges related to a change in providers that occurred in conjunction with our core banking software system conversion in the third quarter of 2021. 
 
 Other operating expenses decreased 5.8 million or 26.5 in 2022 as compared to 2021, due to 4.5 million in legal settlement costs incurred in 2021 and due to the reclassification of online banking costs mentioned previously into equipment and software costs. 
 INCOME TAXES 
 
 The provision for income taxes was 44.3 million for 2022, which is a 15.3 million decrease as compared to 59.6 million in 2021. The decrease in the provision for income taxes is due in part to a decrease in the effective tax rate to 18.7 in 2022 compared to 19.7 in 2021, which is due to an increase in net tax-exempt interest income on securities and loans of state and political subdivisions and general business credits. In addition, the decrease resulted from lower pre-tax income in 2022 as compared to 2021. The decrease in pre-tax income is primarily driven by the 64.3 million negative provision for credit losses recorded in 2021, as compared to a 1.7 million negative provision for credit losses in 2022. 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 Total deposits and shareholders' equity decreased 3.2 and 9.9 , respectively, while total assets remained relatively unchanged compared to December 31, 2021. Total securities decreased 242.4 million or 6.0 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, primarily driven by an increase in the net unrealized losses of available-for-sale securities of 339.4 million. The securities decrease was partially offset by the investment of excess liquidity in the first half of 2022 from increased cash balances resulting from customers' higher savings. Total portfolio loans increased 969.3 million or 10.0 in 2022 as a result of strong growth across Wesbanco's markets. Deposits decreased 434.8 million or 3.2 from year end 2021 primarily reflecting the impact of inflationary pressures and rising costs over the economy. Savings deposits and non-interest bearing demand deposits increased 7.0 and 2.4 , respectively. 
 Deposit balances were also somewhat impacted by bonus and royalty payments from Marcellus and Utica shale energy companies in Wesbanco s southwestern Pennsylvania, eastern Ohio and northern West Virginia markets totaling 96.7 million and 68.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The decrease in certificates of deposit of 406.8 million is primarily due to an overall corporate strategy designed to increase and remix retail deposit relationships and reduce single-service customers with a focus on overall products that can be offered at a lower cost to Wesbanco. The decrease was also impacted by lower offered rates on certain maturing certificates of deposit and customer preferences for other non-maturity deposit types. Total borrowings increased 144.5 or 662.8 million during 2022, as loan growth increased and required additional funding generated through FHLB borrowings in the second half of 2022. Also, in March of 2022, Wesbanco completed the issuance of 150.0 million in aggregate principal amount of subordinated debentures. The subordinated debentures have a fixed rate of 3.75 for the first five years and a floating rate for the next five years at Three Month SOFR plus a spread of 1.787 . 
 Total shareholders equity decreased 266.5 million or 9.9 , compared to December 31, 2021, primarily due to the repurchase of common shares, net of restricted stock vesting activity totaling 119.1 million, the declaration of common and preferred shareholder dividends totaling 81.3 million and 10.1 million, respectively, and a 257.3 million other comprehensive loss. Shareholders' equity was positively impacted by net income of 192.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

41 

SECURITIES 
 TABLE 6. COMPOSITION OF SECURITIES 

December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Equity securities (at fair value) 

11,506 

13,466 

(1,960) 

(14.6) 

Available-for-sale debt securities (at fair value) 

U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies 

225,970 

236,978 

(11,008) 

(4.6) 

Residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of government sponsored entities and agencies 

1,846,053 

2,285,213 

(439,160) 

(19.2) 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of government sponsored entities and agencies 

349,731 

367,493 

(17,762) 

(4.8) 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

92,228 

106,340 

(14,112) 

(13.3) 

Corporate debt securities 

15,158 

17,438 

(2,280) 

(13.1) 

Total available-for-sale debt securities 

2,529,140 

3,013,462 

(484,322) 

(16.1) 

Held-to-maturity debt securities (at amortized cost) 

U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies 

4,357 

5,944 

(1,587) 

(26.7) 

Residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of government sponsored entities and agencies 

45,909 

58,147 

(12,238) 

(21.0) 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

1,177,986 

907,649 

270,337 

29.8 

Corporate debt securities 

20,377 

33,083 

(12,706) 

(38.4) 

Total held-to-maturity debt securities (1) 

1,248,629 

1,004,823 

243,806 

24.3 

Total securities 

3,789,275 

4,031,751 

(242,476) 

(6.0) 

Available-for-sale and equity securities: 

Weighted average yield at the respective year-end (2) 

2.23 

1.55 

As a of total securities 

67.0 

75.1 

Weighted average life (in years) 

6.7 

5.0 

Held-to-maturity securities: 

Weighted average yield at the respective year-end (2) 

2.96 

2.92 

As a of total securities 

33.0 

24.9 

Weighted average life (in years) 

9.5 

5.6 

Total securities: 

Weighted average yield at the respective year-end (2) 

2.45 

1.89 

As a of total securities 

100.0 

100.0 

Weighted average life (in years) 

7.6 

5.2 

(1) Total held-to-maturity debt securities are presented on the balance sheet net of their allowance for credit losses totaling 0.2 million and 0.3 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

(2) Weighted average yields have been calculated on a taxable-equivalent basis using the federal statutory tax rate of 21 . 

Total investment securities, which are a source of liquidity for Wesbanco as well as a contributor to interest income, decreased by 242.5 million or 6.0 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Over the same period, the available-for-sale portfolio decreased by 484.3 million or 16.1 primarily driven by an increase in unrealized losses and increased calls of agency and municipal securities. The held-to-maturity portfolio increased by 243.8 million or 24.3 due to 337.5 million in purchases of municipal bonds. The weighted average yield of the total portfolio increased 56 basis points from 1.89 at December 31, 2021 to 2.45 at December 31, 2022, primarily due to increased higher rate security purchases and variable rate security yields increasing throughout the year. 
 Total gross unrealized securities losses increased 470.4 million, from 40.3 million as of December 31, 2021 to 510.7 million at December 31, 2022. The increase in unrealized losses from December 31, 2021, was due to an increase in market rates during 2022 causing market prices to decrease on the lowest yielding securities, particularly those purchased since the start of the pandemic. Wesbanco believes that none of the unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities at December 31, 2022 require an allowance for credit losses. Please refer to Note 3, Securities, of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Wesbanco does not have any investments in private mortgage-backed securities or those that are collateralized by sub-prime mortgages, nor does Wesbanco have any exposure to collateralized debt obligations or government-sponsored enterprise preferred stocks. 
 42 

Net unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities included in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were 261.8 million and 4.7 million, respectively. These net unrealized pre-tax losses represent temporary fluctuations resulting from changes in market rates in relation to fixed yields in the available-for-sale portfolio, and on an after-tax basis are accounted for as an adjustment to other comprehensive income in shareholders equity. Net unrealized pre-tax (losses) gains in the held-to-maturity portfolio, which are not accounted for in other comprehensive income, were 164.2) million at December 31, 2022, compared to 23.6 million as of December 31, 2021. With approximately 33 of the investment portfolio in the held-to-maturity category, compared to 25 one year ago, the recent volatility in interest rates does not have as much impact on other comprehensive income as if the entire portfolio were included in the available-for-sale category. 
 Equity securities, of which a portion consists of investments in various mutual funds held in grantor trusts formed in connection with a key officer and director deferred compensation plan, are recorded at fair value. Gains and losses due to fair value fluctuations on equity securities are included in net securities gains or losses. For those equity securities relating to the key officer and director deferred compensation plan, the corresponding change in the obligation to the employee is recognized in employee benefits expense. 
 On January 1, 2020, Wesbanco adopted CECL for the held-to-maturity investments. Upon adoption, the Company recognized 0.2 million to opening retained earnings, which represented the CECL allowance for the investment portfolio as of January 1, 2020. The corporate and municipal bonds in Wesbanco s held-to-maturity debt portfolio are analyzed quarterly to determine if an allowance for current expected credit losses is warranted. Wesbanco uses a database of historical financials of all corporate and municipal issuers and actual historic default and recovery rates on rated and non-rated transactions to estimate expected credit losses on an individual security basis. The expected credit losses are adjusted quarterly and are recorded in an allowance for expected credit losses on the balance sheet, which is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the held-to-maturity portfolio as a contra asset. The losses are recorded on the income statement in the provision for credit losses. Accrued interest receivable on held-to-maturity securities, which was 9.5 million and 7.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. Held-to-maturity investments in U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies as well as mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations, which are all either issued by a direct governmental entity or a government-sponsored entity, have no historical evidence supporting expected credit losses; therefore, Wesbanco has estimated these losses at zero, and will monitor this assumption in the future for any economic or governmental policies that could affect this assumption. Wesbanco recorded an allowance on held-to-maturity debt securities of 0.2 million and 0.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 TABLE 7. MATURITY DISTRIBUTION AND YIELD ANALYSIS OF SECURITIES 
 The following table presents the tax-equivalent yields of held-to-maturity debt securities by contractual maturity at December 31, 2022. In some instances, the issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations without penalty prior to the contractual maturity date. 

One Year or Less 

One to Five Years 

Five to Ten Years 

Over Ten Years 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Total 

Weighted-average yield (1): 

U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies 

2.16 

2.16 

Residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of government sponsored entities and agencies (2) 

2.53 

2.53 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions (3) 

2.94 

3.17 

2.62 

3.18 

2.95 

Corporate debt securities 

3.54 

3.54 

Total weighted average yield 

2.94 

3.23 

2.62 

3.18 

2.50 

2.96 

(1) Yields are determined based on the lower of the yield-to-call or yield-to-maturity. 

(2) Certain U.S. Government sponsored agency, mortgage-backed and collateralized mortgage securities, which have prepayment provisions, are not assigned to maturity categories due to fluctuations in their prepayment speeds. 

(3) Average yields on obligations of states and political subdivisions have been calculated on a taxable-equivalent basis using the federal statutory tax rate of 21 . 

Cost-method investments consist primarily of FHLB of Pittsburgh stock totaling 36.2 million and 15.9 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Wesbanco s municipal portfolio comprises 33.5 of the overall securities portfolio as of December 31, 2022 compared to 25.2 as of December 31, 2021, which carries different risks that are not as prevalent in other security types contained in the portfolio. The following table presents the allocation of the individual bonds in the municipal bond portfolio based on the combined ratings of two major bond credit rating agencies (at fair value): 
 43 

TABLE 8. MUNICIPAL BOND RATINGS 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Amount 

of Total 

Amount 

of Total 

Municipal bonds (at fair value) (1): 

Investment Grade - Prime 

122,914 

11.1 

99,717 

9.6 

Investment Grade - High 

850,746 

76.6 

774,858 

74.9 

Investment Grade - Upper Medium 

131,457 

11.8 

152,897 

14.8 

Investment Grade - Lower Medium 

1,064 

0.0 

2,269 

0.2 

Not rated 

4,636 

0.5 

4,602 

0.5 

Total municipal bond portfolio 

1,110,816 

100.0 

1,034,343 

100.0 

(1) The lowest available rating was used when placing the bond into a category in the table. 

Wesbanco s municipal bond portfolio at December 31, 2022, consists of 384.7 million of taxable and 726.1 million of tax-exempt general obligation and revenue bonds. The following table presents additional information regarding the municipal bond type and issuer (at fair value): 
 TABLE 9. COMPOSITION OF MUNICIPAL SECURITIES 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Amount 

of Total 

Amount 

of Total 

Municipal bond type: 

General Obligation 

805,621 

72.5 

740,858 

71.6 

Revenue 

305,195 

27.5 

293,485 

28.4 

Total municipal bond portfolio 

1,110,816 

100.0 

1,034,343 

100.0 

Municipal bond issuer: 

State Issued 

72,855 

6.6 

42,717 

4.1 

Local Issued 

1,037,961 

93.4 

991,626 

95.9 

Total municipal bond portfolio 

1,110,816 

100.0 

1,034,343 

100.0 

Wesbanco s municipal bond portfolio is broadly spread across the United States. The following table presents the top five states of municipal bond concentration based on total fair value at December 31, 2022: 
 
 TABLE 10. CONCENTRATION OF MUNICIPAL SECURITIES 

December 31, 2022 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Fair Value 

of Total 

Pennsylvania 

196,815 

17.7 

California 

193,717 

17.4 

Ohio 

94,415 

8.5 

Texas 

87,085 

7.8 

Illinois 

44,181 

4.0 

All other states (1) 

494,603 

44.6 

Total municipal bond portfolio 

1,110,816 

100.0 

(1) Wesbanco's municipal bond portfolio contains obligations in the state of West Virginia totaling 31.2 million or 2.8 of the total municipal portfolio. 
 Wesbanco uses prices from independent pricing services and, to a lesser extent, indicative (non-binding) quotes from independent brokers, to measure the fair value of its securities. Wesbanco validates prices received from pricing services or brokers using a variety of methods, including, but not limited to, comparison to secondary pricing services, corroboration of pricing by reference to other independent market data such as secondary broker quotes and relevant benchmark indices, review of pricing by personnel familiar with market liquidity and other market-related conditions, review of pricing service methodologies, review of independent auditor reports received from the pricing service regarding its internal controls, and through review of inputs and assumptions used in pricing certain securities thinly-traded or with limited observable data points. The procedures in place provide management with a sufficient understanding of the valuation models, assumptions, inputs and pricing to reasonably measure the fair value of Wesbanco s securities. For additional disclosure relating to fair value measurement, refer to Note 16, Fair Value Measurement in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 44 

LOANS AND LOAN COMMITMENTS 
 Loans represent Wesbanco s largest balance sheet asset classification and the largest source of interest income. Commercial loans include CRE, which is further differentiated between land and construction, and improved property loans; as well as other C I loans that are not secured by real estate. Retail loans include residential real estate mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit HELOC ), and loans for other consumer purposes. 
 Loan commitments, which are not reported on the balance sheet, represent available balances on commercial and consumer lines of credit, commercial letters of credit, deposit account overdraft protection limits, certain loan guarantee contracts, and approved commitments to extend credit. Approved commitments, which have been accepted by the customer, are included net of any Wesbanco loan balances that are to be refinanced by the new commitment. However, typically not all approved commitments will ultimately be funded. 
 Loans and loan commitments are summarized in Table 11. 
 TABLE 11. LOANS AND COMMITMENTS 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Balance 
 
 Commitments 
 
 Exposure 

Balance 
 
 Commitments 
 
 Exposure 

LOANS 

Commercial real estate: 

Land and construction 

943,887 

1,093,848 

2,037,735 

833,880 

610,557 

1,444,437 

Improved property 

5,117,457 

211,275 

5,328,732 

4,705,088 

302,219 

5,007,307 

Total commercial real estate 

6,061,344 

1,305,123 

7,366,467 

5,538,968 

912,776 

6,451,744 

Commercial and industrial (1) 

1,579,395 

1,359,275 

2,938,670 

1,590,320 

1,285,726 

2,876,046 

Total commercial loans 

7,640,739 

2,664,398 

10,305,137 

7,129,288 

2,198,502 

9,327,790 

Residential real estate 

2,140,584 

359,467 

2,500,051 

1,721,378 

348,978 

2,070,356 

Home equity lines of credit 

695,065 

1,190,386 

1,885,451 

605,682 

878,710 

1,484,392 

Consumer 

226,340 

39,127 

265,467 

277,130 

63,004 

340,134 

Total retail loans 

3,061,989 

1,588,980 

4,650,969 

2,604,190 

1,290,692 

3,894,882 

Total portfolio loans 

10,702,728 

4,253,378 

14,956,106 

9,733,478 

3,489,194 

13,222,672 

Loans held for sale 

8,249 

12,367 

20,616 

25,277 

35,015 

60,292 

Deposit overdraft limits 

380,143 

380,143 

370,439 

370,439 

Total loans 

10,710,977 

4,645,888 

15,356,865 

9,758,755 

3,894,648 

13,653,403 

Letters of credit included above 

30,362 

29,017 

(1) Includes 8.1 million and 162.7 million of SBA PPP loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Total portfolio loans increased 969.3 million or 1.0 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, due to strong growth throughout the year in both the commercial real estate and residential real estate portfolios. Excluding PPP loans, total loans increased 1.1 billion or 11.7 over the last twelve months as the large majority of the remaining PPP loans were forgiven or repaid over the course of the year. Commercial real estate loans increased 522.4 million or 9.4 , as improved property increased by 8.8 and land and construction loans increased 13.2 . Commercial and industrial loans decreased 10.9 million or 0.7 due to a 154.6 million decrease in PPP loan balances; excluding PPP loans, commercial and industrial loans increased 143.6 million or 10.1 . Residential real estate loans increased 419.2 million or 24.4 and home equity loans increased 89.4 million or 14.8 , while consumer loans decreased 50.8 million or 18.3 . Portfolio loans are presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets net of deferred loan fees and costs and discounts on purchased loans. The net deferred loan costs were 9.6 million and 3.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Wesbanco conducts a deferred loan cost study to determine the allowable costs to be deferred over the life of the loan. Wesbanco s deferred costs have continued to increase at a faster rate than the related customer deferred fee income causing the balance of the deferred loan costs to outweigh the deferred loan fees, primarily from home equity lines of credit, which have little fee income. Purchased loan discounts from acquisitions included in the portfolio loan balances were 18.0 million and 25.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Loan accretion included in interest income on loans acquired from prior acquisitions was 8.0 million and 13.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As part of loan fee income for the year ended December 31, 2022, recognized PPP loan fees were 5.9 million compared to 25.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, 0.2 million of unaccreted net deferred fee income remains to be recognized on the PPP loans, as compared to 6.1 million at December 31, 2021. 
 CRE loans at December 31, 2022 represent a significant component of the loan portfolio at 56.6 and increased 9.4 as compared to CRE balances at December 31, 2021. CRE land and construction loan balances increased 110.0 million or 13.2 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, while CRE improved property loans increased 412.4 million or 8.8 during the same period. 
 C I loans decreased 10.9 million or 0.7 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, due to the 154.6 million decline in outstanding PPP loans. The available lines of credit within C I loans decreased slightly from 65.5 at December 31, 2021 to 64.9 of total C I revolving lines of credit exposure as of December 31, 2022. 
 45 

Residential real estate mortgage loans increased 419.2 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Wesbanco retained approximately 78 of mortgages by dollar volume originated in 2022 for the portfolio compared to 57 in 2021. As mortgage rates increase, the demand for various mortgage products and related terms changes, and thus impacts what Wesbanco is able to sell into the secondary market. 
 HELOC loans increased 89.4 million or 14.8 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 as 37.8 million in consumer HELOC loans that were previously classified as consumer were transferred to the HELOC segment. In addition, higher originations of HELOC products resulted from fewer customers refinancing into first mortgage loans in the higher interest rate environment. 
 Consumer loans decreased 50.8 million or 18.3 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 due primarily to the aforementioned loan transfer. 
 Total loan commitments increased 751.2 million or 19.3 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Commitments in the total CRE portfolio increased approximately 392.3 million or 43.0 , C I commitments increased 73.5 million or 5.7 and HELOC commitments increased 311.7 million or 35.5 . 
 Geographic Distribution Wesbanco extends credit primarily within the market areas where it has branch offices, markets adjacent thereto, or markets that have a loan production office. Loans outside of these markets are generally only made to established customers that have other business relationships with Wesbanco in its markets. Loans outside of Wesbanco s markets represented approximately 4 and 2 of total loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. These loans consist primarily of C I, CRE-improved property loans, residential real estate loans for second residences or vacation homes, consumer purpose lines of credit to wealth management customers, and automobile loans to family members of local customers. 
 The geographic distribution of the loan portfolio, excluding deposit overdraft limits and loans held for sale, is summarized in Table 12. 
 TABLE 12. GEOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION OF LOANS 

December 31, 2022 (1) 

Commercial Real Estate 

(percentage of outstandings, rounded to nearest whole percent) 
 
 Land and Construction 

Improved Property 

Commercial and Industrial 

Residential Real Estate 

Home Equity Lines 

Consumer 

Total 

Pittsburgh, PA MSA 

7 

10 

12 

13 

15 

7 

11 

Washington-Arlington-Alexandria DC-VA-MD-WV MSA 

12 

14 

8 

13 

3 

2 

11 

Columbus, OH MSA 

13 

9 

8 

12 

7 

4 

10 

Baltimore-Columbia-Towson MD MSA 

3 

8 

2 

11 

4 

2 

7 

Western Ohio MSAs 

14 

5 

6 

11 

8 

4 

7 

Louisville, KY Jefferson County MSA 

14 

8 

11 

4 

4 

3 

8 

Upper Ohio Valley MSAs 

2 

4 

13 

5 

10 

22 

6 

Other Ohio Locations 

6 

6 

14 

5 

9 

11 

7 

Other West Virginia Locations 

2 

5 

5 

4 

9 

15 

5 

Huntington, WV-Ashland, KY MSA 

3 

3 

3 

2 

3 

5 

3 

Lexington, KY Fayette County MSA 

10 

4 

1 

4 

2 

1 

4 

Other Kentucky Locations 

3 

5 

3 

4 

9 

5 

5 

Morgantown, WV MSA 

1 

4 

3 

3 

3 

5 

3 

Parkersburg, WV-Marietta, OH MSA 

2 

2 

2 

1 

4 

7 

2 

California-Lexington Park MD MSA 

2 

3 

1 

1 

2 

Adjacent States Outside-of-Market 

4 

4 

4 

4 

1 

5 

4 

Other Pennsylvania Locations 

1 

1 

1 

6 

2 

1 

Other Indiana Locations 

2 

2 

2 

1 

1 

2 

Other Maryland Locations 

4 

1 

1 

2 

Frederick-Gaithersburg-Rockville MD MSA 

1 

Total 

100 

100 

100 

100 

100 

100 

100 

(1) Real estate secured loans are categorized based on the address of the collateral. All other loans are categorized based on the borrower s address. 

The Upper Ohio Valley Metropolitan Statistical Areas MSAs include the Wheeling, West Virginia and Weirton, West Virginia-Steubenville, Ohio MSAs. Other West Virginia locations include the Fairmont-Clarksburg and Charleston MSAs as well as communities that are not located within an MSA primarily in the northern, central and eastern parts of the state. The western Ohio MSAs include the Dayton-Springfield 
 46 

and the Cincinnati-Middletown MSAs. Other Ohio locations include communities in Ohio that are not located within an MSA, the majority of which are located in southeastern Ohio. Other Indiana locations include communities in Indiana that are not located within an MSA, the majority of which are located in southern Indiana. Other Kentucky locations include the Elizabethtown KY MSA along with other Kentucky locations that are not located within an MSA. Through the acquisition of OLBK, Wesbanco added the Baltimore-Columbia-Towson, MD MSA, Frederick-Gaithersburg-Rockville, MD MSA and Washington DC-Arlington-Alexandria, VA MSA as well as other Maryland locations. Adjacent states include parts of Delaware and Virginia that are within close proximity to Wesbanco s markets. Outside-of-market loans consist of loans in all other locations not included in any of the other defined areas and have remained relatively unchanged over the past few years. 
 CREDIT RISK 
 The risk that borrowers will be unable or unwilling to repay their obligations is inherent in all lending activities. Repayment risk can be impacted by external events such as adverse economic conditions, social and political influences that impact entire industries or major employers, individual loss of employment or other personal calamities and changes in interest rates. This inherent risk may be further exacerbated by the terms and structure of each loan as well as potential concentrations of risk. The primary goal of managing credit risk is to minimize the impact of all of these factors on the quality of the loan portfolio. 
 Credit risk is managed through the initial underwriting process as well as through ongoing monitoring and administration of the portfolio. Credit policies establish standard underwriting guidelines for each type of loan and require an appropriate evaluation of the credit characteristics of each borrower. This evaluation focuses on the sufficiency and sustainability of the primary source of repayment, the adequacy of collateral, if any, as a secondary source of repayment, potential for guarantor support, as a tertiary source of repayment and other factors unique to each type of loan that may increase or mitigate their risk. The manner and degree of monitoring and administration of the portfolio varies by type and size of loan. 
 Credit risk is also managed by closely monitoring delinquency levels and trends and initiating collection efforts at the earliest stage of delinquency. Wesbanco also monitors general economic conditions, including unemployment, housing activity and real estate values in its markets. Underwriting standards are modified when appropriate based on market conditions, the performance of one or more loan categories, and other external factors. An independent loan review function also performs periodic reviews of the portfolio to assess the adequacy and effectiveness of underwriting, loan documentation and portfolio administration. 
 Each category of loans contains distinct elements of risk that impact the manner in which those loans are underwritten, structured, documented, administered and monitored. Customary terms and underwriting practices, together with specific risks associated with each category of loans and Wesbanco s processes for managing those risks are discussed in the remainder of this section. 
 Commercial Loans The commercial portfolio consists of loans to a wide range of business enterprises of varying size. Many commercial loans often involve multiple loans to one borrower or a group of related borrowers, therefore the potential for loss on any single transaction can be significantly greater for commercial loans than for retail loans. Commercial loan risk is mitigated by limiting total credit exposure to individual borrowers or groups of borrowers, industries and geographic markets and by requiring appropriate collateral or guarantors. 
 Commercial loans are monitored for potential concentrations of loans to any one borrower or group of related borrowers. At December 31, 2022 Wesbanco s legal lending limit to any single borrower or their related interests approximated 246 million. The ten largest commercial relationships combined ranged from 662 million to 843 million during 2022. There were 20 relationships that exceeded 50 million at December 31, 2022. These large relationships generally consist of more than one loan to a borrower or their related entities. The single largest relationship exposure approximated 117 million at December 31, 2022 and consists of multiple loans to a business relationship for gasoline stations with convenience stores, which is in the retail sector. 
 Commercial loans, including renewals and extensions of maturity, are approved within a framework of individual lending authorities based on the total credit exposure of the borrower. Loans with credit exposure up to 1 million are approved by underwriters that are not responsible for loan origination. Loans with credit exposure greater than 1 million minimally require the approval of a commercial banking executive, and credit exposures greater than 1.5 million require approval of a credit officer that is not responsible for loan origination. In the Mid-Atlantic market, credit exposures greater than 5 million up to 15 million require approval of a credit committee comprised of senior management in the market and credit officers not responsible for loan origination. Credit exposures greater than 25 million require approval of a centralized credit committee comprised of senior and executive management, credit officers, directors, and certain other non-voting qualified persons that are not responsible for loan origination. Underwriters and credit officers do not receive incentive compensation based on loan origination volume. Commercial banking executives receive incentive compensation based on multiple factors that include loan origination, net growth in outstanding loan balances, fees, credit quality and portfolio administration requirements. 
 47 

CRE land and construction consists of loans to finance land for development, investment, use in a commercial business enterprise, agricultural or minerals extraction, construction of residential dwellings for resale, multi-family apartments and other commercial buildings that may be owner-occupied or income-generating investments for the owner. Construction loans generally are made only when Wesbanco also commits to the permanent financing of the project, has a takeout commitment from another lender for the permanent loan or the loan is expected to be repaid from the sale of subdivided property. However, even if Wesbanco has a takeout commitment, construction loans are underwritten as if Wesbanco will retain the loan upon completion of construction. In recent years, many construction loans that did not have a takeout commitment when the loan originated have been sold or refinanced in the secondary market immediately upon completion of construction, at times, resulting in significant unscheduled loan payoffs. 
 CRE land and construction loans require payment of interest-only during the construction period, with initial terms ranging from six months up to three years for larger, multiple-phase projects, such as residential housing developments and large scale commercial projects. Interest rates are often fully-floating based on an appropriate index, but may be structured in the same manner as the interest rate that will apply to the permanent loan upon completion of construction. Interest during the construction period is typically included in the project costs and therefore is often funded by loan advances. Advances are monitored to ensure that the project is at the appropriate stage of completion with each advance and that interest reserves are not exhausted prior to completion of the project. In the event a project is not completed within the initial term, the loan is re-underwritten at maturity, but interest beyond the initial term must be paid by the borrower and in some instances an additional interest reserve is required as a condition of extending the maturity. Upon completion of construction, the loan is converted to permanent financing and reclassified to CRE improved property. 
 CRE improved property loans consist of loans to purchase or refinance owner-occupied and investment properties. Owner-occupied CRE consists of loans to borrowers in a diverse range of industries and property types. Investment properties include multi-family apartment buildings, 1-to-4 family rental units, lodging and various types of commercial buildings that are rented or leased to unrelated parties of the owner. 
 CRE improved property loans generally require monthly principal and interest payments based on amortization periods ranging from ten to thirty years depending on the type, age and condition of the property. Loans with amortization periods exceeding twenty years typically also have a maturity date or call option of ten years or less. Interest rates are generally adjustable after a fixed period ranging from one to five years based on an appropriate index of comparable duration. Interest rates may also be fixed for longer than five years and certain loans from acquisitions may have longer initial fixed rate terms. For certain larger loans, the borrower may be required to enter into an interest rate derivative contract that converts Wesbanco s rate to an adjustable rate. 
 C I loans consist of revolving lines of credit to finance accounts receivable, inventory and other general business purposes; term loans to finance fixed assets other than real estate, and letters of credit to support trade, insurance or governmental requirements for a variety of businesses. Most C I borrowers are privately-held companies with annual sales up to 100 million. 
 C I term loans secured by equipment and other types of collateral generally require monthly principal and interest payments based on amortization periods up to ten years depending on the estimated useful life of the collateral, with interest rates that may be fixed for the term of the loan (potentially via an interest rate derivative contract) or adjustable after a fixed period ranging from one to seven years based on an appropriate index. 
 Commercial lines and letters of credit are generally categorized as C I but may also be categorized as CRE improved property loans or CRE land and construction if they are secured primarily by real estate. Lines of credit typically require payment of interest-only with principal due on demand or at maturity. Interest rates on lines of credit are generally fully-adjustable based on an appropriate short-term index. Letters of credit typically require a periodic fee with principal and interest due on demand in the event the beneficiary of the letter requests an advance on the commitment. Lines of credit may also include a fee based on the amount of the line that is not advanced. Lines and letters of credit are generally renewable or may be cancelled annually by Wesbanco, but may also be committed for up to three years for certain small business lines and certain letters of credit. Letters of credit may also require Wesbanco to notify the beneficiary within a specified time in the event Wesbanco does not intend to renew or extend the commitment. 
 48 

Table 13 summarizes the distribution of maturities by rate type for all commercial loans. 
 TABLE 13. MATURITIES OF COMMERCIAL LOANS 

December 31, 2022 

Fixed Rate Loans 

Variable Rate Loans 

(in thousands) 
 
 In One Year or Less 

After One Year Through Five Years 

After Five Years Through Fifteen Years 

After Fifteen Years 

Total 

In One Year or Less 

After One Year Through Five Years 

After Five Years Through Fifteen Years 

After Fifteen Years 

Total 

Commercial real estate: 

Land and construction 

68,628 

170,012 

184,484 

42,643 

465,767 

110,297 

216,922 

133,952 

16,949 

478,120 

Improved property 

158,587 

1,160,341 

1,209,187 

106,864 

2,634,979 

106,221 

539,014 

1,594,023 

243,220 

2,482,478 

Commercial and industrial 

140,709 

485,219 

337,118 

45,207 

1,008,253 

71,025 

207,671 

203,867 

88,579 

571,142 

Total commercial loans 

367,924 

1,815,572 

1,730,789 

194,714 

4,108,999 

287,543 

963,607 

1,931,842 

348,748 

3,531,740 

The primary factors considered in underwriting CRE land and construction loans are the overall viability of each project, the experience and financial capacity of the developer or builder to successfully complete the project, market absorption rates and property values. These loans also have the unique risk that the developer or builder may not complete the project, or not complete it on time or within budget. Risk is generally mitigated by extending credit to developers and builders with established reputations who operate in Wesbanco s markets and have the liquidity or other resources to absorb unanticipated increases in the cost of a project or longer than anticipated absorption, periodically inspecting construction in progress, and disbursing the loan at specified stages of completion. Certification of completed construction by a licensed architect or engineer and performance and payment bonds may also be required for certain types of projects. Since speculative projects are inherently riskier, Wesbanco may require a specified percentage of pre-sales for land and residential development or pre-lease commitments for investment property before construction can begin. 
 
 The primary factors that are considered in underwriting investment real estate are the debt service coverage calculation, the net rental income generated by the property, the composition of the tenants occupying the property, and the terms of leases, all of which may vary depending on the specific type of property. Other factors that are considered include the overall financial capacity of the investors and their experience owning and managing investment property. 
 
 Repayment of owner-occupied loans must come from the cash flow generated by the occupant s commercial business. Therefore, the primary factors that are considered in underwriting owner-occupied CRE and C I loans are the debt service coverage calculation, the historical and projected earnings, cash flow, capital resources, liquidity and leverage of the business. Other factors that are considered for their potential impact on repayment capacity include the borrower s industry, competitive advantages and disadvantages, demand for the business products and services, business model viability, quality, experience and depth of management, and external influences that may impact the business such as general economic conditions and social or political changes. 
 
 The type, age, condition and location of real estate as well as any environmental risks associated with the property are considered for both owner-occupied and investment CRE. Environmental risk is mitigated by requiring assessments performed by qualified inspectors whenever the current or previous uses of the property or any adjacent properties are likely to have resulted in contamination of the property financed. Risk is further mitigated by requiring borrowers to have adequate down payments or cash equity, thereby limiting the loan amount in relation to the lower of the cost or the market value of the property, unless there are sufficient mitigating factors that would reduce the risk of a higher loan-to-value. Market values are determined by obtaining current appraisals or evaluations, whichever is appropriate or required by banking regulations based on the amount financed prior to the loan being made. New appraisals or evaluations may be obtained throughout the life of each loan to more accurately assess current market value when the initial term of a loan is being extended, market conditions indicate that the property value may have declined, and/or the primary source of repayment is no longer adequate to repay the loan under its original terms. 
 
 CRE loan-to-value LTV ratios are generally limited to the maximum percentages prescribed by Wesbanco credit policy or banking regulations, which range from 65 for unimproved land to 85 for improved commercial property. Regulatory guidelines also limit the aggregate of CRE loans that exceed prescribed LTV ratios to 30 of the Bank s total risk-based capital. The aggregate of all CRE loans and loan commitments that exceeded the regulatory guidelines approximated 126 million or 8 of the Bank s total risk-based capital at December 31, 2022, compared to 117 million or 7 at December 31, 2021. Regardless of credit policy or regulatory guidelines, lower LTV ratios may be required for certain types of properties or when other factors exist that increase the risk of volatility in market values such as single or special-use properties that cannot be easily converted to other uses or may have limited marketability. Conversely, higher LTV ratios may be acceptable when there are other factors to adequately mitigate the risk. 
 
 49 

The type and amount of collateral for C I loans varies depending on the overall financial strength of the borrower, the amount and terms of the loan, and available collateral or guarantors. The level of pledged collateral can vary from unsecured to fully secured with various types of collateral. Unsecured credit is only extended to those borrowers and/or guarantors that exhibit consistently strong repayment capacity and the financial condition to withstand a temporary decline in their operating cash flows. Unsecured loans totaled 226 million and 393 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Of the unsecured loans at December 31, 2022, 8 million are SBA-guaranteed PPP loans versus 163 million at December 31, 2021. Loans can be secured by bank deposit accounts, marketable securities, working capital assets (accounts receivable and inventory), equipment or owner occupied real estate. Bank deposits and marketable securities represent the lowest risk. Marketable securities are subject to changes in market value and are monitored regularly by the bank to ensure they remain appropriately margined. Collateral other than equipment or real estate that fluctuates with business activity, such as accounts receivable and inventory, may also be subject to regular reporting and certification by the borrower and, in some instances, independent inspection and verification by Wesbanco. Loans secured by equipment or real estate may be subject to receipt of third party appraisals. Although loans can be collateral type-specific, they can also be secured by multiple property types and/or a blanket lien may be placed on all of a borrower s assets. 
 
 Most commercial loans are originated directly by Wesbanco. Participation in loans originated by other financial institutions represents 789 million or 7.7 of total commercial loan exposure at December 31, 2022, compared to 547 million or 5.9 at December 31, 2021. Included in this total are Shared National Credits of 10 million at December 31, 2022 and 11 million at December 31, 2021. Shared National Credits are defined as loans in excess of 100 million that are financed by three or more lending institutions. Wesbanco performs its own customary credit evaluation and underwriting before purchasing loan participations. The credit risk associated with these loans is similar to that of loans originated by Wesbanco, but additional risk may arise from the limited ability to control the actions of the lead, agent or servicing institution. 
 
 The commercial portfolio is monitored for potential concentrations of credit risk including by market, CRE property type, C I industry, loan type and loans affected by similar external factors. 
 
 Beginning in 2001 and revised in 2013, banks of a certain size are required to track C I loan transactions designated as Highly Leveraged Transactions HLTs ). Loans that meet the criteria must be of a certain size, for the purpose of a buyout, acquisition or capital distributions and meet certain leverage ratios. As of December 31, 2022, Wesbanco had 39.8 million or 0.4 of total commercial loan exposure designated as HLTs, as compared to 39.5 million or 0.4 as of December 31, 2021. 
 The bank is monitoring the office building portfolio, as the continuing trend towards remote work has led to diminished need for dedicated office space. As of December 31, 2022, total exposure to land development and new development related to office buildings, improvements and renovation of existing structures, purchase of existing buildings and other related activities approximated 519 million or 5.0 of the total commercial loan exposure, as compared to 470 million or 5.0 of the total commercial loan exposure at December 31, 2021. There is a potential risk for office loan losses to materialize as lease agreements begin to expire and companies reduce their footprint. 
 50 

TABLE 14. COMMERCIAL EXPOSURE BY INDUSTRY 

December 31, 2022 

Land and Construction 

Improved Property 

Commercial and Industrial 

PPP 

(in thousands) 
 
 Balance 
 
 Commitment 

Balance 
 
 Commitment 

Balance 
 
 Commitment 

Loan Balance 

Total Loan Balance 
 
 Total Exposure 
 
 of Capital (1) 

Agriculture and farming 

1,735 

2,694 

13,382 

808 

25,701 

6,590 

6 

40,824 

50,916 

3.1 

Energy 

4,656 

30,262 

939 

83,682 

48,561 

89 

118,689 

168,189 

10.3 

Construction 

92,343 

74,503 

106,252 

19,521 

157,526 

207,918 

540 

356,661 

658,603 

40.3 

Manufacturing 

7,915 

29,151 

148,041 

31,945 

154,563 

132,245 

3,069 

313,588 

506,929 

31.0 

Wholesale and distribution 

1,413 

2,700 

58,978 

2,893 

130,553 

95,453 

190,944 

291,990 

17.9 

Retail 

31,157 

34,559 

287,171 

22,155 

121,967 

81,590 

119 

440,414 

578,718 

35.4 

Transportation and warehousing 

14,679 

2,116 

62,200 

2,985 

53,017 

20,946 

641 

130,537 

156,584 

9.6 

Information and communications 

3,884 

31,793 

9,638 

5,395 

2,353 

22 

18,939 

53,085 

3.2 

Finance and insurance 

1,157 

7 

17,183 

485 

44,352 

122,380 

80 

62,772 

185,644 

11.4 

Equipment leasing 

573 

663 

18,485 

461 

52,882 

37,010 

71,940 

110,074 

6.7 

Real estate - 1-4 family 

3,844 

2,389 

236,117 

13,062 

3,652 

3,384 

243,613 

262,448 

16.1 

Real estate - multi-family 

268,166 

468,087 

569,289 

11,038 

837,455 

1,316,580 

80.5 

Real estate - other retail 

2,248 

192 

172,854 

1,835 

4,393 

179,495 

181,522 

11.1 

Real estate - shopping center 

20,760 

14,647 

480,629 

5,611 

501,389 

521,647 

31.9 

Real estate - office building 

36,795 

8,205 

442,349 

18,862 

12,014 

580 

491,158 

518,805 

31.7 

Real estate - commercial/manufacturing 

30,506 

7,507 

326,776 

6,421 

8,337 

527 

365,619 

380,074 

23.3 

Real estate - residential buildings 

58,057 

185,002 

107,583 

5,912 

21,189 

16,038 

21 

186,850 

393,802 

24.1 

Real estate - other 

89,731 

23,865 

484,479 

26,896 

25,424 

30,347 

23 

599,657 

680,765 

41.6 

Services 

14,614 

9,289 

262,462 

18,148 

191,347 

138,615 

721 

469,144 

635,196 

38.9 

Schools and education services 

23,963 

29,171 

701 

93,414 

11,980 

146,548 

159,229 

9.7 

Healthcare 

121,471 

80,053 

360,093 

6,558 

110,160 

60,255 

343 

592,067 

738,933 

45.2 

Entertainment and recreation 

11,182 

6,333 

42,526 

1,170 

4,913 

6,478 

129 

58,750 

72,731 

4.4 

Hotels 

20,158 

29,819 

622,803 

1,363 

836 

6,495 

1,430 

645,227 

682,904 

41.8 

Other accommodations 

21,589 

13,165 

47,846 

1,266 

90 

539 

69,525 

84,495 

5.2 

Restaurants 

16,691 

10,781 

90,933 

5,562 

45,226 

25,954 

699 

153,549 

195,846 

12.0 

Religious organizations 

7,721 

5,239 

69,204 

2,398 

27,570 

21,692 

104,495 

133,824 

8.2 

Government 

36,879 

5,384 

18,973 

220 

179,199 

19,834 

183 

235,234 

260,672 

15.9 

Unclassified 

45,705 

1,778 

2,060 

13,878 

261,511 

15,656 

324,932 

19.9 

Total commercial loans 

943,887 

1,093,848 

5,117,457 

211,275 

1,571,280 

1,359,275 

8,115 

7,640,739 

10,305,137 

630.5 

(1) Represents Bank s total risk-based capital. 

Multi-family apartments represent the single largest category of commercial loans. Multi-family apartment exposure increased 67.9 from 784 million at December 31, 2021 to 1,317 million at December 31, 2022. This exposure represents 80.5 of total risk-based capital at December 31, 2022, up from 48.8 at December 31, 2021. 
 Healthcare represents the second largest category of commercial exposure with total exposure of 739 million. Healthcare exposure decreased 2.5 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. This category represents 45.2 of risk-based capital, compared to 47.1 at December 31, 2021. 
 Lodging represents the third largest category of commercial exposure with total exposure of 683 million. While the bank is still closely monitoring this portfolio, the negative effects of the pandemic experienced in 2020 and 2021 have largely been alleviated. Lodging exposure declined 5.6 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. This category represents 41.8 of risk-based capital, compared to 45.0 at December 31, 2021. 
 Real estate other represents the fourth largest category of commercial exposure with total exposure of 681 million. Real estate other exposure increased 7.2 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. This category represents 41.6 of risk-based capital, compared to 39.5 at December 31, 2021. Real estate other consists of property types such as box stores, eating facilities and mixed use. 
 Construction represents the fifth largest category of commercial loan exposure with total exposure of 659 million. Construction exposure declined 3.4 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. This represents 40.3 of total risk-based capital at December 31, 2022, compared to 42.4 at December 31, 2021. Construction-coded loans are broken down between 1-4 family homes built for sale, lot development and general trade. 
 Services represents the sixth largest category of commercial exposure with total exposure of 635 million. Services increased 6.8 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. This category represents 38.9 of risk-based capital, compared to 37.0 at December 31, 2021. 
 In addition to the methods in which Wesbanco monitors the CRE portfolio for possible concentrations of risk, the regulatory agencies use a two-tiered assessment to determine whether a bank has an overall concentration of CRE lending as a percentage of bank total risk-based capital. Loan balances used to determine compliance are based upon Call Report instructions and therefore do not necessarily match the balances displayed in Table 14. The first tier measures loans for land, land development, residential and commercial construction. This tier totals 1,301 
 51 

million or 79.6 of total risk-based capital at December 31, 2022, compared to 914 million or 56.8 at December 31, 2021. The regulatory guidance for the first tier is 100 of total risk-based capital. The second tier measures loans included in the first tier plus multi-family apartments and other commercial investment property. This tier totals 4,739 million or 289.9 of total risk-based capital at December 31, 2022, compared to 4,105 million or 255.2 at December 31, 2021. The regulatory guidance for the second tier is 300 of total risk-based capital. The regulatory agencies also consider whether a bank s CRE portfolio has increased by 50 or more within the prior thirty-six months of the assessment date. Total CRE exposure increased 719 million or 17.9 for the thirty-six month period ended December 31, 2022. 
 Basel III requires banks to identify High Volatility Commercial Real Estate HVCRE loans in their portfolios. These loans are subject to 150 weighting in the risk-based capital calculation, effective January 1, 2015. These regulations require, among other things, that investment CRE loans for acquisition, development or construction that are not in permanent amortizing loan status, meet the statutory LTV guidelines, have a minimum contributed equity of 15 in cash, marketable securities or contributed land at appraised value, and the loan documentation must contain a requirement that the initial capital injection remain in the project until the loan has converted to permanent financing or is paid in full. Changes to the law in May 2018 eliminated certain CRE loan categories from being subject to the regulation, such as owner-occupied, changed contributed land value from cost to appraised value for the equity component and required only the initial capital to meet the 15 threshold remain in the project. The bank has approximately 119 million in HVCRE exposure representing 1.6 of total CRE exposure and 7.3 of total risk-based capital at December 31, 2022. This compares to 79 million in HVCRE exposure representing 1.2 of total CRE exposure and 4.9 of total risk-based capital at December 31, 2021. 
 Under the CARES Act, Wesbanco modified approximately 3,600 loans totaling 2.2 billion in 2020, of which no commercial loans remain in deferral as of December 31, 2022. This compares to 51.5 million of commercial loans, representing 0.5 of total portfolio loans as of December 31, 2021. However, 65.0 million of commercial loans as of December 31, 2022 had various payment terms modified in exchange for enhancements beneficial to the Bank which were permanent improvements to the credit facility. Changes include an increase in floor rates, increase in guarantors and duration of guarantees and a change in covenants. None of the aforementioned loans were considered delinquent or on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022. 
 Retail Loans Retail loans are a homogenous group, generally consisting of standardized products that are smaller in amount and distributed over a larger number of individual borrowers. This group is comprised of residential real estate loans, home equity lines of credit and consumer loans. 
 Residential real estate consists of loans to purchase, construct or refinance the borrower s primary dwelling, second residence or vacation home. Residential real estate also includes approximately 10 million of 1-to-4 family rental properties at December 31, 2022, a decrease from approximately 11 million at December 31, 2021. Wesbanco originates residential real estate loans for its portfolio as well as for sale in the secondary market. Portfolio loans also include loans to finance vacant land upon which the owner intends to construct a dwelling at a future date. Except for construction loans that require interest-only payments during the construction period, portfolio loans require monthly principal and interest payments to amortize the loan with terms up to thirty years. Construction periods range from six to twelve months, but may be longer for larger residences. Loans for vacant land generally begin amortizing immediately and are refinanced when the owner begins construction of a dwelling. Interest rates on portfolio loans may be fixed for up to thirty years. Adjustable rate loans are based primarily on the Treasury Constant Maturity index and can adjust annually or in increments up to 15 years. Currently most 30 year and a portion of 15 year fixed-rate originations are sold into the secondary market. 
 HELOC loans are secured by first or second liens on a borrower s primary residence or second home. HELOCs are generally limited to an amount which when combined with the first mortgage on the property, if any, does not exceed 90 of the market value. Maximum LTV ratios are also tiered based on the amount of the line and the borrower s credit history. Most HELOCs originated prior to 2005 are available for draws by the borrower for up to fifteen years, at which time the outstanding balance is converted to a term loan requiring monthly principal and interest payments sufficient to repay the loan in not more than seven years. Most HELOCs originated from 2005 through 2013 are available to the borrower for an indefinite period as long as the borrower s credit characteristics do not materially change, but may be cancelled by Wesbanco under certain circumstances. Generally, lines originated since 2013 have a 15 year draw period, a ten-year repayment period and also give borrowers the option to convert portions of the balance of their line into an installment loan requiring monthly principal and interest payments, with availability to draw on the line restored as the installment portions are repaid. 
 Consumer loans consist of installment loans originated directly by Wesbanco and indirectly through dealers to finance purchases of automobiles, trucks, motorcycles, boats, and other recreational vehicles; home equity installment loans, unsecured home improvement loans, and revolving lines of credit that can be secured or unsecured. The maximum term for installment loans is generally eighty-four months for automobiles, trucks, motorcycles and boats; one hundred eighty months for travel trailers; one hundred twenty months for home equity/improvement loans; and sixty months if the loan is unsecured. Maximum terms may be less depending on age of collateral. In January 2018, the bank decided to no longer underwrite indirect loans for motorcycles, recreational vehicles, trailers, boats or off-road vehicles to reduce the overall risk profile of the portfolio. Revolving lines of credit are generally available for an indefinite period of time as long as the borrower s credit characteristics do not materially change, but may be cancelled by Wesbanco under certain circumstances. Interest rates on installment obligations are generally fixed for the term of the loan, while lines of credit are adjustable daily based on the Prime Rate. 
 52 

TABLE 15. MATURITIES OF RETAIL LOANS 

December 31, 2022 

Fixed Rate Loans 

Variable Rate Loans 

(in thousands) 
 
 In One Year or Less 

After One Year Through Five Years 

After Five Years Through Fifteen Years 

After Fifteen Years 

Total 

In One Year or Less 

After One Year Through Five Years 

After Five Years Through Fifteen Years 

After Fifteen Years 

Total 

Residential real estate 

8,288 

47,683 

158,835 

1,066,284 

1,281,090 

171 

3,122 

43,566 

812,635 

859,494 

Home equity lines of credit 

498 

13,976 

66,378 

175,651 

256,503 

22,565 

32,016 

39,923 

344,058 

438,562 

Consumer 

10,032 

117,297 

76,084 

873 

204,286 

2,384 

6,197 

13,473 

22,054 

Total retail loans 

18,818 

178,956 

301,297 

1,242,808 

1,741,879 

25,120 

41,335 

96,962 

1,156,693 

1,320,110 

The primary factors that are considered in underwriting retail loans are the borrower s credit history and their current and reasonably anticipated ability to repay their obligations as measured by their total debt-to-income ratio. Portfolio residential real estate loans are generally underwritten to secondary market lending standards using automated underwriting systems developed for the secondary market that rely on empirical data to evaluate each loan application and assess credit risk. The amount of the borrower s down payment is an important consideration for residential real estate, as is the borrower s equity in the property for HELOCs. It is common practice to finance the total amount of the purchase price of motor vehicles and other consumer products plus certain allowable additions for tax, title, service contracts and credit insurance. 
 Risk is further mitigated by requiring residential real estate borrowers to have adequate down payments or cash equity, thereby limiting the loan amount in relation to the lower of the cost or the market value of the property, unless there are sufficient mitigating factors that would reduce the risk of a higher loan-to-value. Market values are determined by obtaining current appraisals or evaluations, whichever is appropriate or required by banking regulations, based on the amount financed prior to the loan being made. New appraisals or evaluations are not obtained unless the borrower requests a modification or refinance of the loan, or there is increased dependence on the value of the collateral because the borrower is in default. 
 Wesbanco does not maintain current information about the industry in which retail borrowers are employed. While such information is obtained when each loan is underwritten, it often becomes inaccurate with the passage of time as borrowers change employment. Instead, Wesbanco estimates potential exposure based on consumer demographics, market share, and other available information when there is a significant risk of loss of employment within an industry or a significant employer in Wesbanco s markets. To management s knowledge, there are no concentrations of employment that would have a material adverse impact on the retail portfolio. 
 Most retail loans are originated directly by Wesbanco except for indirect consumer loans originated by automobile dealers and other sellers of consumer goods. Wesbanco performs its own customary credit evaluation and underwriting before purchasing indirect loans. The credit risk associated with these loans is similar to that of loans originated by Wesbanco, but additional risk may arise from Wesbanco s limited ability to control a dealer s compliance with applicable consumer lending laws. Indirect consumer loans represented 121 million or 54 of consumer loans at December 31, 2022 compared to 129 million or 47 at December 31, 2021. 
 Loans Held For Sale Loans held for sale consist of residential real estate loans originated for sale in the secondary market. Credit risk associated with such loans is mitigated by entering into sales commitments with third party investors to purchase the loans when they are originated. This practice has the effect of minimizing the amount of such loans that are unsold and the interest rate risk at any point in time. Wesbanco generally does not service these loans after they are sold. While most loans are sold without recourse, Wesbanco may be required to repurchase loans under certain circumstances for contractual periods of generally up to one year or less. The number and principal balance of loans that Wesbanco has been required to repurchase has not been material and therefore reserves established for this exposure are not material. 
 Banks that have been acquired by Wesbanco serviced some of the residential real estate loans that were sold to the secondary market prior to being acquired. Although these loans are not carried as an asset on the balance sheet, Wesbanco continues to service these loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Wesbanco serviced loans for others aggregating approximately 29 million and 19 million, respectively. The unamortized balance of mortgage servicing rights related to these loans is less than 100 thousand at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 CREDIT QUALITY 
 The quality of the loan portfolio is measured by various factors, including the amount of loans that are past due, required to be reported as non-performing, or are adversely graded in accordance with internal risk classifications that are consistent with regulatory adverse risk classifications. Non-performing loans consist of non-accrual loans and TDRs. Non-performing assets also include real estate owned REO and repossessed assets. Net charge-offs are also an important measure of credit quality. Wesbanco seeks to develop individual strategies for all 
 53 

assets that have adverse risk characteristics in order to minimize potential loss. However, there is no assurance such strategies will be successful and loans may ultimately proceed to foreclosure or other course of liquidation that does not fully repay the amount of the loan. 
 Past Due Loans Loans that are past due but not reported as non-performing generally consist of loans that are between 30 and 89 days contractually past due. Certain loans that are 90 days or more past due also continue to accrue interest because they are deemed to be well-secured and in the process of collection. Earlier stage delinquency requires routine collection efforts to prevent them from becoming more seriously delinquent. Early stage delinquency represents potential future non-performing loans if routine collection efforts are unsuccessful. Table 16 summarizes loans that are contractually past due 30 days or more, excluding non-accrual and TDR loans. 
 TABLE 16. PAST DUE AND ACCRUING LOANS EXCLUDING NON-ACCRUAL AND TDR LOANS 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Amount 
 
 of Loan Balance 

Amount 
 
 of Loan Balance 

90 days or more: 

Commercial real estate - land and construction 

629 

0.07 

51 

0.01 

Commercial real estate - improved property 

84 

0.00 

3,042 

0.06 

Commercial and industrial 

1,586 

0.10 

559 

0.04 

Residential real estate 

1,551 

0.07 

2,840 

0.16 

Home equity lines of credit 

1,063 

0.15 

685 

0.11 

Consumer 

530 

0.23 

627 

0.23 

Total 90 days or more 

5,443 

0.05 

7,804 

0.08 

30 to 89 days: 

Commercial real estate - land and construction 

910 

0.10 

0.00 

Commercial real estate - improved property 

2,459 

0.05 

14,001 

0.30 

Commercial and industrial 

984 

0.06 

3,442 

0.22 

Residential real estate 

3,582 

0.17 

4,513 

0.26 

Home equity lines of credit 

3,920 

0.56 

2,528 

0.42 

Consumer 

3,584 

1.58 

2,668 

0.96 

Total 30 to 89 days 

15,439 

0.14 

27,152 

0.28 

Total 30 days or more 

20,882 

0.19 

34,956 

0.36 

Loans past due 30 days or more and accruing interest and not reported as TDRs decreased 14.1 million, representing 0.19 of total loans at December 31, 2022, as compared to 0.36 at December 31, 2021. The overall low level of delinquency is the result of management s continued focus on sound initial underwriting and timely collection of loans at their earliest stage of delinquency. 
 Non-Performing Assets Non-performing assets consist of non-accrual loans, TDRs, REO and repossessed assets. 
 Loans are categorized as TDRs when Wesbanco, for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, grants a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider unless the modification results in only an insignificant delay in the payments to be received. Concessions may include a reduction of either the interest rate, the amount of accrued interest, or the principal balance of the loan. Other possible concessions are an interest rate that is less than the market rate for loans with comparable risk characteristics, an extension of the maturity date or an extension of the amortization schedule. Loans reported in this category continue to accrue interest so long as the borrower is able to continue repayment in accordance with the restructured terms. TDRs that are placed on non-accrual are reported in the non-accrual category and not included with accruing TDRs. 
 Loans are generally placed on non-accrual when they become past due 90 days or more unless they are both well-secured and in the process of collection. Non-accrual loans include certain loans that are also TDRs as set forth in Note 4, Loans and the Allowance for Credit Losses, of the Consolidated Financial Statements. Non-accrual loans also include consumer loans that were recently discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy but for which the borrower has continued to make payments for less than six consecutive months after the discharge. 
 54 

REO consists primarily of property acquired through or in lieu of foreclosure but may also include bank premises held for sale. Repossessed assets primarily consist of automobiles and other types of collateral acquired to satisfy defaulted consumer loans. 
 Table 17 summarizes non-performing assets. 
 TABLE 17. NON-PERFORMING ASSETS 

December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

TDRs accruing interest: 

Commercial real estate land and construction 

Commercial real estate improved property 

347 

374 

Commercial and industrial 

166 

192 

Residential real estate 

2,362 

2,875 

Home equity lines of credit 

330 

277 

Consumer 

25 

28 

Total TDRs accruing interest 

3,230 

3,746 

Non-accrual loans: 

Commercial real estate land and construction 

112 

73 

Commercial real estate improved property 

16,254 

7,715 

Commercial and industrial 

2,946 

5,064 

Residential real estate 

13,695 

17,190 

Home equity lines of credit 

5,044 

5,163 

Consumer 

134 

537 

Total non-accrual loans 

38,185 

35,742 

Total non-performing loans 

41,415 

39,488 

Real estate owned and repossessed assets 

1,486 

Total non-performing assets 

42,901 

39,488 

Total portfolio loans 

10,702,728 

9,733,478 

Non-performing loans as a percentage of total portfolio loans 

0.39 

0.41 

Non-accrual loans as a percentage of total portfolio loans 

0.36 

0.37 

Non-performing assets as a percentage of total assets 

0.25 

0.23 

Non-performing assets as a percentage of total portfolio loans, real estate owned and repossessed assets 

0.40 

0.41 

Accruing TDRs decreased 0.5 million or 13.8 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. There were no TDRs greater than 1 million or more at December 31, 2022 or 2021. Accruing TDRs are not concentrated in any industry, property or type of loan; however, retail loans, which consist of residential real estate, home equity lines of credit and consumer loans, represented 84.1 at December 31, 2022, as compared to 84.9 at December 31, 2021. This includes loans that were discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy in the current or prior year; however, the borrower has not yet made payments for at least six consecutive months after the discharge. 
 Non-accrual loans increased 2.4 million or 6.8 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Approximately 1.7 million or 4.5 of total non-accrual loans at December 31, 2022 also have restructured terms that would require them to be reported as a TDR if they were accruing interest, compared to 1.5 million or 4.3 of the total at December 31, 2021. 
 Section 4013 of the CARES Act allows financial institutions the option to temporarily suspend certain requirements under U.S. GAAP related to TDRs for a limited period of time during the COVID-19 pandemic. These customers must meet certain criteria, such as they were in good standing and not more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2019, as well as other requirements. Based on this guidance, Wesbanco does not classify the COVID-19 loan modifications as TDRs, nor are the customers considered past due with regard to their delayed payments. Upon exiting the loan modification deferral program, the measurement of loan delinquency will resume where it left off upon entry into the program. Wesbanco offered three to twelve months of deferred payments to commercial and retail customers impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, depending on the type of loan and the industry-type for commercial loans. None of these loans are considered delinquent as of December 31, 2022. Total deferred interest as of December 31, 2022 was 17.0 million, which is located within accrued interest receivable on the balance sheet. 
 REO and repossessed assets increased 1.5 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Wesbanco seeks to minimize the period for which it holds REO and repossessed assets while also attempting to obtain a fair value from their disposition. Therefore, the sales price 
 55 

of these assets is dependent on current market conditions that affect the value of real estate, used automobiles, and other collateral. Repossessed assets are generally sold at auction within 60 days after repossession. Expenses associated with owning REO and repossessed assets charged to other expenses were 0.8 million for 2022 compared to 0.2 million for 2021. Net gains on the disposition of REO and repossessed assets are credited or charged to non-interest income and approximated 0.0 million in 2022 and 0.5 million in 2021. 
 Criticized and Classified Loans Please refer to Note 4, Loans and the Allowance for Credit Losses, of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of internally-assigned risk grades for commercial loans and a summary of loans by grade. Wesbanco s criticized loans are currently protected, but have weaknesses, which if not corrected, may be inadequately protected at some future date. Classified loan grades are equivalent to the classifications used by banking regulators to identify those loans that have significant adverse characteristics. A classified loan grade is assigned to all non-accrual commercial loans and most commercial TDRs; however, TDRs may be upgraded after the borrower has repaid the loan in accordance with the restructured terms for a period of time, but such loans would generally continue to be reported as TDRs regardless of their grade. Criticized and classified loans totaled 250.5 million or 3.3 of total commercial loans at December 31, 2022, compared to 364.5 million or 5.1 at December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily due to net upgrades of 95.0 million of hospitality loans as a result of increased occupancy and debt service coverage as conditions continue to improve versus the pandemic-driven environment. 
 Charge-offs and Recoveries Total charge-offs decreased 2.2 million or 22.1 to 7.9 million, while total recoveries decreased 2.1 million to 6.7 million, resulting in an increase of 0.1 million in net charge-offs for 2022 compared to 2021. The total net loan charge-off rate of 0.02 of average loans at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 is consistent with continued overall low levels of non-performing loans, which were limited due to CARES Act assistance from the SBA s PPP program and the ability to treat certain loan modifications as non-TDRs during 2021 and 2022. Table 18 summarizes charge-offs and recoveries as well as net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans for each category of the loan portfolio. 
 56 

TABLE 18. CHARGE-OFFS AND RECOVERIES 

December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Commercial real estate - land and construction 

Net charge-offs / (recoveries) 

(52) 

(167) 

(41) 

Average balance outstanding 

903,411 

721,673 

711,697 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) as a percentage of average loans 

(0.01) 

(0.02) 

(0.01) 

Commercial real estate - improved property 

Net charge-offs / (recoveries) 

(243) 

466 

951 

Average balance outstanding 

4,825,288 

4,943,980 

4,929,934 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) as a percentage of average loans 

(0.01) 

0.01 

0.02 

Commercial and industrial 

Net charge-offs / (recoveries) 

71 

226 

2,270 

Average balance outstanding 

1,539,694 

2,066,116 

2,314,248 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) as a percentage of average loans 

0.00 

0.01 

0.10 

Residential real estate 

Net charge-offs / (recoveries) 

(90) 

(258) 

775 

Average balance outstanding 

1,903,157 

1,661,138 

1,845,561 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) as a percentage of average loans 

(0.00) 

(0.02) 

0.04 

Home equity 

Net charge-offs / (recoveries) 

16 

(136) 

468 

Average balance outstanding 

605,892 

623,796 

647,395 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) as a percentage of average loans 

0.00 

(0.02) 

0.07 

Consumer 

Net charge-offs / (recoveries) 

654 

484 

2,041 

Average balance outstanding 

291,379 

286,717 

341,829 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) as a percentage of average loans 

0.22 

0.17 

0.60 

Loans held for sale 

Net charge-offs / (recoveries) 

Average balance outstanding 

15,104 

77,186 

84,099 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) as a percentage of average loans 

Deposit Account Overdrafts 

Net charge-offs / (recoveries) 

1,268 

1,113 

585 

Total loans 

Net charge-offs / (recoveries) 

1,624 

1,728 

7,049 

Average balance outstanding 

10,083,925 

10,380,605 

10,874,763 

Net charge-offs (recoveries) as a percentage of average loans 

0.02 

0.02 

0.06 

ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
 On January 1, 2020, Wesbanco adopted CECL, which resulted in a 41.4 million increase to the allowance for credit losses. Of the 41.4 million, 38.4 million related to the loan portfolio and 3.0 million related to loan commitments. The effect on retained earnings (tax-effected) was 26.6 million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total allowance for credit losses loans and commitments was 126.2 million, of which 117.8 million relates to loans and 8.4 million relates to loan commitments. The allowance for credit losses loans was 1.10 of total portfolio loans as of December 31, 2022, compared to 1.25 as of December 31, 2021. Excluding PPP loans of 8.1 million and 162.7 million, the allowance for credit losses loans was 1.10 and 1.27 of total portfolio loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. There is no allowance on PPP loans due to their government guarantee by the SBA. 
 The allowance for credit losses - loans individually-evaluated decreased 6.2 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 due to an individually-evaluated loan analysis completed on certain classified hotel loans. The allowance for credit losses-loans collectively-evaluated increased from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 by 2.3 million. 
 The allowance for credit losses - loan commitments was 8.4 million at December 31, 2022 as compared to 7.8 million as of December 31, 2021, and is included in other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 57 

The allowance for credit losses by loan category, presented in Note 4, Loans and the Allowance for Credit Losses of the Consolidated Financial Statements, summarizes the impact of changes in various factors that affect the allowance for credit losses in each segment of the portfolio. The allowance for credit losses under CECL is calculated utilizing the PD/LGD, which is then discounted to net present value. PD is the probability the asset will default within a given time frame and LGD is the percentage of the asset not expected to be collected due to default. The primary macroeconomic drivers of the quantitative model include forecasts of national unemployment and interest rates, as well as modeling adjustments for changes in prepayment speeds, loan risk grades, portfolio mix, concentrations and loan growth. For the calculation as of December 31, 2022, the forecast was based upon a blend of three nationally-recognized published economic forecasts through December 31, 2022, and is primarily driven by national unemployment and interest rate spread forecasts. Wesbanco s blended forecast of national unemployment, at year end, was projected to be 4.3 , and subsequently increase to an average of 4.8 over the 2023 forecast period. The calculation utilized an immediate reversion period back to the Company s historical loss rate by loan classification. Included in the qualitative factors were deferred interest on modified loans, office space concentration and rising interest rates. The included qualitative factors address credit risk not covered by the traditional allowance process. 
 If forecasted projections of national unemployment remain consistent with the forecast utilized by Wesbanco as of December 31, 2022 throughout next year, this may result in less significant future quarterly fluctuations in the allowance for credit losses, assuming other model variables remain relatively constant. 
 Environmental risks have the potential to negatively impact an organization's assets, earnings, and reputation. Specifically, climate risks have the potential to significantly impact the bank and its customers. Climate-related risks are divided into two major categories: (1) risks related to the transition to a low-carbon economy, which may entail extensive policy, legal, technology and market changes, and (2) risks related to the physical impacts of climate change, driven by extreme weather events, such as hurricanes and floods, as well as chronic longer-term shifts, such as temperature increases and sea level rises. These changes and events can have broad impacts on operations, supply chains, distribution networks, customers, and markets. The financial impacts can lead to amplified credit risk, and diminish borrowers repayment capacity or collateral values. 
 We are in the process of enhancing our climate and environmental, social and corporate governance ESG risk considerations into our risk framework and risk management programs established for strategic, credit, market, compliance, operational and reputational risks. The potential of climate risk is monitored through our risk identification process. Once identified, climate risks are assessed for potential impacts on us and our customers. Furthermore, the identified climate risk will then be considered as part of our macroeconomic scenarios and loss forecasts within our CECL allowance models. These future enhancements to our risk framework are in development and will continue to be refined as new climate trends and risks arise. 
 58 

Table 19 summarizes the allowance together with selected relationships of the allowance and provision for credit losses to total loans and certain categories of loans. 
 TABLE 19. ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 

December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Balance at beginning of year: 

Allowance for credit losses - loans 

121,622 

185,827 

52,429 

Allowance for credit losses - loan commitments 

7,775 

9,514 

874 

Total beginning allowance for credit losses - loans and loan commitments 

129,397 

195,341 

53,303 

Impact of adopting ASC 326 

41,442 

Provision for credit losses: 

Provision for loan losses 

(2,208) 

(62,477) 

101,960 

Provision for loan commitments 

593 

(1,739) 

5,685 

Total provision for credit losses - loans and loan commitments 

(1,615) 

(64,216) 

107,645 

Net charge-offs: 

Total charge-offs 

(7,892) 

(10,136) 

(12,535) 

Total recoveries 

6,268 

8,408 

5,486 

Net charge-offs 

(1,624) 

(1,728) 

(7,049) 

Balance at end of year: 

Allowance for credit losses - loans 

117,790 

121,622 

185,827 

Allowance for credit losses - loan commitments 

8,368 

7,775 

9,514 

Total ending allowance for credit losses - loans and loan commitments 

126,158 

129,397 

195,341 

Allowance for credit losses - loans as a percentage of total portfolio loans 

1.10 

1.25 

1.72 

Allowance for credit losses - loans to non-accrual loans 
 
 3.08x 

3.40x 

5.04x 

Allowance for credit losses - loans to total non-performing loans 
 
 2.84x 

3.08x 

4.55x 

Allowance for credit losses - loans to total non-performing loans and loans past due 90 days or more 
 
 2.51x 

2.57x 

3.74x 

The allowance consists of specific reserves for certain individually-evaluated loans, if any, and a general reserve for all other loans. Commercial loans, including CRE and C I, that have other unique characteristics are tested individually for potential credit losses. Specific reserves are established when appropriate for such loans based on the net present value of expected future cash flows of the loan or the estimated realizable value of the collateral, if any. The evaluation also considers qualitative factors such as economic trends and conditions, which includes levels of regional unemployment, real estate values and the impact on specific industries and geographical markets, changes in lending policies and underwriting standards, delinquency and other credit quality trends, concentrations of credit risk, if any, the results of internal loan reviews and examinations by bank regulatory agencies pertaining to the allowance for credit losses. The allowance for collectively-evaluated loans is comprised of factors based on both historical loss experience and other qualitative factors. The allowance for collectively-evaluated loans increased 2.3 million or 2.0 from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 due to changes in macroeconomic factors, changes in portfolio mix and changes in both quantitative and qualitative adjustments. The allowance for individually-evaluated loans was 3.1 million at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 6.2 million from December 31, 2021 as the balance of hospitality loans individually-evaluated decreased during 2022 from 29.4 million to 13.9 million. The allowance for loan commitments increased 0.6 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. 
 
 59 

Table 20 summarizes the allocation of the allowance for credit losses to each category of loans. 
 TABLE 20. ALLOCATION OF THE ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Allowance Amount 
 
 of Loans or Commitments to Total Portfolio Loans or Commitments 

Allowance Amount 
 
 of Loans or Commitments to Total Portfolio Loans or Commitments 

Allowance for credit losses - loans: 

Commercial real estate land and construction 

6,737 

8.8 

7,310 

8.6 

Commercial real estate improved property 

52,659 

47.8 

65,355 

48.4 

Commercial and industrial 

31,540 

14.8 

26,875 

16.3 

Residential real estate 

18,208 

20.0 

15,401 

17.7 

Home equity lines of credit 

4,234 

6.5 

724 

6.2 

Consumer 

3,127 

2.1 

3,737 

2.8 

Deposit account overdrafts 

1,285 

2,220 

Total allowance for credit losses - loans 

117,790 

100.0 

121,622 

100.0 

Allowance for credit losses - loan commitments: 

Commercial real estate land and construction 

6,025 

25.7 

4,180 

17.5 

Commercial real estate improved property 

5.0 

201 

8.7 

Commercial and industrial 

31.9 

1,497 

36.8 

Residential real estate 

2,215 

8.5 

1,576 

10.0 

Home equity lines of credit 

128 

28.0 

49 

25.2 

Consumer 

0.9 

272 

1.8 

Total allowance for credit losses - loan commitments 

8,368 

100.0 

7,775 

100.0 

Total allowance for credit losses 

126,158 

129,397 

Please refer to Note 4, Loans and the Allowance for Credit Losses, of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of changes in the allowance for credit losses applicable to each category of loans. Changes in the allowance for all categories of loans also reflect the net effect of changes in historical loss rates, loan balances, specific reserves and management s judgment with respect to the impact of qualitative factors on each category of loans. A decrease in the allowance for a particular loan category generally reflects either lower loan balances, historical loss rate changes or reductions in non-performing and/or classified commercial loans. Although the allowance for credit losses is allocated as described in Table 20, the total allowance is available to absorb losses in any category of loans. However, differences between management s estimation of expected future losses and actual incurred losses in subsequent periods may necessitate future adjustments to the provision for credit losses. Management believes the allowance for credit losses is appropriate to absorb expected future losses at December 31, 2022. 
 DEPOSITS 
 TABLE 21. DEPOSITS 

December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

Deposits 

Non-interest bearing demand 

4,700,438 

4,590,895 

109,543 

2.4 

Interest bearing demand 

3,119,807 

3,380,056 

(260,249) 
 
 (7.7) 

Money market 

1,684,023 

1,739,750 

(55,727) 
 
 (3.2) 

Savings deposits 

2,741,004 

2,562,510 

178,494 

7.0 

Certificates of deposit 

885,818 

1,292,652 

(406,834) 
 
 (31.5) 

Total deposits 

13,131,090 

13,565,863 

(434,773) 
 
 (3.2) 

Deposits, which represent Wesbanco s primary source of funds, are offered in various account forms at various rates through Wesbanco s 194 financial centers, as of December 31, 2022, in West Virginia, Ohio, western Pennsylvania, Maryland, Kentucky, and southern Indiana. The FDIC insures all deposits up to 250,000 per account. 
 
 Total deposits decreased by 434.8 million or 3.2 in 2022 primarily reflecting the impact of inflationary pressures and rising costs across the economy. Savings deposits and non-interest bearing demand deposits increased 7.0 and 2.4 , respectively, while interest bearing demand 
 60 

and money market deposits decreased 7.7 and 3.2 , respectively. Deposit balances were also somewhat impacted by bonus and royalty payments from Marcellus and Utica shale energy companies in Wesbanco s southwestern Pennsylvania, eastern Ohio and northern West Virginia markets totaling 96.7 million and 68.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Money market deposits were influenced through Wesbanco s increased participation in the Insured Cash Sweep (ICS money market deposits program. ICS reciprocal balances totaled 580.6 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 641.1 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Certificates of deposit decreased 406.8 million, primarily due to an overall corporate strategy designed to increase and remix retail deposit relationships and reduce single-service customers with a focus on overall products that can be offered at a lower cost to Wesbanco. The decrease was also impacted by lower offered rates on certain maturing certificates of deposit and customer preferences for other non-maturity deposit types. Wesbanco does not generally solicit brokered or other deposits out-of-market or over the internet, but does participate in the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Services CDARS program. CDARS balances totaled 21.0 million in outstanding balances at December 31, 2022, none of which represented one-way buys, compared to 45.9 million in total outstanding balances at December 31, 2021, of which 0.4 million represented one-way buys. Certificates of deposit greater than 250,000 were approximately 133.9 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 313.2 million at December 31, 2021. Certificates of deposit of 100,000 or more were approximately 373.5 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 666.2 million at December 31, 2021. Certificates of deposit totaling approximately 556.4 million at December 31, 2022 with a cost of 0.41 are scheduled to mature within the next year. The average rate on certificates of deposit decreased 15 basis points from 0.52 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 0.37 in 2022, with a similar decrease experienced for jumbo certificates of deposit. Wesbanco will continue to focus on its core deposit strategies and improving its overall mix of transaction accounts to total deposits, which includes offering special promotions on certain certificates of deposit maturities and savings products based on competition, sales strategies, liquidity needs and wholesale borrowing costs. 
 TABLE 22. UNINSURED DEPOSITS 

December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Portion of certificates of deposit in excess of FDIC insurance limits 

133,875 

198,958 

(65,083) 

(32.7) 

Certificates of deposit otherwise uninsured with a maturity of: 

Three months or less 

35,522 

65,024 

(29,502) 

(45.4) 

Over three through six months 

27,251 

63,193 

(35,942) 

(56.9) 

Over six through twelve months 

38,437 

20,620 

17,817 

86.4 

Over twelve months 

32,665 

50,121 

(17,456) 

(34.8) 

Total uninsured certificates of deposit 

133,875 

198,958 

(65,083) 

(32.7) 

Total uninsured deposits 

4,390,789 

4,439,779 

(48,990) 

(1.1) 

BORROWINGS 
 TABLE 23. BORROWINGS 

December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Federal Home Loan Bank Borrowings 

705,000 

183,920 

521,080 

283.3 

Other short-term borrowings 

135,069 

141,893 

(6,824) 

(4.8) 

Subordinated debt and junior subordinated debt 

281,404 

132,860 

148,544 

111.8 

Total 

1,121,473 

458,673 

662,800 

144.5 

Borrowings are a significant source of funding for Wesbanco in addition to deposits. During 2022, FHLB borrowings increased 521.1 million from December 31, 2021, as 1.2 billion in advances were partially offset by 629.0 million in maturities and other principal paydowns from available liquidity. The average cost in 2022 of maturing and paid-off FHLB borrowings was 3.57 , compared to the average cost of 4.35 for new borrowings in 2022. 
 61 

Wesbanco is a member of the FHLB system. The FHLB system functions as a borrowing source for regulated financial institutions that are engaged in residential and commercial real estate lending along with securities investing. Wesbanco uses term FHLB borrowings as a general funding source and to more appropriately match interest maturities for certain assets. FHLB borrowings are secured by blanket liens on certain residential and other mortgage loans with a market value in excess of the outstanding borrowing balances. The terms of the security agreement with the FHLB include a specific assignment of collateral that requires the maintenance of qualifying mortgage and other types of loans as pledged collateral with unpaid principal amounts in excess of the FHLB advances, when discounted at certain pre-established percentages of the loans unpaid balances. FHLB stock, which is recorded at cost of 36.2 million at December 31, 2022, is also pledged as collateral for these advances. Wesbanco s remaining maximum borrowing capacity, subject to the collateral requirements noted, with the FHLB at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was estimated to be approximately 3.6 billion and 3.8 billion, respectively. 
 Other short-term borrowings, which may consist of federal funds purchased, callable repurchase agreements, overnight sweep checking accounts and borrowings on a revolving line of credit, decreased 6.8 million to 135.1 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 141.9 million at December 31, 2021 due to moving certain customer relationships to interest-bearing demand deposits. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no outstanding federal funds purchased. 
 In August 2022, Wesbanco renewed a revolving line of credit, which is a senior obligation of the parent company, with another financial institution. The revolving line of credit, which accrues interest at an adjusted SOFR rate, provides for aggregate unsecured borrowings of up to 30.0 million. The new revolving line of credit also requires Wesbanco to maintain at all times a consolidated four quarter average return on average assets of > 0.50 , a Texas ratio of less than 25 (broadly defined as the ratio of non-performing assets to tangible common equity and the allowance for loan losses), unencumbered cash and marketable securities of at least 12.0 million, and the maintenance at all times on a consolidated basis and for the Bank a total risk-based capital ratio of > 12.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of > 10.0 and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of > 7.0 . Wesbanco was in compliance with all terms and conditions at December 31, 2022. There was no outstanding balance on the line as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 In March of 2022, Wesbanco completed the issuance of 150.0 million in aggregate principal amount of subordinated debentures. The subordinated debentures have a fixed rate of 3.75 for the first five years and a floating rate for the next five years at Three Month SOFR plus a spread of 1.787 . 
 CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Shareholders equity decreased from 2.7 billion at December 31, 2021 to 2.4 billion at December 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily the result of the repurchase of common shares net of restricted stock vesting activity totaling 119.1 million, the declaration of common and preferred shareholder dividends totaling 81.3 million and 10.1 million, respectively, and a 257.3 million other comprehensive income loss. This loss consisted of a 257.2 million unrealized loss in the securities portfolio and a 0.1 million loss in the defined benefits pension plan and other postretirement benefits for the year ended December 31, 2022. Shareholders' equity was positively impacted by net income of 192.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 For 2022, common dividends increased to 1.37 per share, or 3.8 on an annualized basis, compared to 1.32 per share in 2021. The common dividend per share payout ratio increased to 53.6 in 2022 from 37.4 in 2021, which is primarily attributable to a decrease in earnings year-over-year. A board-approved policy generally targets dividends as a percent of net income in a range of 40 to 75 , subject to capital levels, earnings history and prospects, regulatory concerns, and other factors. 
 Wesbanco purchased 3,407,016 shares of its common stock on the open market at a total cost of 119.1 million or 34.96 per share during the year under current share repurchase authorizations. On February 24, 2022, Wesbanco's Board of Directors authorized the adoption of a new stock repurchase plan for the purchase of up to 3.2 million shares, which was in addition to the prior plans that were utilized during the year. At December 31, 2022, the remaining shares authorized to be purchased under the last approved repurchase plan totaled 1,184,351 shares. 
 Wesbanco is subject to risk-based capital guidelines that measure capital relative to risk-weighted assets and off-balance sheet instruments. Wesbanco and its banking subsidiary Wesbanco Bank maintain Tier 1 risk-based, Total risk-based and Tier 1 leverage capital ratios significantly above minimum regulatory levels. The Bank paid 172.5 million in dividends to Wesbanco during 2022, or 85 of the Bank s net income. There are various legal limitations under federal and state laws that limit the payment of dividends from the Bank to the parent company. As of December 31, 2022, under FDIC and State of West Virginia regulations, Wesbanco could receive, without prior regulatory approval, dividends of approximately 116.8 million from the Bank. The Bank s policy is generally to declare dividends up to 90 of its earnings to the parent annually, subject to change, with Board approval. 
 Wesbanco currently has 281.4 million in subordinated debt and junior subordinated debt on its Consolidated Balance Sheet. For regulatory purposes, the junior subordinated debt and trust preferred securities totaling 130.0 million, issued by unconsolidated trust subsidiaries of Wesbanco underlying such junior subordinated debt, are accounted for as Tier 2 capital in accordance with current regulatory reporting requirements. Subordinated debt totaling 60.0 million acquired from YCB and OLBK in 2016 and 2019, respectively, was redeemed late in 2021. The YCB notes were considered Tier 2 regulatory capital for Wesbanco and Wesbanco Bank, as they were initially issued by the Bank, while the OLBK notes were considered Tier 2 regulatory capital for Wesbanco. In March of 2022, Wesbanco completed the issuance of 150.0 million in aggregate principal amount of subordinated debentures. 
 62 

Please refer to Note 21, Regulatory Matters, of the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on capital amounts, ratios and minimum regulatory requirements. Also refer to Item 1. Business within this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Basel III Capital Standards. 
 LIQUIDITY RISK 
 Liquidity is defined as a financial institution s capacity to meet its cash and collateral obligations at a reasonable cost. Liquidity risk is the risk that an institution s financial condition or overall safety and soundness is adversely affected by an inability, or perceived inability, to meet its obligations. An institution s obligations, and the funding sources to meet them, depend significantly on its business mix, balance sheet structure, and the cash flows of its on- and off-balance sheet obligations. Institutions confront various internal and external situations that can give rise to increased liquidity risk including funding mismatches, market constraints on funding sources, contingent liquidity events, changes in economic conditions, and exposure to credit, market, operation, legal and reputation risk. Wesbanco actively manages liquidity risk through its ability to provide adequate funds to meet changes in loan demand, unexpected outflows in deposits and other borrowings as well as to take advantage of market opportunities and meet operating cash needs. This is accomplished by maintaining liquid assets in the form of securities, sufficient borrowing capacity and a stable core deposit base. Liquidity is centrally monitored by Wesbanco s ALCO. 
 Wesbanco determines the degree of required liquidity by the relationship of total holdings of liquid assets to the possible need for funds to meet unexpected deposit losses and/or loan demands. The ability to quickly convert assets to cash at a minimal loss is a primary function of Wesbanco s investment portfolio management. Wesbanco believes its cash flow from the loan portfolio, the investment portfolio, and other sources adequately meet its liquidity requirements. Wesbanco s net loans-to-assets ratio was 62.5 and deposit balances funded 77.6 of total assets at December 31, 2022. 
 The following table lists the sources of liquidity from assets at December 31, 2022 expected within the next year: 

(in thousands) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

408,411 

Securities with a maturity date within the next year and callable securities 

245,067 

Projected payments and prepayments on mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations (1) 

300,585 

Loans held for sale 

8,249 

Accruing loans scheduled to mature 

968,414 

Normal loan repayments 

1,175,469 

Total sources of liquidity expected within the next year 

3,106,195 

(1) Projected prepayments are based on current prepayment speeds. 
 Deposit flows are another principal factor affecting overall Wesbanco liquidity. Deposits totaled 13.1 billion at December 31, 2022. Deposit flows are impacted by current interest rates, products and rates offered by Wesbanco versus various forms of competition, as well as customer behavior. Certificates of deposit scheduled to mature within one year totaled 556.4 million at December 31, 2022, which includes jumbo regular certificates of deposit totaling 237.2 million with a weighted-average cost of 0.56 , and jumbo CDARS deposits of 16.0 million with a weighted-average cost of 0.80 . 
 Wesbanco maintains a line of credit with the FHLB as an additional funding source. Available credit with the FHLB at December 31, 2022 approximated 3.6 billion, compared to 3.8 billion at December 31, 2021. The FHLB requires securities to be specifically pledged to the FHLB and maintained in a FHLB-approved custodial arrangement if the member wishes to include such securities in the maximum borrowing capacity calculation. Wesbanco has elected not to specifically pledge to the FHLB otherwise unpledged securities. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had unpledged available-for-sale securities with an amortized cost of 535.2 million. A portion of these securities could be sold for additional liquidity, or such securities could be pledged to secure additional FHLB borrowings. Available liquidity through the sale of investment securities is somewhat limited due to the pledging agreements that Wesbanco has with their public deposit customers, as approximately 19.0 of the current available-for-sale portfolio balance is unpledged. Public deposit balances have increased significantly through the several acquisitions made since 2015, to a total of 1.5 billion at December 31, 2022. Wesbanco s held-to-maturity portfolio currently contains 1.2 billion of unpledged securities. Most of these securities are tax-exempt municipal securities, which can only be pledged in limited circumstances in certain states. In addition, except for certain limited, special circumstances, these securities cannot be sold without tainting the remainder of the held-to-maturity portfolio. If tainting occurs, all remaining securities with the held-to-maturity designation would be required to be reclassified as available-for-sale, and the held-to-maturity designation would not be available to utilize for some time. 
 Wesbanco participates in the Federal Reserve Bank s Borrower-in-Custody Program BIC ), whereby Wesbanco pledges certain consumer loans as collateral for borrowings. Wesbanco did not have any BIC borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2022. Alternative funding sources may include the utilization of existing overnight lines of credit with third-party banks totaling 235.0 million, none of which was outstanding at December 31, 2022, along with seeking other lines of credit, borrowings under repurchase agreement lines, increasing deposit rates to attract additional funds, accessing brokered deposits, or selling securities available-for-sale or certain types of loans. 
 63 

Other short-term borrowings of 135.1 million at December 31, 2022 consisted of callable repurchase agreements and overnight sweep checking accounts for commercial customers. The overnight sweep checking accounts require U.S. Government securities to be pledged equal to or greater than the average deposit balance in the related customer accounts. 
 The principal sources of parent company liquidity are dividends from the Bank, 272.2 million in cash on hand, and a 30.0 million revolving line of credit with another bank, which did not have an outstanding balance at December 31, 2022. Wesbanco is in compliance with all loan covenants. There are various legal limitations under federal and state laws that limit the payment of dividends from the Bank to the parent company. As of December 31, 2021, under FDIC and State of West Virginia regulations, Wesbanco could receive, without prior regulatory approval, dividends of approximately 116.8 million from the Bank. Management believes these are appropriate levels of cash for Wesbanco given the current environment and projected sources and uses of cash. Management continuously monitors the adequacy of parent company cash levels and sources of liquidity through the use of metrics that relate current cash levels to historical and forecasted cash inflows and outflows. 
 Wesbanco had outstanding commitments to extend credit in the ordinary course of business approximating 4.6 billion and 3.8 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On a historical basis, only a portion of these commitments will result in an outflow of funds. Please refer to Note 18, Commitments and Contingent Liabilities, of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Loans and Loan Commitments section of this MD A for additional information. 
 Federal financial regulatory agencies previously have issued guidance to provide for sound practices for managing funding and liquidity risk and strengthening liquidity risk management practices. Wesbanco maintains a comprehensive management process for identifying, measuring, monitoring, and controlling liquidity risk, which is fully integrated into its risk management process. Management believes Wesbanco has sufficient current liquidity to meet current obligations to borrowers, depositors and others as of December 31, 2022 and that Wesbanco s current liquidity risk management policies and procedures adequately address this guidance. 
 
 LIBOR TRANSITION 
 
 LIBOR is a widely used short-term reference interest rate benchmark for variable rate loans and securities, borrowings, and interest rate hedge/swap transactions. In July 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority FCA announced the discontinuation of LIBOR after certain banks provided purported interest rate figures which did not truly reflect the rate at which they could borrow. In addition to FCA, as early as 2014, financial institution regulators and the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council FFIEC began to work to develop a uniform approach to the phase-out of LIBOR because the continued reliance on LIBOR could present systematic risk to financial institutions. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York convened the Alternative Reference Rates Committee AARC to identify alternative reference rates to LIBOR. The AARC released consultations on contractual fallback language to prepare for the transition away for LIBOR and on June 22, 2017, identified SOFR as the recommended alternative to LIBOR. 
 On July 1, 2020, the FFIEC issued a Joint Statement on Managing the LIBOR Transition to further explain that new financial contracts should either utilize a reference rate other than LIBOR or have robust fallback language that defines an alternative reference rate after LIBOR s discontinuation. The FFIEC statement encouraged supervised financial institutions to continue their efforts to prepare for the change and address the risks associated with the LIBOR transition. 
 On November 6, 2020, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (collectively, the Agencies issued a statement providing that a financial institution may use any reference rate for its loans that the financial institution determines to be appropriate for its funding model and customer needs. 
 Thereafter, on November 30, 2020, the Agencies issued an additional joint statement encouraging financial institutions to continue to transition away from LIBOR as soon as practicable, but no later than December 31, 2021. Given the risks associated with the use of LIBOR, the Agencies stated that entering into new contracts that use LIBOR as a reference rate after December 31, 2021, would create safety and soundness risks. 
 On March 5, 2021, the U.K. FCA and Intercontinental Exchange ICE Benchmark Administration announced that the publication of the overnight, as well as, the one, three, six, and twelve month LIBOR rates will continue through June 30, 2023, which will provide additional time to wind down or renegotiate existing contracts that reference LIBOR. 
 On October 20, 2021, the Agencies with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, National Credit Union Administration, and State Bank and Credit Union Regulators, issued an additional Joint Statement on Managing the LIBOR Transition to once again emphasize the expectation that supervised institutions with LIBOR exposure continue to progress toward an orderly transition away from LIBOR. The statement confirmed that entering into new contracts, including derivatives that use LIBOR as a reference rate after December 31, 2021, would create safety and soundness risks, including litigation, operational, and consumer protection risks. 
 On March 15, 2022, President Biden signed the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act into law (the LIBOR Act ). The LIBOR Act provides a clear and uniform federal solution for transitioning legacy contracts that either lack or contain insufficient contractual provisions addressing the permanent cessation of LIBOR by providing for the transition from LIBOR to a replacement rate and avoiding related litigation. 
 64 

On December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve Board adopted a final rule that implements the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act by identifying benchmark rates based on SOFR that will replace LIBOR in certain financial contracts after June 30, 2023. The final rule is substantially similar to the proposal with certain clarifying changes made in response to comments. 
 For a LIBOR contract that is a derivative transaction, the Fallback Rate (SOFR) as defined in the 2020 IBOR Fallbacks Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA protocol), which incorporates the statutorily prescribed tenor spread adjustment. 

For a LIBOR contract that is an FHFA-regulated-entity contract: 

o For Federal Home Loan Bank advances, the Fallback Rate (SOFR) as defined in the ISDA protocol; and 

o For all other FHFA-regulated-entity contracts, SOFR (in place of overnight LIBOR) or 30-day compounded average SOFR published by FRBNY 30-day Average SOFR, in place of one-, three-, six-, or 12-month LIBOR), plus the applicable statutorily prescribed tenor spread adjustment. 

For a LIBOR contract that is a FFELP ABS, either (i) 30-day Average SOFR (for one-, six-, and 12-month LIBOR) or (ii) 90-day compounded average SOFR published by FRBNY (for three-month LIBOR), plus the applicable statutorily prescribed tenor spread adjustment. 

For all other LIBOR contracts, including consumer loans, SOFR (in place of overnight LIBOR) or term SOFR published by CME Group Benchmark Administration, Ltd. (in place of one-, three-, six-, or 12-month LIBOR), plus the statutorily prescribed tenor spread adjustment. 

As early as 2018, in anticipation of the potential discontinuance of LIBOR, Wesbanco established a LIBOR transition committee to effectively manage the Company s transition away from LIBOR in two phases. The first phase included adding additional fallback language to loan documents to allow Wesbanco to replace LIBOR with an equivalent rate index plus the margin to ensure the resulting interest rate is the same as it previously was using LIBOR. Also, as part of the first phase, Wesbanco began quoting to the Treasury Rate published by the Federal Reserve Board instead of the ICE LIBOR Swap Index (which is tied to LIBOR) when repricing certain term loans and originating new loans. The second phase consists of working to continue to transition existing adjustable-rate loans that fluctuate monthly or periodically that are tied to LIBOR or the ICE LIBOR Swap Index. Wesbanco is tracking the dollar amount and number of loans tied to LIBOR or the ICE LIBOR Swap Index, monitoring current industry trends, and working with legal counsel to ensure the smooth transition away from LIBOR. As of December 31, 2022, Wesbanco had a total of 1.3 billion in loans tied to either LIBOR or the ICE LIBOR Swap index, of which 1.2 billion have a maturity date after June 30, 2023. As referenced above, the U.K. FCA and ICE Benchmark Administration has extended the date of publication of certain tenors of LIBOR through June 30, 2023, giving existing LIBOR based contracts time to mature. However, in compliance with and based upon the Agencies Joint Statements referenced above, Wesbanco has not offered LIBOR for new contracts after December 31, 2021. Accordingly, Wesbanco has initially chosen the 1M Term SOFR, which is published by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, as an alternative replacement rate for LIBOR. Wesbanco may also continue to utilize the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate, the Treasury Rates, and other indexes as part of its lending program. At a date in the future, prior to the cessation of the publication of the one month LIBOR, Wesbanco will transition all remaining LIBOR based loans to the replacement index after notification to the impacted borrowers. This transition will be aided by the passage of the LIBOR Act. With respect to its back-to-back swap program, Wesbanco worked with its swap counterparty customers to institute and accept the International Swaps and Derivatives Association 2020 Interbank Offered Rate Fallbacks Protocol to address LIBOR cessation in swap transactions. Moreover, Wesbanco chose 1M Term SOFR as its replacement index for new loans in the bank s back-to-back swap program, beginning on January 1, 2022. 
 65 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATI VE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The disclosures set forth in this item are qualified by the section captioned Forward-Looking Statements included in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this report. 
 MARKET RISK 
 The primary objective of Wesbanco s ALCO is to maximize net interest income within established policy parameters. This objective is accomplished through the management of balance sheet composition, market risk exposures arising from changing economic conditions and liquidity risk. 
 Market risk is defined as the risk of loss due to adverse changes in the fair value of financial instruments resulting from fluctuations in interest rates and bond prices. Management considers interest rate risk to be Wesbanco s most significant market risk. Interest rate risk is the exposure to adverse changes in net interest income due to changes in interest rates. The consistency of Wesbanco s net interest income is largely dependent on effective management of interest rate risk. As interest rates change in the market, rates earned on interest rate-sensitive assets and rates paid on interest rate-sensitive liabilities do not necessarily move concurrently. Differing rate sensitivities may arise because fixed rate assets and liabilities may not have the same maturities, or because variable rate assets and liabilities differ in the timing and/or the percentage of rate changes. 
 Wesbanco s ALCO is an executive management committee with Board representation, responsible for monitoring and managing interest rate risk within approved policy limits, utilizing earnings sensitivity simulation and economic value-at-risk models. These models are highly dependent on various assumptions, which change regularly as the balance sheet and market interest rates change. The key assumptions and strategies employed are analyzed, reviewed and documented at least quarterly by the ALCO. 
 The earnings sensitivity simulation model projects changes in net interest income resulting from the effects of changes in interest rates. Forecasting changes in net interest income requires management to make certain assumptions regarding loan and security prepayment rates, call dates, changes to deposit product betas and non-maturity deposit decay rates, which may not necessarily reflect the manner in which actual cash flows, yields, and costs respond to changes in market interest rates. Assumptions are based on internally-developed models derived from Bank- specific data, current market rates and economic forecasts, and are internally back-tested and periodically reviewed by a third-party consultant. The net interest income sensitivity results presented in Table 1, Net Interest Income Sensitivity, assumes that the balance sheet composition of interest sensitive assets and liabilities existing at the end of the period remains constant over the period being measured and also assumes that a particular change in interest rates is reflected uniformly across the yield curve, regardless of the duration of the maturity or re-pricing of specific assets and liabilities. Since the assumptions used in the model relative to changes in interest rates are uncertain, the simulation analysis may not be indicative of actual results. In addition, this analysis does not consider actions that management might employ in response to changes in interest rates, as well as changes in earning asset and costing liability balances. 
 Interest rate risk policy limits are determined by measuring the anticipated change in net interest income over a twelve-month period, assuming immediate and sustained market interest rate increases and decreases of 100 - 300 basis points across the entire yield curve, as compared to a stable rate environment or base model. Wesbanco s current policy limits this exposure for the noted interest rate changes to a reduction of between 7.5 - 15 , or less, of net interest income from the stable rate base model over a twelve-month period. The table below indicates Wesbanco s interest rate sensitivity at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, assuming the above-noted interest rate changes, as compared to a base model. The 100 300 basis points decreasing changes for December 31, 2021 are not shown due to the unrealistic and/or negative yield nature of the results. 
 
 TABLE 1. NET INTEREST INCOME SENSITIVITY 

Immediate Change in Interest 
 
 Percentage Change in Net Interest Income from Base over One Year 
 
 ALCO 

Rates (basis points) 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Guidelines 

+200 
 
 5.6 
 
 11.7 
 
 (10.0 

+100 
 
 2.8 
 
 6.0 
 
 (7.5 

-100 
 
 (4.4 
 
 N/A 
 
 (7.5 

-200 
 
 (9.8 
 
 N/A 
 
 (10.0 

-300 
 
 (15.6 
 
 N/A 
 
 (15.0 

66 

Adjustments to relative sensitivities are due to the impact of the current lower rate and yield curve environment on base case net interest income and the related calculation of parallel rate shock changes in rising and falling rate scenarios. Additional differences typically result from changes in the various earning assets and costing liabilities mix and growth rates, as well as adjustments for various modeling assumptions. Generally, deposit betas utilized in modeling are estimated at more conservative percentages for both up and down rate scenarios than has been the Bank s historical experience, as a result of both competitive factors in our markets and as public funds and institutional contract terms are renewed. Deposit betas, decay rates and loan prepayment speeds are adjusted periodically in our models for non-maturity deposits and loans. Indicated model asset sensitivity in rising rate scenarios may be less than anticipated due to slower prepayment speeds, rate floors, below forecast loan yields, spread compression between new asset yields and funding costs, customer requests for negotiated rates, mortgage-related extension risk and other factors. In a decreasing rate environment, asset sensitivity may have greater impact on the margin than currently modeled as prepayment speeds increase, customers refinance or request rate reductions on existing loans, estimated deposit betas do not perform as modeled, or for other reasons. 
 In addition to the aforementioned parallel rate shock earnings sensitivity simulation model, the ALCO also reviews a dynamic forecast scenario to project net interest income over a rolling two-year time period. This forecast is updated at least quarterly, incorporating revisions and updated assumptions into the model for estimated loan and deposit growth, expected balance sheet re-mixing strategies, changes in forecasted rates for various maturities, competitive market spreads for various products and other assumptions. Such modeling is directionally consistent with typical parallel rate shock scenarios, and it assists in predicting changes in forecasted outcomes and potential adjustments to management plans to assist in achieving earnings goals. 
 Wesbanco also periodically measures the economic value of equity EVE ), which is defined as the market value of tangible equity in various rate scenarios. Generally, changes in the economic value of equity relate to changes in various assets and liabilities, changes in the yield curve, as well as changes in loan prepayment speeds and deposit decay rates. The following table presents these results and Wesbanco s policy limits as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Changes in EVE sensitivity since year-end 2021 relate to the change in market interest rates and their impact upon the fair values of earning assets and costing liabilities: 

Immediate Change in Interest 
 
 Percentage Change in Economic Value of Equity from Base over One Year 
 
 ALCO 

Rates (basis points) 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Guidelines 

+200 
 
 (4.3 
 
 1.6 
 
 (20.0 

+100 
 
 (1.8 
 
 1.8 
 
 (10.0 

-100 
 
 (0.8 
 
 N/A 
 
 (10.0 

-200 
 
 (7.9 
 
 N/A 
 
 (20.0 

-300 
 
 (17.5 
 
 N/A 
 
 (30.0 

The Bank has significant additional borrowing capacity with the FHLB of Pittsburgh, the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland and various correspondent banks, and may utilize these funding sources or interest rate swap strategies as necessary to lengthen liabilities, offset mismatches in various asset maturities and manage liquidity. CDARS and ICS deposits also may be utilized for similar purposes for certain customers seeking higher-yielding instruments or maintaining deposit levels below FDIC insurance limits. Significant balance sheet strategies to assist in managing the net interest margin in the current interest rate environment include: 
 increasing total loans, particularly commercial and home equity loans that have variable or adjustable features; 

adjusting the percentage of sales of longer-term residential mortgage loan production into the secondary market; 

managing rates on interest bearing deposits and growing demand deposit account types to increase the relative portion of these account types to total deposits; 

employing back-to-back loan swaps for certain commercial loan customers desiring a term fixed rate loan equivalent, with the Bank receiving a variable rate; 

adjusting terms for FHLB short-term maturing borrowings to balance asset/liability mismatches; or paying them off with excess liquidity 

using CDARS and ICS deposit programs to manage funding needs and overall liability mix, and 

adjusting the size, mix or duration of the investment portfolio as part of liquidity and balance sheet management strategies. 

Management is aware of the significant effect that inflation or deflation has upon interest rates and ultimately upon financial performance. Wesbanco s ability to cope with inflation or deflation is best determined by analyzing its capability to respond to changing market interest rates, as well as its ability to manage the various elements of non-interest income and expense during periods of increasing or decreasing inflation or deflation. Wesbanco monitors the level and mix of interest-rate sensitive assets and liabilities through ALCO in order to reduce the impact of inflation or deflation on net interest income. Management also controls the effects of inflation or deflation by conducting periodic reviews of the prices, costs and terms of its various products and services, as well as competitive factors, by approving new products and services or adjusting the terms and availability of existing products and services. 
 
 67 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS A ND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Page 

Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 69 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 70 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 73 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 74 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 75 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity 
 76 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 77 

Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 78 

Note 2. Earnings Per Common Share 
 87 

Note 3. Securities 
 88 

Note 4. Loans and the Allowance for Credit Losses 
 92 

Note 5. Premises and Equipment 
 102 

Note 6. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 103 

Note 7. Investments in Limited Partnerships 
 104 

Note 8. Certificates of Deposit 
 104 

Note 9. FHLB and Other Short Term Borrowings 
 105 

Note 10. Subordinated Debt and Junior Subordinated Debt 
 106 

Note 11. Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 107 

Note 12. Employee Benefit Plans 
 109 

Note 13. Revenue Recognition 
 117 

Note 14. Other Operating Expenses 
 117 

Note 15. Income Taxes 
 118 

Note 16. Fair Value Measurement 
 120 

Note 17. Comprehensive Income or Loss 
 125 

Note 18. Commitments and Contingent Liabilities 
 126 

Note 19. Wesbanco Bank Community Development Corporation 
 127 

Note 20. Transactions With Related Parties 
 129 

Note 21. Regulatory Matters 
 129 

Note 22. Condensed Parent Company Financial Statements 
 130 

Note 23. Business Segments 
 132 

68 

MA NAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 The management of Wesbanco is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Wesbanco s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of Wesbanco s chief executive officer and chief financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Wesbanco s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Wesbanco s management assessed the effectiveness of Wesbanco s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Based on the assessment, management determined that, as of December 31, 2022, Wesbanco s internal control over financial reporting is effective, based on the COSO criteria. The effectiveness of Wesbanco s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, Wesbanco s independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their accompanying report appearing below. 

/s/ Todd F. Clossin 
 
 /s/ Daniel K. Weiss, Jr. 

Todd F. Clossin 
 
 Daniel K. Weiss, Jr. 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

69 

R eport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Wesbanco, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Wesbanco, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Wesbanco, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 70 

Report of Independe nt Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Wesbanco, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Wesbanco, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 

Allowance for credit losses - loans 

Description of the Matter 
 
 The Company s loan portfolio totaled 10.7 billion as of December 31, 2022 and the associated allowance for credit losses - loans (ACL) was 117.8 million. As discussed in Note 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the ACL reflects the lifetime expected credit losses on the Company s loan portfolio. The ACL is calculated utilizing the probability of default / loss given default approach to calculate the expected loss for each segment, which is then discounted to net present value. The primary macroeconomic drivers of the quantitative model includes the forecast of national unemployment and interest rate spreads. The evaluation also considers qualitative factors such as economic trends and conditions. Auditing management s ACL estimate was complex due to the subjectivity in evaluating the national unemployment (macroeconomic forecast) used by the Company in their quantitative CECL model. Management relies on information obtained from various third parties to inform their view of the macroeconomic forecast. Other internal and external indicators of economic forecasts are also considered by management when establishing the forecast for the ACL. We identified auditing the reasonableness of management s macroeconomic forecast in the ACL for loans as a critical audit matter as it involves especially subjective auditor judgment. 

71 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company s controls over the ACL process, including controls over the appropriateness of the ACL methodology, the expected loss model, the reliability and accuracy of data used in developing the ACL estimate, and management s review and approval process over their determination of the macroeconomic forecast. We tested management s expected loss model including evaluating the conceptual soundness of model methodology, assessing model performance and governance, testing key model assumptions, including the reasonable and supportable forecast, and independently recalculating model output with the assistance of EY specialists. To test management s determination of the macroeconomic forecast, we evaluated the reasonableness of the Company s macroeconomic assumptions and judgments in estimating future credit losses, including the selection of the forecasted macroeconomic assumptions and considerations of alternative forecasted macroeconomic scenarios. This included obtaining corroborative information, including employment statistics, economic reports and alternative economic forecasts, as well as performing an independent search for the existence of new or contrary information relating to independent macroeconomic forecast to validate that management s considerations are appropriate. We also verified the underlying economic forecast data used to estimate the quantitative reserve was complete and accurate. Additionally, we evaluated whether the overall ACL appropriately reflects losses expected in the loan portfolio by comparing it the Company s historical loss data and to peer bank data. We also performed analytical procedures on the ACL, including coverage ratios and comparison to prior periods as well as prior economic cycles. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1996. 

February 27, 20 23 
 72 

WESBANCO, INC. CONSOLI DATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

(in thousands, except shares) 
 
 2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Cash and due from banks, including interest bearing amounts of and , respectively 

Securities: 

Equity securities, at fair value 

Available-for-sale debt securities, at fair value 

Held-to-maturity debt securities (fair values of and , respectively) 

Allowance for credit losses, held-to-maturity debt securities 

() 

() 

Net held-to-maturity debt securities 

Total securities 

Loans held for sale 

Portfolio loans, net of unearned income 

Allowance for credit losses - loans 

() 

() 

Net portfolio loans 

Premises and equipment, net 

Accrued interest receivable 

Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 

Bank-owned life insurance 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES 

Deposits: 

Non-interest bearing demand 

Interest bearing demand 

Money market 

Savings deposits 

Certificates of deposit 

Total deposits 

Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 

Other short-term borrowings 

Subordinated debt and junior subordinated debt 

Total borrowings 

Accrued interest payable 

Other liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, no par value; shares authorized; shares 6.75 non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series A, liquidation preference , issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued; and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Capital surplus 

Retained earnings 

Treasury stock and shares at cost, respectively) 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Deferred benefits for directors 

() 

() 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 73 

WESBANCO, INC. CONSOLIDA TED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

(in thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

INTEREST AND DIVIDEND INCOME 

Loans, including fees 

Interest and dividends on securities: 

Taxable 

Tax-exempt 

Total interest and dividends on securities 

Other interest income 

Total interest and dividend income 

INTEREST EXPENSE 

Interest bearing demand deposits 

Money market deposits 

Savings deposits 

Certificates of deposit 

Total interest expense on deposits 

Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 

Other short-term borrowings 

Subordinated debt and junior subordinated debt 

Total interest expense 

NET INTEREST INCOME 

Provision for credit losses 

() 

() 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses 

NON-INTEREST INCOME 

Trust fees 

Service charges on deposits 

Electronic banking fees 

Net securities brokerage revenue 

Bank-owned life insurance 

Mortgage banking income 

Net securities (losses) gains 

() 

Net gains on other real estate owned and other assets 

Other income 

Total non-interest income 

NON-INTEREST EXPENSE 

Salaries and wages 

Employee benefits 

Net occupancy 

Equipment and software 

Marketing 

FDIC insurance 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Restructuring and merger-related expense 

Other operating expenses 

Total non-interest expense 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

NET INCOME 

Preferred stock dividends 

NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 

EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE 

Basic 

Diluted 

AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 

Basic 

Diluted 

DIVIDENDS DECLARED PER COMMON SHARE 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 74 

WESBANCO, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income 

Debt securities available-for-sale: 

Net change in unrealized (losses) gains on debt securities available-for-sale 

() 

() 

Related income tax benefit (expense) 

() 

Net securities losses (gains) reclassified into earnings 

() 

() 

Related income tax (benefit) expense 

() 

Net effect on other comprehensive income for the period 

() 

() 

Debt securities held-to-maturity: 

Amortization of unrealized gain transferred from debt securities available-for-sale 

() 

Related income tax expense 

Net effect on other comprehensive income for the period 

() 

Defined benefit plans: 

Amortization of net loss and prior service costs 

Related income tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Recognition of unrealized (loss) gain 

() 

() 

Related income tax benefit (expense) 

() 

Net effect on other comprehensive income for the period 

() 

Total other comprehensive (loss) gain 

() 

() 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 75 

WESBANCO, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT S OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

Common Stock 

(in thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 
 
 Preferred Stock Amount 

Shares Outstanding 

Amount 

Capital Surplus 

Retained Earnings 

Treasury Stock 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Gain (Loss) 

Deferred Benefits for Directors 

Total 

January 1, 2020 

() 

() 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income 

Comprehensive income 

Common dividends declared per share) 

() 

() 

Preferred dividends declared per share) 

() 

() 

Adoption of ASU 2016-13 

() 

() 

Issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs 

Treasury shares acquired 

() 

() 

() 

Stock options exercised 

() 

Restricted stock granted 

() 

Stock compensation expense 

Deferred benefits for directors net 

() 

() 

December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income 

Common dividends declared per share) 

() 

() 

Preferred dividends declared per share) 

() 

() 

Issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs 

() 

Treasury shares acquired 

() 

() 

() 

Stock options exercised 

() 

Restricted stock granted 

() 

Stock compensation expense 

Deferred benefits for directors net 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income 

() 

Common dividends declared per share) 

() 

() 

Preferred dividends declared per share) 

() 

() 

Stock issued for dividend reinvestment 

() 

Treasury shares acquired 

() 

() 

() 

Stock options exercised 

() 

Restricted stock granted 

() 

Stock compensation expense 

Deferred benefits for directors net 

() 

() 

December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 76 

WESBANCO, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization of premises and equipment 

Other net amortization (accretion) 

() 

() 

Provision for credit losses 

() 

() 

Net securities losses (gains) 

() 

() 

Mortgage banking income 

() 

() 

() 

Stock compensation expense 

Decrease (increase) in deferred income tax assets, net 

() 

Increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance 

() 

() 

() 

Loans originated for sale 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from the sale of loans originated for sale 

Net change in: accrued interest receivable and other assets 

() 

() 

Net change in: accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

() 

Other net 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Net (increase) decrease in loans held for investment 

() 

() 

Available-for-sale debt securities: 

Proceeds from sales 

Proceeds from maturities, prepayments and calls 

Purchases of securities 

() 

() 

() 

Held-to-maturity debt securities: 

Proceeds from maturities, prepayments and calls 

Purchases of securities 

() 

() 

() 

Equity securities: 

Proceeds from sales 

Purchases of bank owned life insurance 

() 

Proceeds from bank owned life insurance 

Purchases of premises and equipment net 

() 

() 

() 

Sale of portfolio loans 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

() 

() 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

(Decrease) increase in deposits 

() 

Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 

Repayment of Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 

() 

() 

() 

Decrease in other short-term borrowings 

() 

() 

() 

Principal repayments of finance lease obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Decrease in federal funds purchased 

() 

Issuance of subordinated debt, net of issuance costs 

Repayment of subordinated debt and junior subordinated debt 

() 

() 

Dividends paid to common shareholders 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends paid to preferred shareholders 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

Issuance of preferred stock, net of issuance costs 

Treasury shares purchased net 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of the year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of the year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES 

Interest paid on deposits and other borrowings 

Income taxes paid 

Transfers of loans to other real estate owned 

Transfers of portfolio loans to loans held for sale 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 77 

branches and ATM machines in West Virginia, Ohio, western Pennsylvania, Kentucky, southern Indiana and Maryland. In addition, Wesbanco operates an insurance brokerage company, Wesbanco Insurance Services, Inc., and a full service broker/dealer, Wesbanco Securities, Inc. of the voting interest. Variable interest entities VIE are entities that in general either do not have equity investors with voting rights or that have equity investors that do not provide sufficient financial resources for the entity to support its activities. Wesbanco uses VIEs in various legal forms to conduct normal business activities. Wesbanco reviews the structure and activities of VIEs for possible consolidation. A controlling financial interest in a VIE is present when an enterprise has both the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. A VIE often holds financial assets, including loans or receivables, real estate or other property. The company with a controlling financial interest, known as the primary beneficiary, is required to consolidate the VIE. Wesbanco has wholly-owned trust subsidiaries (collectively, the Trusts ), for which it does not have the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance nor the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive a benefits from the VIE that could be potentially significant to the VIE. Accordingly, the Trusts and their net assets are not included in the Consolidated Financial Statements. However, the junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures issued by Wesbanco to the Trusts (refer to Note 10, Subordinated Debt and Junior Subordinated Debt and the common stock issued by the Trusts is included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Wesbanco also owns non-controlling variable interests in certain limited partnerships for which it does not have the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance nor the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive a benefit from the VIE that could be potentially significant to the VIE. These VIEs are not consolidated into Wesbanco s financial statements because Wesbanco is not considered the primary beneficiary. These investments are accounted for using the equity method of accounting and are included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to Note 7, Investments in Limited Partnerships for further detail. 
 
 Service charges on deposits: There are monthly service charges for both commercial and personal banking customers, which are earned over the month per the related fee schedule based on the customers deposits. There are also transaction-based fees, which are earned based on specific transactions or customer activity within the customers deposit accounts. These are earned at the time the transaction or customer activity occurs. The fees are debited from the customer account. Net securities brokerage revenue: Commission income is earned based on customer transactions and management of investments. The commission income from customers transactions is recognized when the transaction is complete and approved. Annuity commissions are earned based upon the carrier s commission rate for the annuity product chosen by the investing customer. The commission income from the management of investments over time is earned continuously over a quarterly period. Debit card sponsorship income: The activity in this revenue stream concluded on March 31, 2021, with the sale of this program to another bank. Debit card sponsorship income was earned from Wesbanco s sponsorship of its customers, which included independent service organizations, processors and other banks into different debit networks. For providing this service, the customers paid the bank a per transaction fee for each transaction processed through the network. In some cases, customers were also charged annual sponsorship fees and non-compliance fees as applicable. The fees were earned at the time the transaction or customer activity occurred. The fees were either directly debited from the customers' deposit accounts or were billed to the customer. Payment processing fees: Payment processing fees are earned from the bill payment and electronic funds transfer EFT services provided under the name FirstNet. The fees are derived from both the individual consumer banking transactions and from businesses or service providers through monthly billing for total transactions occurring. These fees are earned at the time the transaction or customer activity occurs. The fees are debited from the customers deposit accounts or charged directly to the business or service provider. Electronic banking fees: Interchange and ATM fees are earned based on customer and ATM transactions. Revenue is recognized when the transaction is settled. Mortgage banking income: Income is earned when Wesbanco-originated loans are sold to an investor on the secondary market. The investor bids on the loans. If the price is accepted, Wesbanco delivers the loan documents to the investor. Once received and approved by the investor, revenue is recognized and the loans are derecognized from the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Prior to the loans being sold, they are classified as loans held for sale. Additionally, the changes in the fair value of the loans held for sale, loan commitments and related derivatives are included in mortgage banking income and are somewhat offset by any deferred direct origination costs, such as mortgage loan officer commissions. Net gain or loss on sale of other real estate owned and other assets: Net gain or loss on other real estate owned is recorded when the property is sold to a third party and the Bank collects substantially all of the consideration to which it is entitled in exchange for the transfer of the property. Net gain or loss on other assets can include, among other things, the sale of fixed assets, the change in fair value of the underlying investments funded by Wesbanco s Community Development Corporation Wesbanco CDC and residual income earned from the sale of Wesbanco s debit card sponsorship program. Gains or losses are recognized upon receipt of consideration and subsequent transfer of the property for fixed asset sales. The change in fair value of Wesbanco CDC investments occurs upon the change in the underlying investments as these are accounted for utilizing the equity method, and as such, are not within the scope of ASC 606. Residual income from the sale of the debit card sponsorship program is recognized over time as per the signed agreement between Wesbanco and the buyer. 
 
 of their original purchase price remaining or that have experienced measurable credit deterioration may be sold. Cost method investments: Securities that do not have readily determinable fair values and for which Wesbanco does not exercise significant influence are carried at cost. Cost method investments consist primarily of Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB stock and are included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cost method investments are evaluated for impairment whenever events or circumstances suggest that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Securities acquired in acquisitions are recorded at fair value with the premium or discount derived from the fair market value adjustment recognized into interest income on a level yield basis over the remaining life of the security. Gains and losses: Net realized gains and losses on sales of securities are included in non-interest income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. The gain or loss is determined as of the trade date. Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are recorded through other comprehensive income. Amortization and accretion: Generally, premiums are amortized to call date and discounts are accreted to maturity, on a level yield basis. Current expected credit losses CECL ): The corporate and municipal bonds in Wesbanco s held-to-maturity debt portfolio are analyzed quarterly for CECL. Wesbanco uses a database of historical financials of all corporate and municipal issuers and actual historic default and recovery rates on rated and non-rated transactions to estimate CECL on an individual security basis. The CECL calculated amount is adjusted quarterly and is recorded in an allowance for expected credit losses on the balance sheet that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the held-to-maturity portfolio as a contra asset, with the losses recorded on the income statement within the provision for credit losses. Because Wesbanco s held-to-maturity investments in mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations are all either issued by a direct governmental entity or a government-sponsored entity, there is no historical evidence supporting the establishment of a CECL reserve; therefore, Wesbanco has estimated these losses at , and will monitor this assumption in the future for any economical or governmental policies that could affect this assumption. Available-for-sale debt security impairment: An available-for-sale debt security is considered impaired if its fair value is less than its amortized cost basis. If Wesbanco intends to sell or will be required to sell the investment prior to recovery of cost, the entire impairment will be recognized immediately in the Consolidated Statements of Income. If Wesbanco does not intend to sell, nor is it more likely than not that it will be required to sell, impaired securities prior to the recovery of their cost, a review is conducted each quarter to determine if any portion of the impairment is due to credit losses. In estimating credit losses, Wesbanco first considers the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, evaluating any credit downgrades or other indicators of a potential credit problem, the type of security, either fixed or equity, and the receipt of principal and interest according to the contractual terms. If there are no indications that the impairment is credit-related, the impairment is recognized in other comprehensive income in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. If the impairment is considered to be credit-related based on management s review of the various factors that indicate credit impairment, the amount of credit impairment is calculated using the present value of future expected cash flows. If the present value of future expected cash flows is less than the amortized cost basis of the security, a credit loss exists and an allowance for expected credit losses is recorded, limited by the total unrealized loss on the security, and is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The non-credit portion is calculated as the difference between the total unrealized loss and the credit portion of that loss and is recognized in other comprehensive income. 
 days past due, unless the loan is well-secured and in the process of collection. Loans may be returned to accrual status when a borrower has resumed paying principal and interest for a sustained period of at least and Wesbanco is reasonably assured of collecting the remaining contractual principal and interest. Loans are returned to accrual status at an amount equal to the principal balance of the loan at the time of non-accrual status less any payments applied to principal during the non-accrual period. Loans are reported as a troubled debt restructuring when Wesbanco, for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, grants a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. Refer to the Troubled Debt Restructurings policy below for additional detail. A loan is considered non-performing, based on current information and events, if it is probable that Wesbanco will be unable to collect the payments of principal and interest when due according to the original contractual terms of the loan agreement. Non-performing loans include all non-accrual loans and troubled debt restructurings. Wesbanco recognizes interest income on non-accrual loans on the cash basis only if recovery of principal is reasonably assured. Consumer loans are charged down to the net realizable value at days past due for closed-end loans and days past due for open-end revolving lines of credit. Residential real estate loans are charged down to the net realizable value of the collateral at days past due. Commercial loans are charged down to the net realizable value when it is determined that Wesbanco will be unable to collect the principal amount in full. Loans are reclassified to other assets at the net realizable value when foreclosure or repossession of the collateral occurs. Refer to the Other Real Estate Owned and Repossessed Assets policy below for additional detail. 
 
 days or more past due, loans with an internal risk grade of below average or lower, loans classified as non-accrual by the acquired institution, the materiality of the credit and loans that have been previously modified in a troubled debt restructuring. Under ASC 326-20, a group of loans with similar risk characteristics can be assessed to determine if the pool of loans is PCD. However, if a loan does not have similar risk characteristics as any other acquired loan, the loan is individually assessed to determine if it is PCD. In addition, the initial allowance related to acquired loans can be estimated for a pool of loans if the loans have similar risk characteristics. Even if the loans were individually assessed to determine if they were PCD, they can be grouped together in the initial allowance calculation if they share similar risk characteristics. Since Wesbanco uses the discounted cash flow (DCF) approach, the initial allowance calculation for PCD loans is calculated as the expected contractual cash shortfalls, discounted at the rate that equals the net present value of estimated future cash flows expected to be collected with the purchase price of the loan(s). If a PCD loan has an unfunded commitment at acquisition, the initial allowance for credit losses calculation reflects only the expected credit losses associated with the funded portion of the PCD loan. Expected credit losses associated with the unfunded commitment are included in the initial measurement of the commitment. For PCD loans, the non-credit discount or premium is allocated to individual loans as determined by the difference between the loan s amortized cost basis and the unpaid principal balance. The non-credit premium or discount is recognized into interest income on a level yield basis over the remaining expected life of the loan. For non-PCD loans, the interest and credit discount or premium is allocated to individual loans as determined by the difference between the loan s amortized cost basis and the unpaid principal balance. The premium or discount is recognized into interest income on a level yield basis over the remaining expected life of the loan. 
 , depending upon the facts and circumstances of the current state of the economy, portfolio segment and management s judgement of what can be reasonably supported. The model reversion period ranges from one to . The allowance for credit losses is calculated over the loan s contractual life. For term loans, the contractual life is calculated based on the maturity date. For commercial and industrial C I revolving loans with no stated maturity date, the contractual life is calculated based on the internal review date. For all other revolving loans, the contractual life is based on either the estimated maturity date or a default date. The contractual term does not include expected extensions, renewals or modifications unless management has a reasonable expectation as of the reporting period that Wesbanco will execute a TDR with the borrower. Management assumes a loan will become a TDR if a consumer loan has matured, has a principal balance, and has previously been partially charged-off. This assumption extends the maturity of these loans to beyond maturity date. The loan portfolio is segmented based on the risk profiles of the loans. Commercial loans are segmented between commercial real estate CRE ), which are collateralized by real estate, and C I, which are typically utilized for general business purposes. CRE is further segmented between land and construction LCD and improved property, which are generally loans to purchase or refinance owner occupied or non-owner occupied investment properties. LCD loans have a unique risk that the developer or builder may not complete the project or not complete it on time or within budget. Improved property loans are reviewed for risk based on the underlying real estate property such as rental or owner income, appraisal value and other current lease terms, which affect debt service coverage and loan to value. Retail loans are a homogenous group, generally consisting of standardized products that are smaller in amount and distributed over a large number of individual borrowers. The group is segmented into categories residential real estate, HELOC and consumer. Contractual terms are adjusted for estimated prepayments to arrive at expected cash flows. Wesbanco models term loans with an annualized prepayment rate. When Wesbanco has a specific expectation of differing payment behavior for a given loan, the loan may be evaluated individually. For revolving loans that do not have a principal payment schedule, a curtailment rate is factored into the cash flow. The evaluation also considers qualitative factors such as economic trends and conditions, which includes levels of regional unemployment, real estate values and the impact on specific industries and geographical markets, changes in lending policies and underwriting standards, delinquency and other credit quality trends, concentrations of credit risk, if any, the results of internal loan reviews and examinations by bank regulatory agencies pertaining to the allowance for credit losses. Management relies on observable data from internal and external sources to the extent it is available to evaluate each of these factors and adjusts the model s quantitative results to reflect the impact these factors may have on probable losses in the portfolio. Commercial loans, including CRE and C I that have unique characteristics are tested individually for estimated credit losses. Specific reserves are established when appropriate for such loans based on the net present value of expected future cash flows of the loan or the estimated realizable value of the collateral, if any. Management may also adjust its assumptions to account for differences between expected and actual losses from period to period. The variability of management s assumptions could alter the level of the allowance for credit losses and may have a material impact on future results of operations and financial condition. The loss estimation models and methods used to determine the allowance for credit losses are continually refined and enhanced. 
 to for furniture and equipment, to for buildings and building improvements, and years for land improvements. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred while major improvements that extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized and depreciated over the estimated remaining useful life of the asset. Operating leases are recorded as a right of use ROU asset and operating lease liability, included in premises and equipment, net and other liabilities, respectively. Operating lease ROU assets represent the right to use an underlying asset during the lease term and operating lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized at lease commencement based on the present value of the remaining lease payments using a discount rate that represents our incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date. Operating lease expense, which is comprised of amortization of the ROU asset and the implicit interest accreted on the operating lease liability, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and is recorded primarily in net occupancy expense in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 
 in total, and are tested for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. Non-compete agreements are recognized in other assets on the balance sheet and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the respective agreements, ranging from one to . Goodwill is evaluated for impairment by either assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the goodwill impairment test, or Wesbanco may elect to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. Under the qualitative assessment, Wesbanco assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting units are less than their carrying amounts, including goodwill. If it is more likely than not, the goodwill impairment test is used to identify potential goodwill impairment and measure the amount of a goodwill impairment loss to be recognized, if any. The estimated fair value of each reporting unit is compared to its carrying value, including goodwill. If the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, the goodwill of that reporting unit is not considered impaired, and no impairment loss is recognized. However, if the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized based on the excess of a reporting unit s carrying value over its fair value. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount of an intangible asset with a finite useful life is not recoverable from its undiscounted cash flows and is measured as the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the asset. Wesbanco does t have any indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 
 and guarantee a specified interest rate for a loan if underwriting standards are met, but the commitment does not obligate the potential borrower to close on the loan. Accordingly, some IRLC expire prior to the funding of the related loan. For IRLC issued in connection with potential loans intended for sale, which consist primarily of originated longer-term fixed rate residential home mortgage loans that qualify for secondary market sale, the Bank enters into positions of forward month mortgage-backed securities to be announced TBA contracts on a mandatory basis or on a one-to-one forward sales contract on a best efforts basis. A mortgage loan sold on a mandatory basis to the secondary market is considered sold when the mortgage loan is funded. Wesbanco enters into TBA contracts in order to control interest rate risk during the period between the IRLC and the sale of the mortgage loan. The IRLC is executed between the mortgagee and Wesbanco, and the forward TBA contract is executed between Wesbanco and a counterparty. Both the IRLC and the forward TBA contract are considered derivatives. A mortgage loan sold on a best efforts basis is locked into a forward sales contract on the same day as the IRLC to control interest rate risk during the period between the IRLC and the sale of the mortgage loan. The IRLC is executed between the mortgagee and Wesbanco, and the forward sales contract is executed between Wesbanco and a counterparty. Both the IRLC and the forward sales contract are considered derivatives. Both types of derivatives are recorded at fair value and are not designated in a qualified hedged accounting program. The changes in fair value are recorded in current earnings within mortgage banking income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The fair value of IRLC is the gain or loss that would be realized on the underlying loans assuming exercise of the commitments under current market rates versus the rate incorporated in the commitments, taking into consideration loans cancelled prior to closing. The fair value of forward sales contracts is based on quoted market prices. Since loans typically close before receipt of funding from an investor, they are accounted for at fair value as Loans Held for Sale in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

ASU 2022-04 Liabilities Supplier Finance Programs (Sub-topic 405-50) In September 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-04, Liabilities Supplier Finance Programs (Subtopic 405-50). The amendments in this ASU require that a buyer in a supplier finance program disclose sufficient information about the program to allow a user of financial statements to understand the program s nature, activity during the period, changes from period to period, and potential magnitude. To achieve that objective, the buyer should disclose qualitative and quantitative information about its supplier finance programs. For Wesbanco, this update was effective beginning on January 1, 2023, except for the amendment on rollforward information, which is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023. The adoption of this full pronouncement is not expected to have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. ASU 2022-03 Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820). The amendments in this ASU clarify that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security, and therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value. Furthermore, the amendments to this ASU clarify that an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account, recognize and measure a contractual sale restriction. The update to this ASU requires the following disclosures for equity securities: (1) The fair value of equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions reflected in the balance sheet; (2) The nature and remaining duration of the restriction(s) and; (3) The circumstances that could cause a lapse in the restriction(s). The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Wesbanco is currently assessing the impact of ASU 2022-03 on its Consolidated Financial Statements. ASU 2022-02 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) . The amendments in this ASU eliminate the accounting guidance for Troubled Debt Restructurings TDRs by creditors in Subtopic 310-40, Receivables - Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors, while enhancing disclosure requirements for certain loan refinancings and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. Specifically, rather than applying the recognition and measurement guidance for TDRs, an entity must apply the loan refinancing and restructuring guidance in paragraphs 310-20-35-9 through 35-11 to determine whether a modification results in a new loan or a continuation of an existing loan. In addition, for public business entities, the amendments in this Update require that an entity disclose current-period gross writeoffs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investments in leases within the scope of Subtopic 326-20, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses - Measured at Amortized Cost. For Wesbanco, this update was effective beginning on . The adoption of this pronouncement did not have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. ASU 2022-01 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815) In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-01, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815) . The amendments in this ASU address several topics within ASU 2017-12, which was issued in August 2017 to improve the hedge accounting model. ASU 2022-01 expands the current last-of-layer method to allow multiple hedged layers of a single closed portfolio and renames the last-of-layer method as the portfolio layer method. Among other things, the ASU expands the scope of the portfolio layer method to include nonprepayable financial assets, provides additional guidance on the accounting for and disclosure of hedge basis adjustments that are applicable to the portfolio layer method whether a single hedged layer or multiple hedge layers are designated and specifies how hedge basis adjustments should be considered when determining credit losses for the assets included in the closed portfolio. For Wesbanco, this update was effective beginning on . The of this pronouncement did t have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. ASU 2021-08 Business Combinations (Topic 805) In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805). The amendments in this Update require that an entity (acquirer) recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with Topic 606, Revenue Recognition. The amendments also apply to contract assets and contract liabilities from other contracts to which the provisions of Topic 606 apply, such as contract liabilities from the sale of nonfinancial assets within the scope of Subtopic 610-20, Other Income Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets. For Wesbanco, this update was effective beginning on . The of this pronouncement did t have a material impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. ASU 2020-04, ASU 2021-01 and ASU 2022-06 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) . This ASU provided temporary, optional guidance to ease the potential burden in accounting for, or recognizing the effects of, the transition away from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or other reference rate expected to be discontinued on financial reporting. The ASU also provides optional expedients for contract modifications that replace a reference rate affected by reference rate reform. The guidance is effective as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022, and can be adopted at any time during this period. In January 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope . This ASU refines the scope of Topic 848 and addresses questions about whether Topic 848 can be applied to derivative instruments that do not reference a rate that is expected to be discontinued, but that use an interest rate for margining, discounting or contract price alignment that is expected to be modified as a result of reference rate reform. ASU 2021-01 is effective upon issuance through December 31, 2024, and can be adopted at any time during this period. Wesbanco has not offered LIBOR for any new contracts after . Wesbanco has chosen the One Month Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate 1M Term SOFR as its alternative replacement rate for LIBOR on both back-to-back swaps and on one-month variable loans. A transition plan was implemented in 2021 to identify and modify Wesbanco's loans and other financial instruments with attributes that are either directly or indirectly influenced by LIBOR, and Wesbanco continues to assess the impact of the new guidance on the consolidated financial statements on an ongoing basis, with material impacts expected at this time. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848. In the Update, the Board decided to defer the sunset date of Topic 848 to December 31, 2024, to permit entities to apply the guidance in Topic 848 through the expected cessation date of USD LIBOR. In the Board s view, that time frame would have been sufficient to provide flexibility for additional unforeseen changes to the timeline of USD LIBOR cessation and to accommodate global interbank offered rate (IBOR) transition. The update is not expected to have a material impact on Wesbanco s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Denominator: 

Total average basic common shares outstanding 

Effect of dilutive stock options and other stock compensation 

Total diluted average common shares outstanding 

Earnings per common share basic 

Earnings per common share diluted 

As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, , and options to purchase shares were excluded in the diluted shares computation because the exercise price was greater than the average market price of the common shares and, therefore, the effect would be antidilutive. As of December 31, 2022 , contingently issuable shares totaling were estimated to be awarded under the 2022, 2021 and 2020 total shareholder return plans as stock performance targets were met to date and were included in the diluted calculation. shares were contingently issuable as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 because the performance criteria was not met at that time and the effect would be antidilutive. In addition, performance-based restricted stock compensation totaling and were estimated to be awarded as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and are included in the calculation. performance-based restricted stock compensation was estimated to be awarded at December 31, 2020. 

 87 

() 

() 

Residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of government sponsored entities and agencies 

() 

() 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of government sponsored entities and agencies 

() 

() 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

Corporate debt securities 

() 

() 

Total available-for-sale debt securities 

() 

() 

Held-to-maturity debt securities 

U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies 

() 

() 

Residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of government sponsored entities and agencies 

() 

() 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

Corporate debt securities 

() 

Total held-to-maturity debt securities (1) 

() 

() 

Total debt securities 

() 

() 

(1) Total held-to-maturity debt securities are presented on the balance sheet net of their allowance for credit losses totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were holdings of any one issuer, other than U.S. government sponsored entities and its agencies, in an amount greater than of Wesbanco s shareholders equity. Equity securities, of which million consist of investments in various mutual funds held in grantor trusts formed in connection with the Company s deferred compensation plan, are recorded at fair value and totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

1-5 years 

5-10 years 

Over 10 years 

Total available-for-sale debt securities 

Held-to-maturity debt securities 

Less than one year 

1-5 years 

5-10 years 

Over 10 years 

Total held-to-maturity debt securities 

Total debt securities 

Securities with an aggregate fair value of billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were pledged as security for public and trust funds, and securities sold under agreements to repurchase. There were no sales of available-for-sale securities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Proceeds from the sale of available-for-sale securities were million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Net unrealized (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities included in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax, as December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 

Gross realized losses 

() 

() 

() 

Net gains on debt securities 

Equity securities: 

Unrealized (losses) gains recognized on securities still held 

() 

Net realized losses recognized on securities sold 

() 

Net (losses) gains on equity securities 

() 

Net securities (losses) gains 

() 

The corporate and municipal bonds in Wesbanco s held-to-maturity debt portfolio are analyzed quarterly to determine if an allowance for current expected credit losses is warranted. Wesbanco uses a database of historical financials of all corporate and municipal issuers and actual historic default and recovery rates on rated and non-rated transactions to estimate expected credit losses on an individual security basis. The expected credit losses are adjusted quarterly and are recorded in an allowance for expected credit losses on the balance sheet, which is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the held-to-maturity portfolio as a contra asset. The losses are recorded on the income statement in the provision for credit losses. Accrued interest receivable on held-to-maturity securities, which was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. Held-to-maturity investments in U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies as well as mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations, which are all either issued by a direct governmental entity or a government-sponsored entity, have no historical evidence supporting expected credit losses; therefore, Wesbanco has estimated these losses at , and will monitor this assumption in the future for any economical or governmental policies that could affect this assumption. 

Current period provision 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Write-offs 

Recoveries 

Ending balance at December 31, 2022 

Beginning balance at January 1, 2021 

Current period provision 

() 
 
 () 

Write-offs 

Recoveries 

Ending balance at December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance at January 1, 2020 

Current period provision 

Write-offs 

Recoveries 

Ending balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

Residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of government sponsored entities and agencies 

() 

() 

() 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of government sponsored entities and agencies 

() 

() 

() 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

() 

Corporate debt securities 

() 

() 

() 

Total temporarily impaired securities 

() 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Less than 12 months 

12 months or more 

Total 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

# of Securities 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

# of Securities 

Fair Value 

Unrealized Losses 

# of Securities 

U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies 

() 

() 

() 

Residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of government sponsored entities and agencies 

() 

() 

() 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of government sponsored entities and agencies 

() 

() 

() 

Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

Corporate debt securities 

() 

() 

Total temporarily impaired securities 

() 

() 

() 

Unrealized losses on debt securities in the tables above represent temporary fluctuations resulting from changes in market rates in relation to fixed yields. Unrealized losses in the available-for-sale portfolio are accounted for as an adjustment, net of taxes, to other comprehensive income in shareholders equity. Wesbanco does not believe the securities presented above are impaired due to reasons of credit quality, as substantially all debt securities are rated above investment grade and all are paying principal and interest according to their contractual terms. Wesbanco does not intend to sell, nor is it more likely than not that it will be required to sell, loss position securities prior to recovery of their cost, and therefore, management believes the unrealized losses detailed above do not require an allowance for credit losses relating to these securities to be recognized. Securities that do not have readily determinable fair values and for which Wesbanco does not exercise significant influence are carried at cost. Cost method investments consist primarily of FHLB stock totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, and are included in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cost method investments are evaluated for impairment whenever events or circumstances suggest that their carrying value may not be recoverable. 

91 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, including million and million, respectively, of net deferred income from SBA Payroll Protection Program PPP loans. The un-accreted discount on purchased loans from acquisitions was million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 

December 31, 

December 31, 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Commercial real estate: 

Land and construction 

Improved property 

Total commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Commercial and industrial - PPP 

Residential real estate 

Home equity 

Consumer 

Total portfolio loans 

Loans held for sale 

Total loans 

As of December 31, 2022 , accrued interest receivable for loans was million. Wesbanco made an accounting policy election to exclude accrued interest from the measurement of the allowance for credit losses because the Company has a robust policy in place to reverse or write-off accrued interest when loans are placed on non-accrual. However, Wesbanco does have a million reserve on the accrued interest related to loan modifications allowed under the CARES Act due to the timing and nature of these modifications. As of December 31, 2022 , accrued interest related to COVID-19 loan modifications as permitted under the CARES Act was million. 

Allowance for credit losses - loan commitments 

Total beginning allowance for credit losses - loans and loan commitments 

Provision for credit losses: 

Provision for loan losses 

() 

() 

() 

Provision for loan commitments 

() 

() 

() 

Total provision for credit losses - loans and loan commitments 

() 

() 

() 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Net recoveries (charge-offs) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period: 

Allowance for credit losses - loans 

Allowance for credit losses - loan commitments 

Total ending allowance for credit losses - loans and loan commitments 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Commercial Real Estate- Land and Construction 

Commercial Real Estate- Improved Property 

Commercial Industrial 

Residential Real Estate 

Home Equity 

Consumer 

Deposit Overdrafts 

Total 

Balance at beginning of year: 

Allowance for credit losses - loans 

Allowance for credit losses - loan commitments 

Total beginning allowance for credit losses - loans and loan commitments 

Provision for credit losses: 

Provision for loan losses 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Provision for loan commitments 

() 

() 

() 

Total provision for credit losses - loans and loan commitments 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Net recoveries (charge-offs) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period: 

Allowance for credit losses - loans 

Allowance for credit losses - loan commitments 

Total ending allowance for credit losses - loans and loan commitments 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 

(in thousands) 
 
 Commercial Real Estate- Land and Construction 

Commercial Real Estate- Improved Property 

Commercial Industrial 

Residential Real Estate 

Home Equity 

Consumer 

Deposit Overdrafts 

Total 

Balance at beginning of year: 

Allowance for credit losses - loans 

Allowance for credit losses - loan commitments 

Total beginning allowance for credit losses - loans and loan commitments 

Impact of adopting ASC 326 

() 

Provision for credit losses: 

Provision for loan losses 

() 

Provision for loan commitments 

Total provision for credit losses - loans and loan commitments 

() 

Charge-offs 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Net recoveries (charge-offs) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period: 

Allowance for credit losses - loans 

Allowance for credit losses - loan commitments 

Total ending allowance for credit losses - loans and loan commitments 

Loans collectively-evaluated 

Loan commitments (1) 

Total allowance for credit losses - loans and commitments 

Portfolio loans: 

Individually-evaluated for credit losses (1) 

Collectively-evaluated for credit losses 

Total portfolio loans 

December 31, 2021 

Allowance for credit losses: 

Loans individually-evaluated 

Loans collectively-evaluated 

Loan commitments (1) 

Total allowance for credit losses - loans and commitments 

Portfolio loans: 

Individually-evaluated for credit losses (1) 

Collectively-evaluated for credit losses 

Total portfolio loans 

(1) For additional detail relating to loan commitments, see Footnote 18, Commitments and Contingent Liabilities . 
 Commercial loan risk grades are determined based on an evaluation of the relevant characteristics of each loan, assigned at inception and adjusted thereafter at any time to reflect changes in the risk profile throughout the life of each loan. The primary factors used to determine the risk grade are the sufficiency, reliability and sustainability of the primary source of repayment and overall financial strength of the borrower. The rating system more heavily weights the debt service coverage, leverage and loan to value factors to derive the risk grade. Other factors that are considered at a lesser weighting include management, industry or property type risks, payment history, collateral or guarantees. Commercial real estate land and construction consists of loans to finance investments in vacant land, land development, construction of residential housing, and construction of commercial buildings. Commercial real estate improved property consists of loans for the purchase or refinance of all types of improved owner-occupied and investment properties. Factors that are considered in assigning the risk grade vary depending on the type of property financed. The risk grade assigned to construction and development loans is based on the overall viability of the project, the experience and financial capacity of the developer or builder to successfully complete the project, project specific and market absorption rates and comparable property values, and the amount of pre-sales for residential housing construction or pre-leases for commercial investment property. The risk grade assigned to commercial investment property loans is based primarily on the adequacy of the net operating income generated by the property to service the debt debt service coverage ), the loan to appraised value, the type, quality, industry and mix of tenants, and the terms of leases. The risk grade assigned to owner-occupied commercial real estate is based primarily on global debt service coverage and the leverage of the business, but may also consider the industry in which the business operates, the business specific competitive advantages or disadvantages, collateral margins and the quality and experience of management. C I loans consist of revolving lines of credit to finance accounts receivable, inventory and other general business purposes; term loans to finance fixed assets other than real estate, and letters of credit to support trade, insurance or governmental requirements for a variety of businesses. Most C I borrowers are privately-held companies with annual sales up to million. Primary factors that are considered in risk rating C I loans include debt service coverage and leverage. Other factors including operating trends, collateral coverage along with management experience are also considered. Pass loans are those that exhibit a history of positive financial results that are at least comparable to the average for their industry or type of real estate. The primary source of repayment is acceptable and these loans are expected to perform satisfactorily during most economic cycles. Pass loans typically have no significant external factors that are expected to adversely affect these borrowers more than others in the same industry or property type. Any minor unfavorable characteristics of these loans are outweighed or mitigated by other positive factors including but not limited to adequate secondary or tertiary sources of repayment. Criticized loans, considered as compromised, have potential weaknesses that deserve management's close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the bank's credit position at some future date. Criticized loans are not adversely classified by the banking regulators and do not expose the bank to sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification. Classified loans, considered as substandard and doubtful, are equivalent to the classifications used by banking regulators. Substandard loans are inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified must have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. These loans may or may not be reported as non-accrual. Doubtful loans have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently known facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. These loans are reported as non-accrual. 

Criticized compromised 

Classified substandard 

Classified doubtful 

Total 

As of December 31, 2021 

Pass 

Criticized compromised 

Classified substandard 

Classified doubtful 

Total 

Residential real estate, home equity and consumer loans are not assigned internal risk grades other than as required by regulatory guidelines that are based primarily on the age of past due loans. Wesbanco primarily evaluates the credit quality of residential real estate, home equity and consumer loans based on repayment performance and historical loss rates. The aggregate amount of residential real estate, home equity and consumer loans classified as substandard in accordance with regulatory guidelines were million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021 , of which million and million were accruing, for each period, respectively. These loans are not included in the tables above. In addition, million and million of unfunded criticized and classified commercial loan commitments are not included in the tables above for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Improved property 

Total commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Home equity 

Consumer 

Total portfolio loans 

Loans held for sale 

Total loans 

Nonperforming loans included above are as follows: 

Non-accrual loans 

TDRs accruing interest (1) 

Total non-performing 

As of December 31, 2021 

Commercial real estate: 

Land and construction 

Improved property 

Total commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Home equity 

Consumer 

Total portfolio loans 

Loans held for sale 

Total loans 

Nonperforming loans included above are as follows: 

Non-accrual loans 

TDRs accruing interest (1) 

Total non-performing 

(1) Loans 90 days or more past due and accruing interest exclude TDRs days or more past due and accruing interest. 

Improved property 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Home equity 

Consumer 

Total nonperforming loans without a specific allowance 

Total nonperforming loans with a specific allowance 

Total nonperforming loans 

(1) The difference between the unpaid principal balance and the recorded investment generally reflects amounts that have been previously charged-off and fair market value adjustments on acquired nonperforming loans. 

Nonperforming Loans 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 

(in thousands) 
 
 Average Recorded Investment 

Interest Income Recognized 

Average Recorded Investment 

Interest Income Recognized 

Average Recorded Investment 

Interest Income Recognized 

With no related specific allowance recorded: 

Commercial real estate: 

Land and construction 

Improved property 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Home equity 

Consumer 

Total nonperforming loans without a specific allowance 

With a specific allowance recorded: 

Commercial real estate: 

Land and construction 

Improved property 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Home equity 

Consumer 

Total nonperforming loans with a specific allowance 

Total nonperforming loans 

Improved property 

Total commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Home equity 

Consumer 

Total 

(1) At December 31, 2022 , there were borrowers with loan balances greater than million totaling million, as compared to borrowers with a loan balance greater than million totaling million at December 31, 2021. Total non-accrual loans include loans that are also TDRs. Such loans are also set forth in the following table as non-accrual TDRs. 

TDRs 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Accruing 

Non-Accrual 

Total 

Accruing 

Non-Accrual 

Total 

Commercial real estate: 

Land and construction 

Improved property 

Total commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Home equity 

Consumer 

Total 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , there were TDRs greater than million. The concessions granted in the majority of loans reported as accruing and non-accrual TDRs are extensions of the maturity date or the amortization period, reductions in the interest rate below the prevailing market rate for loans with comparable characteristics, and/or permitting interest-only payments for longer than . Wesbanco had unfunded commitments to debtors whose loans were classified as nonperforming of million as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Improved property 

Total commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Home equity 

Consumer 

Total 

(1) Excludes loans that were either paid off or charged-off by period end. The pre-modification balance represents the balance outstanding at the beginning of the period. The post-modification balance represents the outstanding balance at period end. 

 The following table summarizes TDRs which defaulted (defined as past due 90 days) during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 that were restructured within the last twelve months prior to December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Defaulted TDRs (1) For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Defaulted TDRs (1) For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Number of Defaults 

Recorded Investment 

Number of Defaults 

Recorded Investment 

Commercial real estate: 

Land and construction 

Improved property 

Total commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Home equity 

Consumer 

Total 

(1) Excludes loans that were either charged-off or cured by period end. The recorded investment is as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 

TDRs that default are placed on non-accrual status unless they are both well-secured and in the process of collection. The loans in the table above were not accruing interest. Section 4013 of the CARES Act allows financial institutions the option to temporarily suspend certain requirements under GAAP related to TDRs for a limited period of time during the COVID-19 pandemic. These customers must meet certain criteria, such as they were in good standing and not more than 30 days past due either as of December 31, 2019, or as of the implementation of the modification program under the Interagency Statement, as well as other requirements noted in the regulatory agencies revised statement. Based on this guidance, Wesbanco does not classify the COVID-19 loan modifications as TDRs, nor are the customers considered past due with regard to their delayed payments. Upon exiting the loan modification deferral program, the measurement of loan delinquency will resume where it left off upon entry into the program. Under the CARES Act, Wesbanco has modified approximately loans totaling billion, of which million remain in their deferral period as of December 31, 2022 . 

Amount of contractual interest income on nonperforming loans 

Amount of interest income recognized on nonperforming loans 

Criticized - compromised 

Classified - substandard 

Classified - doubtful 

Total 

Commercial real estate: improved property 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Criticized - compromised 

Classified - substandard 

Classified - doubtful 

Total 

Commercial and industrial 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Criticized - compromised 

Classified - substandard 

Classified - doubtful 

Total 

Residential real estate 

Loan delinquency: 

Current 

30-59 days past due 

60-89 days past due 

90 days or more past due 

Total 

Home equity 

Loan delinquency: 

Current 

30-59 days past due 

60-89 days past due 

90 days or more past due 

Total 

Consumer 

Loan delinquency: 

Current 

30-59 days past due 

31 

60-89 days past due 

90 days or more past due 

Total 

Loans As of December 31, 2021 

Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year 

(in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amortized Cost Basis 

Revolving Loans Converted to Term 

Total 

Commercial real estate: land and construction 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Criticized - compromised 

Classified - substandard 

Classified - doubtful 

Total 

Commercial real estate: improved property 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Criticized - compromised 

Classified - substandard 

Classified - doubtful 

Total 

Commercial and industrial 

Risk rating: 

Pass 

Criticized - compromised 

Classified - substandard 

Classified - doubtful 

Total 

Residential real estate 

Loan delinquency: 

Current 

30-59 days past due 

60-89 days past due 

90 days or more past due 

Total 

Home equity 

Loan delinquency: 

Current 

30-59 days past due 

60-89 days past due 

90 days or more past due 

Total 

Consumer 

Loan delinquency: 

Current 

30-59 days past due 

60-89 days past due 

90 days or more past due 

Total 

Repossessed assets 

Total other real estate owned and repossessed assets 

Residential real estate included in other real estate owned was at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , formal foreclosure proceedings were in process on residential real estate loans totaling million and million, respectively. Previously, a s a result of provisions of the CARES Act, certain residential real estate loans were temporarily suspended from entering foreclosure proceedings, which included million of loans as of December 31, 2021 . Since this moratorium had substantially ended during the first quarter of 2022, there are currently loans suspended from entering foreclosure proceedings. 

 101 

Buildings and improvements 

Furniture and equipment 

Total cost 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Right of use assets 

Total premises and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense of premises and equipment charged to operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Operating leases are recorded as a right of use ROU asset and operating lease liability, included in premises and equipment, net and other liabilities, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheet. Operating lease ROU assets represent the right to use an underlying asset during the lease term and operating lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized at lease commencement based on the present value of the remaining lease payments using a discount rate that represents our incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date. Operating lease expense, which is comprised of amortization of the ROU asset and the implicit interest accreted on the operating lease liability, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and is recorded primarily in net occupancy expense in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Operating leases relate primarily to bank branches, office space and license agreements with remaining lease terms of generally to , which include options for multiple five and ten year extensions, with a weighted average lease term of years. As of December 31, 2022 , operating lease ROU assets and liabilities were million and million, respectively, and as of December 31, 2021 , operating lease ROU assets and liabilities were million and million, respectively. The lease expense for operating leases was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. The weighted average discount rate was as of December 31, 2022 . Wesbanco also has certain software licenses and maintenance agreements that are not subject to ASC 842, Leases. Of those, the Bank has a contract with its core banking software provider through 2027, in which it is projected the annual obligation during the contract period will be a minimum of million per year. Finance leases relate primarily to bank branches and office space with remaining lease terms of generally to , which include options for multiple five and extensions, with weighted-average lease terms of years. As of December 31, 2022 , the finance lease ROU assets and liabilities were million and million, respectively, and were million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021 . The weighted average discount rate was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Amortization costs related to finance lease ROU assets was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. Interest expense related to finance lease ROU assets was million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: capitalized interest 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Present value of lease liabilities 

102 

billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, all of which relates to the Community Banking segment. Wesbanco s other intangible assets of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, primarily consist of core deposit and other customer list intangibles, which have finite lives and are amortized using straight line and accelerated methods. Other intangible assets are being amortized over estimated useful lives ranging from ten to . Amortization of core deposit and customer list intangible assets totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Wesbanco completed its annual goodwill impairment evaluation as of November 30, 2022 and determined that goodwill was t impaired as of such date as well as at December 31, 2022, as there were no significant changes in market conditions, consolidated operating results, or forecasted future results from November 30, 2022. Additionally, there were no events or changes in circumstances indicating impairment of other intangible assets as of December 31, 2022. 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Net carrying amount of other intangible assets 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total 

103 

million and million, respectively, invested in these partnerships. Wesbanco also recognizes the unconditional unfunded equity commitments of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in other liabilities. Wesbanco classifies the amortization of the investment as a component of income tax expense (benefit) and proportionally amortizes the investment over the tax credit period. The amount for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Tax benefits attributed to these partnerships include low-income housing and historic tax credits which totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which are also included in income tax expense. Wesbanco is also a limited partner in other limited partnerships as of December 31, 2022. These provide seed money and capital to startup companies, and financing to low-income housing projects. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , Wesbanco had million and million, respectively, invested in these partnerships, which are recorded in other assets using the equity method. Wesbanco included in operations under the equity method of accounting its share of the partnerships net (loss) income of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. (Losses) gains totaling million and million related to the sale and the change in the fair value of the underlying investments funded by Wesbanco's Community Development Corporation, which is included within the partnerships' net income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. This income is located within net gain (loss) on other real estate owned and other assets on the consolidated statements of income and predominantly relates to the sale and fair value changes in the underlying Tech Growth investment, which was sold in 2022. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectivel y. Interest expense on certificates of deposit of 250 thousand or more was million, million and million f or the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total 

104 

million and million, respectively, with a remaining weighted-average interest rate of and , respectively. The terms of the security agreement with the FHLB include a specific assignment of collateral that requires the maintenance of qualifying mortgage and other types of loans as pledged collateral with unpaid principal amounts in excess of the FHLB advances, when discounted at certain pre-established percentages of the loans unpaid principal balances. FHLB stock owned by Wesbanco totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is also pledged as collateral on these advances. The remaining maximum borrowing capacity by Wesbanco with the FHLB at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was estimated to be approximately billion and billion, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total 

Other short-term borrowings of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, consist in the aggregate of securities sold under agreements to repurchase, federal funds purchased, and outstanding borrowings on a revolving line of credit. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , securities sold under agreements to repurchase were million and million, respectively, with a weighted average interest rate during the year of and , respectively. There were federal funds purchased outstanding at December 31, 2022 or 2021, respectively. In August 2022 , Wesbanco renewed a revolving line of credit, which is a senior obligation of the parent company with another financial institution. This line of credit, which accrues interest at an adjusted SOFR rate, provides for aggregate unsecured borrowings of up to million. There were outstanding balances on the line of credit as of December 31, 2022 or 2021 . 

 105 

million in aggregate principal amount of subordinated debentures on March 23, 2022. The subordinated debentures have a fixed rate of for the first five years and a floating rate for the next five years at plus a spread of . The subordinated debentures are callable after five years, mature on and count towards Tier 2 Capital. Certain trusts, consisting of Wesbanco Capital Trust II, Wesbanco Capital Statutory Trust III, Wesbanco Capital Trusts IV, V and VI, Oak Hill Capital Trusts 2, 3 and 4, Community Bank Shares Statutory Trusts I and II and First Federal Statutory Trust II are all wholly-owned trust subsidiaries of Wesbanco formed for the purpose of issuing Trust Preferred Securities Trust Preferred Securities into a pool of other financial services entity trust preferred securities, and lending the proceeds to Wesbanco. The Trust Preferred Securities were issued and sold in private placement offerings. The proceeds from the sale of the securities and the issuance of common stock by the Trusts were invested in Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures Junior Subordinated Debt issued by Wesbanco and former acquired banks, which are the sole assets of the Trusts. The Trusts pay dividends on the Trust Preferred Securities at the same rate as the distributions paid by Wesbanco on the Junior Subordinated Debt held by the Trusts. The Trusts provide Wesbanco with the option to defer payment of interest on the Junior Subordinated Debt for an aggregate of . Should any of these options be utilized, Wesbanco may not declare or pay dividends on its common stock during any such period. Undertakings made by Wesbanco with respect to the Trust Preferred Securities for the Trusts constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by Wesbanco of the obligations of these Trust Preferred Securities. The Junior Subordinated Debt is presented as a separate category of long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For regulatory purposes, at December 31, 2022, all such securities are counted as Tier 2 capital subject to limits. The Trust Preferred Securities provide the issuer with a unique capital instrument that has a tax-deductible interest feature not normally associated with the equity of a corporation. 

Wesbanco Capital Statutory Trust III (2) 

Wesbanco Capital Trust IV (3) 

Wesbanco Capital Trust V (3) 

Wesbanco Capital Trust VI (4) 

Oak Hill Capital Trust 2 (5) 

Oak Hill Capital Trust 3 (6) 

Oak Hill Capital Trust 4 (7) 

Community Bank Shares Statutory Trust I (3) 

Community Bank Shares Statutory Trust II (8) 

First Federal Statutory Trust II (9) 

Total 

(1) Variable rate based on the three-month LIBOR plus with a current rate of through March 30, 2023, adjustable quarterly. 

 (2) Variable rate based on the three-month LIBOR plus with a current rate of through March 26, 2023, adjustable quarterly. 

 (3) Variable rate based on the three-month LIBOR plus with a current rate of through March 17, 2023, adjustable quarterly. 

 (4) Variable rate based on the three-month LIBOR plus with a current rate of through March 17, 2023, adjustable quarterly. 

 (5) Variable rate based on the three-month LIBOR plus with a current rate of through January 18, 2023, adjustable quarterly. 

 (6) Variable rate based on the three-month LIBOR plus with a current rate of through January 18, 2023, adjustable quarterly. 

 (7) Variable rate based on the three-month LIBOR plus with a current rate of through March 30, 2023, adjustable quarterly. 

 (8) Variable rate based on the three-month LIBOR plus with a current rate of through March 15, 2023, adjustable quarterly. 

 (9) Variable rate based on the three-month LIBOR plus with a current rate of through March 15, 2023, adjustable quarterly. 

106 

and , respectively, interest rate swaps and caps with an aggregate notional amount of million and million, respectively, related to this program. Wesbanco recognized million, million and million of income for the related swap and cap fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Risk participation agreements are entered into as financial guarantees of performance on interest rate swap derivatives. The purchased asset or sold liability allows Wesbanco to participate-in (fee received) or participate-out (fee paid) the risk associated with certain derivative positions executed by the borrower of the lead bank in a loan syndication. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , Wesbanco had and , respectively, risk participation-in agreements with an aggregate notional amount of million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , Wesbanco had risk participation-out agreement with an aggregate notional amount of million and million, respectively. Mortgage Loans Held for Sale and Interest Rate Lock Commitments Certain residential mortgage loans are originated for sale in the secondary mortgage loan market. These loans are classified as held for sale and carried at fair value as Wesbanco has elected the fair value option. Fair value is determined based on rates obtained from the secondary market for loans with similar characteristics. Wesbanco sells loans to the secondary market on either a mandatory or best efforts basis. The loans sold on a mandatory basis are not committed to an investor until the loan is closed with the borrower. Wesbanco enters into forward to be announced TBA contracts to manage the interest rate risk between the lock commitment and the closing of the loan. The total balance of forward TBA contracts entered into was million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The loans sold on a best efforts basis are committed to an investor simultaneous to the interest rate commitment with the borrower, and as a result, the Company does not enter into a separate forward TBA contract to offset the fair value risk, as the investor accepts such risk in exchange for a lower premium on sale. Fair Values of Derivative Instruments on the Balance Sheet All derivatives are carried on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value. Derivative assets are classified in the consolidated balance sheet under other assets, and derivative liabilities are classified in the consolidated balance sheet under other liabilities. Changes in fair value are recognized in earnings. None of Wesbanco s derivatives are designated in qualifying hedging relationships under ASC 815. 

Other contracts: 

Interest rate lock commitments 

Forward TBA contracts 

Total derivatives 

Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Income Statement 

() 

Interest rate lock commitments 
 
 Mortgage banking income 

() 

() 

Forward TBA contracts 
 
 Mortgage banking income 

() 

Total 

() 

Credit Risk Related Contingent Features Wesbanco has agreements with its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where if Wesbanco defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then Wesbanco could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations. Wesbanco also has agreements with certain of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where if Wesbanco fails to maintain its status as either a well- or adequately-capitalized institution, then the counterparty could terminate the derivative positions and Wesbanco would be required to settle its obligations under the agreements. Dependent upon the net present value of the underlying swaps, Wesbanco has minimum collateral posting thresholds with certain of its derivative counterparties. If Wesbanco had breached any of these provisions at December 31, 2022 , it could have been required to settle its obligations under the agreements at the termination value and would have been required to pay any additional amounts due in excess of amounts previously posted as collateral with the respective counterparty. In certain market situations, Wesbanco can also request collateral from the derivative counterparties. Due to the current rise in interest rates, as of December 31, 2022, Wesbanco is holding collateral from various derivative counterparties with a market value of million. 

 108 

of employment. Contributions are intended to provide not only for benefits attributed to service to date, but also for those expected to be earned in the future. Wesbanco uses a December 31 measurement date for the Plan. 

Change in projected benefit obligation: 

Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Actuarial (gain) loss 

() 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

Projected benefit obligation at end of year 

Change in fair value of plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Actual return on plan assets 

() 

Employer contribution 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Amounts recognized in the statement of financial position: 

Funded status 

Net amounts recognized as receivable pension costs in the consolidated balance sheets 

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income consist of: 

Unrecognized prior service credit 

() 

() 

Unrecognized net loss 

Net amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (before tax) 

Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations: 

Discount rate 

Rate of compensation increase 

Expected long-term return on assets 

Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 

Expected return on plan assets 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of prior service credit 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of net loss 

Net periodic pension income 

() 

() 

() 

Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income: 

Net loss (gain) for period 

() 

Prior service credit 

() 

Amortization of prior service credit 

Amortization of net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Total recognized in other comprehensive loss (income) 

() 

() 

Total recognized in net periodic pension cost and other comprehensive income 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic pension cost: 

Discount rate 

Rate of compensation increase 

Expected long-term return on assets 

As permitted under ASC 715-30-35-13, the amortization of any prior service cost is determined using a straight-line amortization of the cost over the average remaining service period of employees expected to receive benefits under the Plan. The expected long-term rate of return for the Plan s total assets is based on the expected return of each of the Plan asset categories, weighted based on the median of the target allocation for each class. Pension Plan Investment Policy and Strategy The investment policy as established by the Pension and Post-Retirement Plan Committee, to be followed by the Trustee, which is Wesbanco s Trust and Investment Services department, is to invest assets based on the target allocations shown in the table below. Assets are reallocated periodically by the Trustee based on the ranges set forth by the Committee to meet the target allocations. The investment policy is also subject to review periodically to determine if the policy should be changed. Plan assets are to be invested with the principal objective of maximizing long-term total return without exposing Plan assets to undue risk, taking into account the Plan s funding needs and benefit obligations. Assets are to be invested in a balanced portfolio composed primarily of equities, fixed income, alternative asset funds and cash or cash equivalent money market investments. In 2021, the Committee adopted certain changes to the investment policy for the Defined Benefit Pension Plan that recognizes over time the return requirements and risk tolerance of the plan will change. Based on an assessment of the long-term goals and desired risk levels, the Committee approved the development of a glide path that adjusts the target allocations as the Plan s funded status changes. Given the United States pension regulations and demographics of the Plan, a more risk averse investment approach is deemed appropriate to reduce the funded status volatility. Thus, modifications were made to the return seeking portfolio and the liability hedging portfolio as detailed in the plan. The revised Plan notes that return seeking assets generally consist of investments that focus on price appreciation with returns that, over the long term, are above the interest costs of the Plan. Thus, the policy set target allocations to return seeking assets and rebalanced the ranges for the same. Additionally, the investment policy statement was changed to note that liability hedging assets will be investment grade fixed income investments and are expected to generally behave like the Plan s liabilities. Since these assets focus mainly on current income, their expected long-term returns will generally be lower than return seeking assets. The policy provides that based on the hedge path, the mix of short term, intermediate term, and long term fixed income holdings will vary. As a result, there will not be set target allocations and ranges for each maturity category, but rather to the hedge path target. Changes to the Plan s holdings, as noted in the chart below, reflect the changes implemented pursuant to the change in the investment policy statement. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Plan s equity securities included shares of Wesbanco common stock with a fair market value of million and million, respectively. - 

Debt securities 
 
 - 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 - 

Total 

Equity securities 

Corporate debt securities 

Municipal obligations 

Residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of government sponsored entities and agencies 

Total defined benefit pension plan assets (1) 

(1) The defined benefit pension plan statement of net assets also includes cash, accrued interest and dividends, and due to/from brokers resulting in net assets available for benefits of million. 

December 31, 2021 

Fair Value Measurements Using: 

(in thousands) 
 
 Assets at Fair Value 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Defined benefit pension plan assets: 

Registered investment companies 

Equity securities 

Corporate debt securities 

Municipal obligations 

Residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of government sponsored entities and agencies 

Total defined benefit pension plan assets (1) 

(1) The defined benefit pension plan statement of net assets also includes cash, accrued interest and dividends, and due to/from brokers resulting in net assets available for benefits of million. 

Registered investment companies and equity securities : Valued at the closing price reported on the active market on which the individual securities are traded. Corporate debt securities, municipal obligations, and U.S. government sponsored entities and agency securities : Valued at fair value based on models that consider criteria such as dealer quotes, available trade data, issuer creditworthiness, market movements, sector news, and bond and swap yield curves. Cash Flows Wesbanco has no required minimum contribution to the Plan for 2023 and as of December 31, 2022 does t expect to make a voluntary contribution in 2023. Wesbanco did t make a contribution to the Plan in 2020, 2021 or 2022. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total 

FFKT Postretirement Medical Benefit Plan Wesbanco assumed FFKT s postretirement medical benefit plan upon acquisition, which had a liability totaling million at the acquisition date. The plan covers FFKT employees who were hired before January 1, 2016 and meet certain age and length of full-time service requirements. The plan was modified in August 2018, which reduced the number of eligible employees. The modification resulted in a million unrealized gain, which was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax, and will be recognized over the life of the plan participants estimated to be approximately years. Benefits provided under this plan are unfunded, and payments to the plan participants are made by Wesbanco. 

Interest cost 

Actuarial gain 

() 

() 

Participant contributions 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

Projected benefit obligation at end of year 

Amounts recognized in the statement of financial position: 

Funded status 

() 

Net amounts recognized as receivable pension costs in the consolidated balance sheets 

() 

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income consist of: 

Unrecognized net (gain) loss 

() 

Prior service cost 

() 

() 

Net amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (before tax) 

() 

() 

Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations: 

Discount rate 

Rate of compensation increase 
 
 NA 

NA 

Expected long-term return on assets 
 
 NA 

NA 

Amortization of prior service credit 

() 

() 

Amortization of net loss 

Net periodic pension cost 

Other changes in plan benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income: 

Prior service cost for period 

Net gain for the period 

() 

() 

Amortization of prior service credit 

Amortization of net loss 

() 

() 

Total recognized in other comprehensive income 

() 

() 

Total recognized in net periodic pension cost and other comprehensive income 

() 

() 

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic pension cost: 

Discount rate 

Rate of compensation increase 
 
 NA 

NA 

Expected long-term return on assets 
 
 NA 

NA 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total 

Employee Stock Ownership and 401(k) Plan KSOP Wesbanco sponsors a KSOP plan consisting of a non-contributory leveraged ESOP and a contributory 401(k) profit sharing plan covering substantially all of its employees. Under the provisions of the 401(k) plan, Wesbanco matches a portion of eligible employee contributions based on rates established and approved by the Board of Directors. For each of the past three years, Wesbanco matched of the first and of the next of eligible employee contributions. ESOP contribution has been made for any of the past three years. Total expense for the KSOP was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 , the KSOP held shares of Wesbanco common stock of which all shares were allocated to specific employee accounts. Dividends on shares are either distributed to employee accounts or paid in cash to the participant. Wesbanco had and shares registered on Form S-8 remaining for future issuance under the KSOP plan at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Incentive Bonus, Option and Restricted Stock Plan The Incentive Bonus, Option and Restricted Stock Plan (the Incentive Plan ), is a non-qualified plan that includes the following components: an Annual Bonus and a Long-Term Incentive, which included a Total Shareholder Return Plan, a Stock Option component, and a Restricted Stock component for certain key officers of the Company. The components allow for payments of cash, a mixture of cash and stock, granting of stock options, or granting of restricted stock, depending upon the component of the Incentive Plan in which the award is earned, through the attainment of certain performance goals or time-based vesting requirements. Performance goals or service vesting requirements are established by Wesbanco s Compensation Committee. On April 22, 2021, Wesbanco registered an additional shares of Wesbanco common stock for issuance under the Incentive Plan. Wesbanco had and shares registered on Form S-8 remaining for future issuance under equity compensation plans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Annual Bonus Compensation expense for key officers for the Annual Bonus w as million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Stock Options On May 18, 2022, Wesbanco granted stock options to selected participants, including certain named executive officers at an exercise price of per share. The options granted in 2022 are service-based and vest in two equal installments on May 18, 2023 and December 31, 2023, and expire from the date of grant. Compensation expense for the stock option component of the Incentive Plan was m illion, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock option grants totaled million, wi th an expense recognition period of remaining. The maximum term of options granted under Wesbanco s stock option plan is from the original grant date; however, options granted in 2022 had a term of . The total intrinsic value of options exercised was m illion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The cash received and related tax benefit realized from stock options exercised was million an d mi llion in 2022 and was million and million in 2021. Shares issued in connection with options exercised are issued from treasury shares acquired under Wesbanco s share repurchase plans or from issuance of authorized but unissued shares, subject to prior SEC registration. The fair value of stock options granted is estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, changes to which can materially affect the fair value estimate. Additionally, there may be other factors that might otherwise have a significant effect on the value of stock options granted that are not considered by the model. years 

years 

years 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Volatility factor 

Fair value of the grants 

The weighted-average life assumption is an estimate of the length of time that an employee might hold an option before option exercise, option expiration or employment termination. The weighted-average life assumption was developed using historical experience. Wesbanco used a weighted historical volatility of its common stock price over the weighted average life prior to each issuance as the volatility factor assumption, adjusted for abnormal volatility during certain periods, and current and future dividend payment expectations for the dividend assumption. 

Granted during the year 

Exercised during the year 

() 

Forfeited or expired during the year 

() 

Outstanding at end of the year 

Exercisable at year end 

The aggregate intrinsic value of the outstanding shares and the shares exercisable at year-end was million and million, respectively. 

2014 

2015 

to 

2016 

to 

2017 

2018 

to 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Total 

to 

Restricted Stock During 2022 , Wesbanco granted shares of service-based restricted stock to certain officers and directors, which cliff vest months from the date of grant. The weighted average fair value of the restricted stock granted was per share. The restricted stock grant provides the recipient with voting rights from the date of issuance. Dividends paid on these restricted shares during the restriction period are converted into additional shares of restricted stock on the date the cash dividend would have otherwise been paid, but do not vest until the related grant of the restricted shares complete their vesting. The Compensation Committee has discretion to elect to pay such dividends in cash to participants. Voting rights accrue from date of issuance of these shares. Wesbanco also granted shares of performance-based restricted stock PBRS to select officers. These shares have a performance period, beginning January 1, 2023, based on Wesbanco s return on average assets and return on average tangible common equity measured for each year, compared to a national peer group of financial institutions with total assets between approximately billion and billion. Earned performance-based restricted shares are subject to additional service-based vesting with vesting on May 18, 2026 after the completion of the three-year performance period and the final vesting on May 18, 2027. For the 2018, 2019 and 2020 PBRS, the third, second and first year reporting periods, respectively, achieved of the performance goal measured at December 31, 2021. The Compensation Committee approved these goal achievements in May of 2022, and Wesbanco issued time-based restricted shares to the select officers of the 2018 grant, of which shares vested on May 16, 2022 and the remaining shares will vest on May 16, 2023. For the 2019 PBRS awards, Wesbanco issued shares to the select officers of which will vest on May 15, 2023 and on May 15, 2024. For the 2020 PBRS awards, Wesbanco issued shares of time based restricted shares to the select officers of which will vest on May 27, 2024 and the remaining will vest on May 27, 2025. On February 25, 2021, the Incentive Plan was amended to adjust the performance goal to and approve a pro-rata award based on the achievement between through , as the award will be prorated to the percentage achieved. Dividends accrue on the restricted shares once the performance objective is achieved and then are converted into additional shares of restricted stock on the date the cash dividend would have otherwise been paid, but do not vest until the related grant of the restricted shares complete their vesting. Voting rights accrue upon achievement of the performance objective. Compensation expense relating to all restricted stock was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 , the total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock grants totaled million, with a weighted average expense recognition period of years remaining. 

Granted during the year 

Vested during the year 

() 

Forfeited or expired during the year 

() 

Dividend reinvestment 

Non-vested at end of the year 

Total Shareholder Return Plan On November 18, 2015, Wesbanco s Compensation Committee adopted Administrative Rules for a Total Shareholder Return Plan TSRP ). The TSRP measures the TSR on Wesbanco common stock over a measurement period relative to the return of an established peer group of publicly traded companies over the same performance period. The award is determined at the end of the period if the TSR of Wesbanco common stock is equal to or greater than the 50th percentile of the TSR of the peer group. The number of shares to be earned by the participant shall be of the grant-date award if the TSR of Wesbanco common stock is equal to or greater than the 75th percentile of the TSR of the peer group. Upon achieving the market-based metric, shares determined to be earned by the participant become service-based and vest in three equal annual installments. Voting rights accrue at such time as well. Wesbanco granted TSRP shares in 2022 for the performance period beginning January 1, 2022 and ending December 31, 2024 to certain executive officers. The fair value of the market-based awards is based on a Monte-Carlo Simulation valuation of our common stock and our peers common stock as of the grant date. Based on the calculation of shareholder return over the measurement period beginning January 1, 2020 and ending December 31, 2022 , Wesbanco stock performance measured at the 55th percentile when compared to peer calculations of shareholder return, which exceeds the target of the 50th percentile. Therefore, in the first quarter of 2023, approximately shares relating to the 2020 TSR grant will be issued as service-based shares since the share awards are based on the pro-rata between the 50th percentile and the 75th percentile. These shares will vest in three installments of shares in 2023, 2024 and 2025. Compensation expense relating to the TSR plans was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The grant date fair value of the 2022 TSR award was per share. At December 31, 2022 , the total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested TSR awards totaled million with a weighted average expense recognition period of years remaining. 

 116 

WesMark fees 

Total trust fees 

Service charges on deposits 

Commercial banking fees 

Personal service charges 

Total service charges on deposits 

Net securities brokerage revenue 

Annuity commissions 

Equity and debt security trades 

Managed money 

Trail commissions 

Total net securities brokerage revenue 

Debit card sponsorship income (1) 

Payment processing fees (1) 

Electronic banking fees 

Mortgage banking income 

Net gain on other real estate owned and other assets (2) 

(1) Debit card sponsorship income and payment processing fees are included in other non-interest income. 

 (2) The portion of this line item relating to the sale and change in the fair value of the underlying investments funded by Wesbanco CDC is not within the scope of ASC 606, and totaled (losses) gains of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

Consulting, regulatory and advisory fees 

ATM and electronic banking interchange expenses 

Postage and courier expenses 

Supplies 

Legal fees 

Communications 

Other real estate owned and foreclosure expenses 

() 

Other 

Total other operating expenses 

117 

. Wesbanco s net operating losses had previously been recorded at the current statutory rate of . As a result of the CARES Act, Wesbanco recorded an income tax benefit of million in 2020 in recognition of the rate differential between the current statutory rate and the rate in effect for which year the net operating loss will be carried back. 

Net tax-exempt interest income on securities and loans of state and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

() 

State income taxes, net of federal tax effect 

Bank-owned life insurance 

() 

() 

() 

General business credits 

() 

() 

() 

All other net 

Effective tax rate 

State 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

State 

() 

Total 

() 

Compensation and benefits 

Security gains 

Non-accrual interest income 

Partnership adjustments 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Fair value adjustments on securities available-for-sale 

Lease accrual 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

() 

Accretion on securities 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred fees and costs 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase accounting adjustments 

() 

() 

() 

Compensation and benefits 

() 

Fair value adjustments on securities available-for-sale 

() 

Partnership adjustments 

() 

() 

Lease - right of use assets 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

valuation allowance was established for any deferred tax assets, since management believes that deferred tax assets are likely to be realized through future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and future taxable income. As a result of the acquisition of YCB in 2016 and OLBK in 2019, Wesbanco has federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards of million, which expire beginning in and ; respectively. Wesbanco has Maryland NOL carryforwards of million, which begin expiring in . Wesbanco has Kentucky NOL carryforwards of million, which begin expiring in . The use of the federal NOL and other carryforwards are limited by Internal Revenue Code Section 382, but they are currently expected to be utilized before their respective expiration dates. As a result of the previous acquisitions of YCB, ESB Financial Corporation, Fidelity Bancorp, Inc., Western Ohio Financial Corporation, Winton Financial Corporation and Oak Hill Financial, Inc., retained earnings at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 included million of qualifying and non-qualifying tax bad debt reserves existing as of December 31, 1987, upon which provision for income taxes has been recorded. The related amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability is million for 2022 and million for 2021. If this portion of retained earnings is used in the future for any purpose other than to absorb bad debts, it would be added to future taxable income. Federal and state income taxes applicable to securities transactions totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Wesbanco had million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 , million of these tax benefits would affect the effective tax rate if recognized. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions was immaterial. Wesbanco provides for interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as part of its provision for federal and state income taxes. Wesbanco is subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as to tax in various state income tax jurisdictions. Wesbanco and its prior acquired companies are no longer subject to any income tax examinations for years prior to . Unrecognized Tax Benefits 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year 

Reductions due to the statute of limitations 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

Other real estate owned and repossessed assets: Other real estate owned and repossessed assets are carried at the lower of the investment in the assets or the fair value of the assets less estimated selling costs. The use of independent appraisals and management s best judgment are significant inputs in arriving at the fair value measure of the underlying collateral. Therefore, other real estate owned and repossessed assets are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in the table below are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the statements of financial position. 

Available-for-sale debt securities: 

U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies 

Residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of government sponsored entities and agencies 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of government sponsored entities and agencies 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions 

Corporate debt securities 

Total available-for-sale debt securities 

Loans held for sale 

Other assets interest rate derivatives agreements 

Total assets recurring fair value measurements 

Other liabilities interest rate derivatives agreements 

Total liabilities recurring fair value measurements 

Nonrecurring fair value measurements 

Collateral dependent loans 

Other real estate owned and repossessed assets 

Total nonrecurring fair value measurements 

December 31, 2021 

Fair Value Measurements Using: 

(in thousands) 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (level 3) 

Recurring fair value measurements 

Equity securities 

Available-for-sale debt securities: 

U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies 

Residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of government sponsored entities and agencies 

Commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of government sponsored entities and agencies 

Obligations of state and political subdivisions 

Corporate debt securities 

Total available-for-sale debt securities 

Loans held for sale 

Other assets interest rate derivatives agreements 

Total assets recurring fair value measurements 

Other liabilities interest rate derivatives agreements 

Total liabilities recurring fair value measurements 

Nonrecurring fair value measurements 

Collateral dependent loans 

Other real estate owned and repossessed assets 

Total nonrecurring fair value measurements 

Wesbanco s policy is to recognize transfers between levels as of the actual date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer. There were significant transfers between levels 1, 2, or 3 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Appraisal of collateral (1) 
 
 Appraisal adjustments (2) 
 
 / 

Liquidation expenses (2) 
 
 )/( 

Other real estate owned and repossessed assets 

Appraisal of collateral (1) (3) 

December 31, 2021: 

Collateral dependent loans 

Appraisal of collateral (1) 
 
 Appraisal adjustments (2) 
 
 / 

Liquidation expenses (2) 
 
 )/( 

Other real estate owned and repossessed assets 

Appraisal of collateral (1)(3) 

(1) Fair value is generally determined through independent appraisals of the underlying collateral, which generally include various level 3 inputs, which are not identifiable. 

 (2) Appraisals may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated liquidation expenses. The range and weighted average of appraisal adjustments and liquidation expenses are presented as a percent of the appraisal. 

 (3) Includes estimated liquidation expenses and numerous dissimilar qualitative adjustments by management which are not identifiable. 

Equity securities 

Available-for-sale debt securities 

Held-to-maturity debt securities 

Net loans 

Loans held for sale 

Other assets interest rate derivatives 

Accrued interest receivable 

Financial Liabilities 

Deposits 

Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 

Other borrowings 

Subordinated debt and junior subordinated debt 

Other liabilities interest rate derivatives 

Accrued interest payable 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Carrying Amount 

Fair Value Estimate 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (level 3) 

Financial Assets 

Cash and due from banks 

Equity securities 

Available-for-sale debt securities 

Held-to-maturity debt securities 

Net loans 

Loans held for sale 

Other assets interest rate derivatives 

Accrued interest receivable 

Financial Liabilities 

Deposits 

Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings 

Other borrowings 

Junior subordinated debt 

Other liabilities interest rate derivatives 

Accrued interest payable 

The following methods and assumptions were used to measure the fair value of financial instruments recorded at cost on Wesbanco s consolidated balance sheets: Cash and due from banks: The carrying amount for cash and due from banks is a reasonable estimate of fair value. Held-to-maturity debt securities: Fair values for debt securities held-to-maturity are determined in the same manner as investment securities, which are described above. Net loans: Fair values for loans are estimated using a discounted cash flow methodology. The discount rates take into account interest rates currently being offered to customers for loans with similar terms, the credit risk associated with the loan and other market factors, including liquidity. Wesbanco believes the discount rates are consistent with transactions occurring in the marketplace for both performing and distressed loan types. The carrying value is net of the allowance for loan losses and other associated premiums and discounts. Due to the significant judgment involved in evaluating credit quality, loans are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Accrued interest receivable: The carrying amount of accrued interest receivable approximates its fair value . Deposits: The carrying amount is considered a reasonable estimate of fair value for demand, savings and other variable rate deposit accounts. The fair value of fixed maturity certificates of deposit is estimated by a discounted cash flow method using rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings: The fair value of FHLB borrowings is based on rates currently available to Wesbanco for borrowings with similar terms and remaining maturities. Other borrowings: The carrying amount of federal funds purchased and overnight sweep accounts generally approximate fair value. Other repurchase agreements are based on quoted market prices if available. If market prices are not available, for certain fixed and adjustable rate repurchase agreements, then quoted market prices of similar instruments are used. Subordinated debt and junior subordinated debt: The fair value of subordinated debt is estimated using discounted cash flow analyses based on the current borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. Due to the pooled nature of junior subordinated debt owed to unconsolidated subsidiary trusts, which are not actively traded, estimated fair value is based on recent similar transactions of single-issuer trust preferred securities. Accrued interest payable: The carrying amount of accrued interest payable approximates its fair value. Off-balance sheet financial instruments: Off-balance sheet financial instruments consist of commitments to extend credit, including letters of credit. Fair values for commitments to extend credit are estimated using the fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the present credit standing of the counterparties. The estimated fair value of the commitments to extend credit and letters of credit are insignificant and therefore are not presented in the above tables. 

 124 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income/(loss) before reclassifications 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) 

Period change 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Other comprehensive income/(loss) before reclassifications 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) 

() 

Period change 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

Other comprehensive income/(loss) before reclassifications 

() 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) 

() 

() 

Period change 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

(1) All amounts are net of tax. Related income tax expense or benefit is calculated using a combined Federal and State income tax rate approximating in all periods presented. 

() 

() 
 
 Net securities gains (Non-interest income) 

Related income tax (benefit) expense 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

Net effect on accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period 

() 

() 

Securities held-to-maturity (1): 

Amortization of unrealized gain transferred from available-for-sale 

() 
 
 Interest and dividends on securities (Interest and dividend income) 

Related income tax expense 

Provision for income taxes 

Net effect on accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period 

() 

Defined benefit plans (2): 

Amortization of net loss and prior service costs 

Employee benefits (Non-interest expense) 

Related income tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Provision for income taxes 

Net effect on accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period 

Total reclassifications for the period 

(1) For additional detail related to unrealized gains on securities and related amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income see Note 3, Securities. 

 (2) Included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 12, Employee Benefit Plans for additional detail. 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by banks to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including normal business activities, bond financing and similar transactions. Letters of credit are considered guarantees. The liability associated with letters of credit was million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Contingent obligations to purchase loans funded by other entities include affordable housing plan guarantees, credit card guarantees, loans sold with recourse as well as obligations to the FHLB. Affordable housing plan guarantees are performance guarantees for various building project loans. The guarantee amortizes as the loan balances decrease. Credit card guarantees are credit card balances not owned by Wesbanco, whereby the Bank guarantees the performance of the cardholder. 

Loans approved but not closed 

Overdraft limits 

Letters of credit 

Contingent obligations and other guarantees 

Contingent Liabilities Wesbanco is a party to various legal and administrative proceedings and claims. While any litigation contains an element of uncertainty, management does not believe that a material loss related to such proceedings or claims pending or known to be threatened is reasonably possible. 

 million of New Markets Tax Credits NMTC all of which had been invested in WBCDC at December 31, 2022 . The NMTC program is administered by the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund of the U.S. Treasury and is aimed at stimulating economic and community development and job creation in low-income communities. The program provides federal tax credits to investors who make qualified equity investments QEIs in a CDE. The CDE is required to invest the proceeds of each QEI in low-income communities, which are generally defined as those census tracts with poverty rates greater than and/or median family incomes that are less than or equal to of the area median family income. The credit provided to the investor totals of each QEI in a CDE and is claimed over a credit allowance period. In each of the first three years, the investor receives a credit equal to of the total amount the investor paid to the CDE for each QEI. For each of the remaining four years, the investor receives a credit equal to of the total amount the investor paid to the CDE for each QEI. As of December 31, 2022 , Wesbanco has received million in tax credits over the seven-year credit allowance periods for its million NMTC authority invested in WBCDC. Wesbanco is eligible to receive an additional million in tax credits with respect to aggregate QEI amounts invested over their remaining credit allowance period. Wesbanco Bank recognized million, million and million in NMTC in its income tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These tax credits are subject to certain general business tax credit limitations and are therefore limited in deductibility on Wesbanco s federal income tax return. As of December 31, 2022 , prior NMTC has been carried forward to future tax years. The NMTC claimed by Wesbanco Bank with respect to each QEI remain subject to recapture over each QEI s credit allowance period upon the occurrence of any of the following: if less than substantially all (generally defined as of the QEI proceeds are not used by WBCDC to make qualified low-income community investments; 

 WBCDC ceases to be a CDE; or 

 WBCDC redeems its QEI investment prior to the end of the current credit allowance periods. 

 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, none of the above recapture events had occurred, nor in the opinion of management are such events anticipated to occur in the foreseeable future. Approximately half of the tax credits are no longer subject to recapture. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, WBCDC recognized net (losses) gains of million and million on an investment that it made in a start-up firm more than ten years ago that was acquired in 2021 by a public company. This gain is reported on the Consolidated Income Statements within net gain (loss) on other real estate owned and other assets. The following condensed financial statements summarize the financial position of WBCDC as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022: BALANCE SHEET 

Loans, net of allowance for credit losses of million 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities 

Shareholder Equity 

Total Liabilities and Shareholder Equity 

STATEMENT OF INCOME 

Total interest income 

Provision for credit losses 

() 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses 

Loss on investments 

() 

Non-interest expense 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

() 

Net income 

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

Provision for credit losses 

() 

Loss on investments 

Net change in other assets 

() 

Net change in other liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

Investing Activities 

Increase in loans 

() 

Proceeds from sale of investments 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

Financing Activities 

Qualified equity investment by parent company 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

128 

million, million and million as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During 2022 , million in related party loans were funded and million were repaid or no longer related. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , ne of the outstanding related party loans were past due days or more, on non-accrual, or considered to be a TD R. 

 million from Wesbanco Bank. Wesbanco Bank is also required to maintain non-interest bearing reserve balances with the Federal Reserve Bank. The Bank did t have a reserve requirement during 2022 or 2021. Additionally, Wesbanco and Wesbanco Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements (risk-based capital ratios) administered by federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by the regulators that, if undertaken, could have a material adverse effect on Wesbanco s financial results. All bank holding companies and banking subsidiaries are required to have common equity Tier 1 CET1 of at least , core capital Tier 1 of at least of risk-weighted assets, total capital of at least of risk-weighted assets, and a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio of . Tier 1 capital consists principally of shareholders equity; excluding items recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, less goodwill and other intangibles. Total capital consists of Tier 1 capital plus the allowance for loan losses, subject to limitation, and trust preferred securities. The regulations also define well-capitalized levels of CET1, Tier 1 risk-based capital, total risk-based capital, and Tier 1 leverage capital as , , , and , respectively. Wesbanco and Wesbanco Bank were categorized as well-capitalized under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act at December 31, 2022 and 2021. There are no conditions or events since December 31, 2022 that management believes have changed Wesbanco s well-capitalized category. The Basel III capital standards, effective January 1, 2015 with a phase-in period ending January 1, 2019, establishes the minimum capital levels required under the Dodd-Frank Act, permanently grandfathers trust preferred securities as Tier 1 capital issued before May 19, 2010 for bank holding companies under billion, and increases the capital required for certain categories of assets. A capital conservation buffer is also added to minimum capital standards that is required to be met to avoid restrictions on dividends, share repurchases, certain incentives and other restrictions. Including this capital conservation buffer, minimum levels of CET1, Tier 1 risk-based capital and total risk-based capital are defined as , and , respectively. Wesbanco currently has million in junior subordinated debt in its Consolidated Balance Sheets presented as a separate category of long-term debt. For regulatory purposes, trust preferred securities totaling million, issued by unconsolidated trust subsidiaries of Wesbanco underlying such junior subordinated debt, are considered Tier 2 capital in accordance with current regulatory reporting requirements, as Wesbanco had total consolidated assets above billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Also, in March of 2022, Wesbanco completed the issuance of million in aggregate principal amount of subordinated debentures. The subordinated debentures have a fixed rate of for the first five years and a floating rate for the next five years at Three Month SOFR plus a spread of . On March 26, 2020, regulators issued interim financial rule IFR Regulatory Capital Rule: Revised Transition of the Current Expected Losses Methodology for Allowances in response to the disrupted economic activity from the spread of COVID-19. The IFR provides financial institutions that adopt CECL during 2020 with the option to delay for the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital, followed by a transition period to phase out the aggregate amount of the capital benefit provided by the initial two-year delay transition ). Wesbanco adopted CECL effective January 1, 2020 and elected to implement the five year transition. Regulatory capital levels without the capital benefit at December 31, 2022 for both the Bank and Wesbanco would have continued to be greater than the amounts needed to be considered well capitalized , as the capital benefit approximated to basis points for three of the four regulatory ratios, while total risk-based capital would have been slightly higher without the transition. 

Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 

Total capital to risk-weighted assets 

Common equity Tier 1 

Wesbanco Bank, Inc. 

Tier 1 leverage 

Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 

Total capital to risk-weighted assets 

Common equity Tier 1 

(1) Minimum requirements to remain adequately capitalized. 

 (2) Well-capitalized under prompt corrective action regulations. 

Investment in subsidiaries Bank 

Investment in subsidiaries Nonbank 

Securities available-for-sale, at fair value 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES 

Subordinated debt and junior subordinated debt 

Dividends payable and other liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Dividends from subsidiaries Nonbank 

Income from securities 

() 

Other income 

Total income 

Interest expense 

Other expense 

Total expense 

Income before income tax benefit and undistributed net income of subsidiaries 

Income tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Income before undistributed net income of subsidiaries 

Equity in undistributed net income (excess dividends) of subsidiaries 

() 

Net income 

Preferred stock dividends 

NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 

The details of other comprehensive income and accumulated other comprehensive income are included in the consolidated financial statements. 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

(Equity in undistributed net income) excess dividends of subsidiaries 

() 

() 

Decrease (increase) in other assets 

() 

Net securities losses 

Other net 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sales securities available-for-sale 

Acquisitions and additional capitalization of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Repayment of subordinated and junior subordinated debt 

() 

() 

Issuance of subordinated debt 

Issuance of common stock 

Issuance of preferred stock 

Treasury shares purchased net 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends paid to common and preferred shareholders 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

131 

reportable segments: (i) Community Banking and (ii) Trust and Investment Services. Wesbanco s community banking segment offers services traditionally offered by full-service commercial banks, including commercial demand, individual demand and time deposit accounts, as well as commercial, mortgage and individual installment loans, and certain non-traditional offerings, such as insurance and securities brokerage services. The trust and investment services segment offers trust services as well as various alternative investment products including mutual funds. The market value of assets of the trust and investment services segment was approximately billion, billion and billion as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These assets are held by Wesbanco, in fiduciary or agency capacities for their customers and therefore are not included as assets on Wesbanco s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for credit losses 

() 

() 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses 

Non-interest income 

Non-interest expense 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net income available to common shareholders 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Interest and dividend income 

Interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for credit losses 

() 

() 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses 

Non-interest income 

Non-interest expense 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net income available to common shareholders 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Interest and dividend income 

Interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for credit losses 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses 

Non-interest income 

Non-interest expense 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net income available to common shareholders 

Total non-fiduciary assets of the trust and investment services segment were million (including million of trust customer intangibles), million and million at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. All other assets, including goodwill and the remainder of other intangible assets, were allocated to the Community Banking segment. 

 132 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCO UNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Wesbanco s management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of Wesbanco s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based upon that evaluation, the chief executive officer along with the chief financial officer concluded that Wesbanco s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, are effective in timely alerting them to material information relating to Wesbanco (including its consolidated subsidiaries) required to be included in Wesbanco s periodic filings under the Exchange Act. 
 No changes in Wesbanco's internal control over financial reporting have occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Wesbanco's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management s Report on internal control over financial reporting and the audit report of Ernst Young LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, on internal control over financial reporting is included within this report at the beginning of Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and is incorporated in this Item 9A by reference. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHE R INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITE M 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not Applicable. 
 133 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this Item 10 is incorporated by reference to the applicable information in our Proxy Statement set forth under the headings Election of Directors, Nominees, Continuing Directors, Executive Officers of the Corporation, Corporate Governance, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports and Audit Committee and certain other sections. 
 CODE OF ETHICS 
 Wesbanco has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including Wesbanco s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller and other executive officers. Wesbanco s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics can be found posted on our website at http://www.wesbanco.com in the About Us section under Investor Relations under Governance Documents . Wesbanco intends to disclose any changes or amendments to or waivers from Wesbanco's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on its website. 
 Wesbanco will provide a printed copy, free of charge, of Wesbanco s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to any shareholder requesting such information. To obtain a copy of Wesbanco s Code of Ethics, contact: John Iannone, Wesbanco, Inc., 1 Bank Plaza, Wheeling, WV 26003. (304) 905-7021 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the applicable information in our Proxy Statement set forth under the headings Summary Compensation Table, Meetings of Board of Directors and Committees and Compensation of Members, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, Compensation Committee Report, Compensation Discussion and Analysis and certain other sections. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OW NERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item 12 (other than the information provided below under the heading Equity Compensation Plan Information) is incorporated by reference to the applicable information in our Proxy Statement set forth under the headings Ownership of Securities by Directors, Nominees and Officers and Beneficial Owners of More Than 5 of the Common Stock of the Corporation. 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 

Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options 

Number of securities remaining for future issuance under equity compensation plans 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

812,090 

31.83 

1,468,140 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 
 None 

None 

None 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATE D TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the applicable information in our Proxy Statement set forth under the headings Transactions with Directors and Officers and Election of Directors. Additional information concerning related party transactions is set forth in the Annual Report under Note 20, Transactions with Related Parties in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOU NTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the applicable information in our Proxy Statement set forth under the heading Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 134 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINA NCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (A) CERTAIN DOCUMENTS FILED AS PART OF THE FORM 10-K 
 (1) CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: Reference is made to Part II Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES: No financial statement schedules are being filed since the required information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements or related Notes. 
 (3) EXHIBIT LISTING Exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are filed herein or are incorporated by reference. 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 135 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit Number 
 Document 
 
 Location 

3.1 
 Bylaws of Wesbanco, Inc. (As Amended and Restated May 4, 2021). 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 6, 2021. 

3.2 
 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Wesbanco, Inc., dated August 27, 2015, increasing authorized common shares from 50,000,000 to 100,000,000 and restated Articles of Incorporation. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Form 10-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2020. 

3.3 
 Articles of Amendment to the Restated Articles of Incorporation of Wesbanco, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2020. 

4.1 
 Specimen Certificate of Wesbanco, Inc. Common Stock. (P) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to a prior Registration Statement on Form S-4 under Registration No. 33-42157 filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 9, 1991. 

4.2 
 Junior Subordinated Indenture dated June 19, 2003 entered into between Wesbanco, Inc., as issuer and The Bank of New York, as Trustee and Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Wesbanco, Inc. Capital Trust II. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 13, 2003. 

4.3 
 Indenture dated June 26, 2003 entered into between Wesbanco, Inc., as issuer and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee and Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Wesbanco, Inc. Capital Statutory Trust III. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 13, 2003. 

4.4 
 Indenture dated June 17, 2004 entered into between Wesbanco, Inc., as issuer and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee and Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Wesbanco Capital Trust IV dated June 17, 2004. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 9, 2004. 

4.5 
 Indenture dated June 17, 2004 entered into between Wesbanco, Inc., as issuer and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee and Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Wesbanco Capital Trust V dated June 17, 2004. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 9, 2004. 

4.6 
 Indenture dated March 17, 2005 entered into between Wesbanco, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee and Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of Wesbanco Capital Trust VI dated March 17, 2005. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2005. 

4.7 
 Description of Securities. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 of Form 10-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2021. 

4.8 
 Deposit Agreement, dated August 11, 2020, by and among Wesbanco, Inc., Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. acting jointly as the depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described therein. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2020. 

4.9 
 Specimen of Certificate representing the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2020. 

4.10 
 Form of Depositary Receipt. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2020. 

136 

4.11 
 Indenture, dated March 23, 2022, by and between Wesbanco, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23, 2022. 

4.12 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated March 23, 2022, by and between Wesbanco, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23, 2022. 

4.13 
 Form of 3.75 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due 2032. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 23, 2022. 

10.1 
 Wesbanco, Inc. Incentive Bonus, Option and Restricted Stock Plan as adopted February 13, 1998 and as amended and restated February 25, 2010, February 23, 2017 and February 25, 2021. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 21, 2021. 

10.2 
 Letter Agreement and Committed Line of Credit Note, dated September 5, 2014, between Wesbanco, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 8, 2014. 

10.3 
 Wesbanco, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan For Directors and Eligible Employees (as amended). 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2006. 

10.4 
 Form of Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement by and between Wesbanco, Inc., Wesbanco Bank, Inc., Michael L. Perkins and Jayson M. Zatta. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 28, 2006. 

10.5 
 Form of Wesbanco, Inc. Incentive Bonus, Option Restricted Stock Plan Stock Option Agreement. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 30, 2010. 

10.6 
 Form of Wesbanco, Inc. Incentive Bonus, Option Restricted Stock Plan Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 30, 2010. 

10.7 
 Form of Change in Control Agreement by and between Wesbanco, Inc., Wesbanco Bank, Inc., and Anthony F. Pietranton. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 5, 2013. 

10.8 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated April 24, 2014, by and between Wesbanco Bank, Inc., Todd F. Clossin and Wesbanco, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 24, 2014. 

10.9 
 Restricted Stock Agreement by and between Wesbanco, Inc. and Todd F. Clossin. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 24, 2013. 

10.10 
 Wesbanco, Inc. KSOP, Amended and Restated, effective January 1, 2014. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2015. 

10.11 
 First Amendment to the Wesbanco, Inc. KSOP, effective January 1, 2014. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2015. 

10.12 
 Second Amendment to the Wesbanco, Inc. KSOP, effective January 1, 2014. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2015. 

10.13 
 Form of Employment Agreement by and between Wesbanco Bank, Inc., Wesbanco Inc., and executive officers (effective date): Jayson M. Zatta (effective March 1, 2015) and Anthony F. Pietranton (effective January 9, 2015) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 30, 2015. 

137 

10.14 
 Wesbanco, Inc. Administrative Rules for the Total Shareholder Return Plan. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 24, 2015. 

10.15 
 Form of Wesbanco, Inc. Incentive Bonus, Option Restricted Stock Plan Total Shareholder Return Agreement. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2016. 

10.16 
 Third Amendment to the Wesbanco, Inc. KSOP, effective September 9, 2016. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2018. 

10.17 
 Form of Wesbanco, Inc. Incentive Bonus, Option Restricted Stock Plan Performance Restricted Stock Agreement. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 31, 2017. 

10.18 
 Fourth Amendment to the Wesbanco, Inc. KSOP effective April 1, 2018. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2019. 

10.19 
 Fifth Amendment to the Wesbanco, Inc. KSOP effective August 20, 2018. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2019. 

10.20 
 Sixth Amendment to the Wesbanco, Inc. KSOP effective January 1, 2020. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2020. 

10.21 
 Seventh Amendment to the Wesbanco, Inc. KSOP effective November 22, 2019. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2020. 

10.22 
 Employment Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and between Wesbanco Bank, Inc., Daniel K. Weiss, Jr. and Wesbanco, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 17, 2021. 

10.23 
 Change in Control Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and between Wesbanco Bank, Inc., Daniel K. Weiss, Jr. and Wesbanco, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 17, 2021. 

10.24 
 Employment Agreement, dated February 16, 2022, by and between Wesbanco Bank, Inc., Michael L. Perkins and Wesbanco, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 2022. 

10.25 
 Employment Agreement, dated July 5, 2022, by and between Wesbanco Bank, Inc., Jeffrey H. Jackson and Wesbanco, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 5, 2022. 

10.26 
 Change in Control Agreement, dated July 5, 2022, by and between Wesbanco Bank, Inc., Jeffrey H. Jackson and Wesbanco, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 5, 2022. 

10.27 
 Amendment to Loan Documents between Wesbanco, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2022. 

10.28 
 Amended and Restated Revolving Line of Credit Note between Wesbanco, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association. 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 29, 2022. 

138 

11 
 Computation of Earnings Per Common Share. 
 
 Computation of earnings per common share is set forth under Note 2, Earnings Per Common Share of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

21 
 Significant Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Ernst Young LLP. 

24 
 Power of Attorney. 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e). 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e). 

32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 
 Indicates management compensatory plan, contract, or arrangement 
 Filed electronically 
 (P) Paper F iled 
 139 

S IGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the Requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 27, 2023. 

WESBANCO, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Todd F. Clossin 

Todd F. Clossin 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated, on February 27, 2023. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Todd F. Clossin 

Todd F. Clossin 

President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 
 /s/ Daniel K. Weiss, Jr. 

Daniel K. Weiss, Jr. 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

By: 
 
 /s/ Christopher V. Criss 

Christopher V. Criss 

Chairman of the Board 

The Directors of Wesbanco (listed below) executed a power of attorney appointing Todd F. Clossin their attorney-in-fact, empowering him to sign this report on their behalf. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Todd F. Clossin 

Todd F. Clossin 

Attorney-in-fact 

Rosie Allen-Herring 
 
 Gary L. Libs 

James W. Cornelsen 
 
 Jay T. McCamic 

Michael J. Crawford 
 
 F. Eric Nelson, Jr. 

Abigail M. Feinknopf 
 
 Gregory S. Proctor, Jr. 

Robert J. Fitzsimmons 
 
 Joseph R. Robinson 

Denise Knouse-Snyder 
 
 Kerry M. Stemler 

D. Bruce Knox 
 
 Reed J. Tanner 

Lisa A. Knutson 

140 

<EX-21>
 2
 wsbc-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

EXHIBIT 21 
 Significant Subsidiaries of Wesbanco, Inc. 
 (As of December 31, 2022) 

Subsidiaries 
 
 State of Incorporation 

Wesbanco, Inc. 
 
 West Virginia 

Wesbanco Bank, Inc. 
 
 West Virginia 

Wesbanco Insurance Services, Inc. 
 
 West Virginia 

Wesbanco Title Agency, LLC 
 
 Ohio 

THF, Inc. 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Wesbanco Asset Management, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Wesbanco Community Development Corp. 
 
 Ohio 

CBSI Development Fund, Inc. 
 
 Indiana 

AMSCO, Inc. 
 
 Pennsylvania 

Kentuckiana Real Estate Holdings, LLC 
 
 Indiana 

Southern Indiana Real Estate Holdings, LLC 
 
 Indiana 

FAH, LLC 
 
 Maryland 

WSB Realty, LLC 
 
 Maryland 

Flagship Acquisitions Trust 
 
 Maryland 

Wesbanco Properties, Inc. 
 
 West Virginia 

Wesbanco Securities, Inc. 
 
 Ohio 

Wesbanco Capital Trust II 
 
 Delaware 

Wesbanco Capital Statutory Trust III 
 
 Connecticut 

Wesbanco Capital Trust IV 
 
 Delaware 

Wesbanco Capital Trust V 
 
 Delaware 

Wesbanco Capital Trust VI 
 
 Delaware 

Oak Hill Capital Trust 2 
 
 Delaware 

Oak Hill Capital Trust 3 
 
 Delaware 

Oak Hill Capital Trust 4 
 
 Delaware 

Community Bank Shares (IN) Statutory Trust I 
 
 Indiana 

Community Bank Shares (IN) Statutory Trust II 
 
 Indiana 

First Federal Statutory Trust II 
 
 Kentucky 

CBIN Insurance, Inc. 
 
 Nevada 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 wsbc-ex23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

EXHIBIT 23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-239181) relating to the shelf registration of Wesbanco, Inc. debt securities, preferred stock, common stock, warrants, purchase contracts, units and depository shares, 

(2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-107736) relating to Wesbanco, Inc. s Key Executive Incentive Bonus and Option Plan, 

(3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-158749) relating to Wesbanco, Inc. s KSOP, 

(4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-166541) relating to Wesbanco, Inc. s Incentive Bonus, Option and Restricted Stock Plan, 

(5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-214620) relating to Wesbanco, Inc. s Deferred Compensation Plan, 

(6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-217398) relating to Wesbanco, Inc. s Incentive, Bonus, Option and Restricted Stock Plan, 

(7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-236741) relating to Wesbanco, Inc. s Deferred Compensation Plan, and 

(8) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-255443) relating to Wesbanco, Inc. s Incentive, Bonus, Option and Restricted Stock Plan; 

of our reports dated February 27, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Wesbanco, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Wesbanco, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Wesbanco, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 4
 wsbc-ex24.htm
 EX-24

EX-24 

EXHIBIT 24 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY FOR EXECUTION OF FORM 10-K 
 TO BE FILED WITH THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 We, the undersigned Directors of Wesbanco, Inc., hereby severally constitute and appoint Christopher V. Criss and/or Todd F. Clossin, and each of them singly, our true and lawful attorneys with full power to them, and each of them singly, to sign for us and in our names and in the capacities indicated below, the Annual Report of Wesbanco to the Securities Exchange Commission on Form 10-K to be filed for the year 2022 and any and all amendments thereto in our names and behalf in our capacities as Directors of Wesbanco to enable Wesbanco to comply with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby ratifying and conforming our signatures as they may be signed by our attorneys, or either of them, to said Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Power of Attorney for purposes of executing the Form 10-K of Wesbanco has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Rosie Allen-Herring 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Rosie Allen-Herring 

/s/ James W. Cornelsen 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

James W. Cornelsen 

/s/ Michael J. Crawford 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Michael J. Crawford 

/s/ Abigail M. Feinknopf 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Abigail M. Feinknopf 

/s/ Robert J. Fitzsimmons 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Robert J. Fitzsimmons 

/s/ Denise Knouse-Snyder 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Denise Knouse-Snyder 

/s/ D. Bruce Knox 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

D. Bruce Knox 

/s/ Lisa A. Knutson 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Lisa A. Knutson 

/s/ Gary L. Libs 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Gary L. Libs 

/s/ Jay T. McCamic 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Jay T. McCamic 

/s/ F. Eric Nelson, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

F. Eric Nelson, Jr. 

/s/ Gregory S. Proctor, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Gregory S. Proctor, Jr. 

/s/ Joseph R. Robinson 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Joseph R. Robinson 

/s/ Kerry M. Stemler 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Kerry M. Stemler 

/s/ Reed J. Tanner 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Reed J. Tanner 

</EX-24>

<EX-31>
 5
 wsbc-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 OF PERIODIC REPORT PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-15(e) or RULE 15d-15(e) 
 I, Todd F. Clossin, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Wesbanco, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 27, 2023 
 
 /s/ Todd F. Clossin 

Todd F. Clossin 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 wsbc-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 OF PERIODIC REPORT PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-15(e) or RULE 15d-15(e) 
 I, Daniel K. Weiss, Jr., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Wesbanco, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 27, 2023 
 
 /s/ Daniel K. Weiss, Jr. 

Daniel K. Weiss, Jr. 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 wsbc-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Wesbanco, Inc. on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 
 
 1. 	 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 2. 	 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of Wesbanco, Inc. 

Date: February 27, 2023 
 
 /s/ Todd F. Clossin 

Todd F. Clossin 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: February 27, 2023 
 
 /s/ Daniel K. Weiss, Jr. 

Daniel K. Weiss, Jr. 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

The forgoing certifications are being furnished solely pursuant to Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code in accordance with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 . 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 wsbc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 wsbc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 wsbc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 wsbc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 wsbc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

