<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1472091_0001140361-23-014279.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8096066</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>689922</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1961129</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2013927</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1741094</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1318538</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-014279.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328170223
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-014279
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PDS Biotechnology Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001472091
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				264231384
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37568
		FILM NUMBER:		23770417

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25B VREELAND ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			FLORHAM PARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07932
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-208-3343

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		25B VREELAND ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			FLORHAM PARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07932

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Edge Therapeutics, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090911

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-014279.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 brhc10050281_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ________to ________

Commission file number 

oration

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices)

) 

(Registrant s telephone number)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405
 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging growth company

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
 new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
 control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
 included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
 compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (without admitting that any person whose shares are not
 included in such calculation is an affiliate) of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, was (based on the closing price for
 shares of the registrant s common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market on that date).

The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.00033 per share, outstanding as of March 21, 2023 was .

Documents Incorporated By Reference

Portions of registrant s definitive proxy statement relating to registrant s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement to be filed
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the close of the registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 Except with respect to information specifically incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Proxy Statement is not deemed to be filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

PDS BIOTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION

FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

INDEX 

PAGE

PART I

Item 1

Business 

4

Item 1A

Risk Factors 

43 

Item 1B

Unresolved Staff Comments 

83 

Item 2

Properties 

83 

Item 3

Legal Proceedings 

83 

Item 4

Mine Safety Disclosures 

83 

PART II

Item 5

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuers Purchases of Equity Securities 

84 

Item 7

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

85 

Item 7A

Qualitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk 

97 

Item 8

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

97 

Item 9

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

97 

Item 9A

Controls and Procedures 

97 

Item 9B

Other Information 

98 

Item 9C

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

98 

PART III

Item 10

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

99 

Item 11

Executive Compensation 

99 

Item 12

Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

99 

Item 13

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

99 

Item 14

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

99 

PART IV

Item 15

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

99 

Item 16

Form 10-K Summary 

99 

Signatures 

103 

Index 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements (including within the meaning of Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended) concerning the Company and other matters. These statements may discuss goals, intentions and expectations as to future plans, trends, events, results of
 operations or financial condition, or otherwise, based on current beliefs of the Company s management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. Forward-looking statements generally include statements that
 are predictive in nature and depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, and include words such as may, will, should, would, expect, anticipate, plan, likely, believe, estimate, project, intend, forecast, 
 guidance , outlook and other similar expressions among others. Forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results could
 differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement as a result of various factors, including, without limitation.

the Company s ability to protect its intellectual property rights;

the Company s anticipated capital requirements, including the Company s anticipated cash runway and the Company s current expectations regarding its plans for future equity financings;

the Company s dependence on additional financing to fund its operations and complete the development and commercialization of its product candidates, and the risks that raising such additional capital may
 restrict the Company s operations or require the Company to relinquish rights to the Company s technologies or product candidates;

the Company s limited operating history in the Company s current line of business, which makes it difficult to evaluate the Company s prospects, the Company s business plan or the likelihood of the Company s
 successful implementation of such business plan;

the timing for the Company or its partners to initiate the planned clinical trials for PDS0101, PDS0103, PDS0203, PDS0301 and other Versamune , Versamune plus PDS0301 and Infectimune based products and the future success of such trials;

the successful implementation of the Company s research and development programs and collaborations, including any collaboration studies concerning PDS0101, PDS0301, PDS0203 and other Versamune and
 Infectimune based products and the Company s interpretation of the results and findings of such programs and collaborations and whether such results are sufficient to support the future success of the Company s product candidates;

the success, timing and cost of the Company s ongoing clinical trials and anticipated clinical trials for the Company s current product candidates, including statements regarding the timing of initiation,
 pace of enrollment and completion of the trials (including our ability to fully fund our disclosed clinical trials, which assumes no material changes to our currently projected expenses), futility analyses, presentations at conferences and
 data reported in an abstract, and receipt of interim results (including, without limitation, any preclinical results or data), which are not necessarily indicative of the final results of the Company s ongoing clinical trials;

expectations for the clinical and preclinical development, manufacturing, regulatory approval, and commercialization of our product candidates;

any Company statements about its understanding of product candidates mechanisms of action and interpretation of preclinical and early clinical results from its clinical development programs and any
 collaboration studies; the acceptance by the market of the Company s product candidates, if approved;

the timing of and the Company s ability to obtain and maintain U.S. Food and Drug Administration or other regulatory authority approval of, or other action with respect to, the Company s product candidates;
 and

other factors, including legislative, regulatory, political and economic developments not within the Company s control, including unforeseen circumstances or other disruptions to normal business operations arising
 from or related to COVID-19 and those listed under Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors.

Any forward-looking statements in this Annual Report reflect our current views with respect to future events or to our future financial performance and involve known and unknown
 risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Given
 these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, whether as a result of new
 information, future events or otherwise.

In this Annual Report, unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise indicates, references to PDS Biotech, the Company, we, us, our and similar references refer to PDS
 Biotechnology Corporation, a Delaware corporation.

3 

Index 

PART I

Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this report to PDS Biotech, Company, we, us, and our and similar designations refer to PDS
 Biotechnology Corporation and our subsidiary.

ITEM 1. 

Business

Company Overview

We are a clinical-stage immunotherapy company developing a growing pipeline of targeted cancer and infectious disease immunotherapies based on our proprietary Versamune , Versamune plus IL-12
 (PDS0301) and Infectimune T cell activating technology platforms. Our Versamune based products have demonstrated the potential to overcome the limitations of current immunotherapies by inducing, in vivo, large

quantities of high-quality, potent polyfunctional CD4 helper and CD8 killer T cells. We have developed multiple therapies, based on combinations of Versamune and disease-specific antigens, designed to train the immune system to recognize diseased
 cells and effectively attack and destroy them. We continue to advance our pipeline of candidates to address a wide range of cancers including HPV-positive cancers (anal, cervical, head and neck, penile, vaginal, vulvar) and breast, colon, lung
 prostate and ovarian cancers. Our Infectimune based vaccines have demonstrated the potential to induce, not only robust and durable neutralizing antibody response, but also powerful T cell responses including long-lasting memory T cell responses.
 Our infectious disease candidates are of potential interest primarily for use in universal influenza vaccines.

In June 2022, two abstracts were presented at the 2022 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting: Abstract number 6041, PDS0101 a novel type 1 interferon and CD8 T cell
 activating immunotherapy in combination with pembrolizumab in subjects with recurrent/metastatic HPV16-positive squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) and Abstract number 2518, Phase 2 evaluation of the combination of PDS0101, M9241, now PDS0301, and
 bintrafusp alfa with HPV16+ malignancies. Also in May 2022, we announced expansion of our VERSATILE-002 clinical trial into Europe and in June 2022, we announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had granted Fast Track designation to
 our lead candidate PDS0101 in combination with Merck s anti-PD-1 therapy, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). The FDA s Fast Track designation is designed to aid in the development and to expedite the review of drug candidate applications that would
 potentially treat serious or life-threatening conditions. In order to receive Fast Track designation, a product must also demonstrate the potential to address an unmet medical need. Treatments granted this designation are given the opportunity to
 have more frequent meetings with the FDA throughout the entire dug development and review process, with the goal of moving promising new drugs more rapidly through the process. It also provides the opportunity to submit sections of a New Drug
 Application (NDA) or Biologics License Application (BLA) on a rolling basis, where the FDA may review portions of the NDA or BLA as they are received instead of waiting for the entire NDA or BLA submission. In addition, Fast Track designated
 products are eligible for priority review at the time of NDA or BLA submission. In October 2022, we announced the successful end-of-phase 2 meeting with the FDA, in which we received feedback on a number of points, including guidance on key
 elements of the clinical program that will support the submission of a Biologics License Application (BLA).

In July 2022, we announced the presentation of universal flu vaccine preclinical data for PDS0202 at the 41 st American Society of Virology meeting: Abstract number 3733830, Infectimune enhances antibodies elicited by COBRA hemagglutinin influenza vaccine.

In November 2022, we announced the presentation of data from two Phase 2 clinical trials at the 37 th 
 Annual Meeting for the Society of Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC): Abstract number 674, IMMUNOCERV, an ongoing Phase 2 trial combining PDS0101, an HPV-specific T cell immunotherapy, with chemotherapy and radiation for treatment of locally
 advanced cervical cancers and Abstract number 695, Immune correlates associated with clinical benefit in patients with immune checkpoint refractory HPV-associated malignancies treated with triple combination immunotherapy.

In January 2023, we announced the exclusive global license agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany for the tumor targeting antibody conjugated IL-12, M9241 (formerly known as NHS-IL-12),
 which joined our pipeline as PDS0301. PDS0301 is a novel investigational tumor-targeting antibody conjugate of Interleukin 12 (IL-12) that enhances the proliferation, potency, infiltration and longevity of T cells in the tumor microenvironment and
 is designed to overcome tumor immune suppression utilizing a different mechanism from immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI). The ownership of these two assets we believe will streamline the registrational process and a use of the combination of Versamune and IL-12 is patented by PDS Biotech . In a Phase 2 National Cancer Institute (NCI)-led clinical trial in ICI refractory patients,
 the combination of PDS0101 and PDS0301 administered with an investigational bi-functional ICI resulted in a median overall survival of 21 months, which compares favorably to the historical median survival of 3-4 months seen with checkpoint
 inhibitors and best reported median survival to date with systemic therapy of 8.2 months in ICI refractory head and neck cancer. 

4 

Index 

In February 2023, we announced a successful completion of a Type B meeting with the FDA for the triple combination of PDS0101 and PDS0301 with an FDA-approved immune checkpoint
 inhibitor for the treatment of recurrent/metastatic, ICI refractory head and neck cancer that is positive for the human papilloma virus (HPV) type 16. In recent interactions with the FDA, we confirmed the required contents of a clinical protocol
 for the potential registrational trial.

The challenges to effective immunotherapy

The inability to generate adequate quantities of high-quality killer CD8 T cells, to minimize systemic toxicities, to overcome the immune system s tolerance of the cancer and to
 generate immunological memory, all limit the clinical effectiveness of immunotherapies. On a fundamental biological or immunological level, one of the most significant challenges facing the industry is the development of simple and easy to
 administer therapies that can effectively treat cancer with minimal side effects. Suboptimal activation of killer CD8 T cells remains a key limitation of immunotherapies. Potential hurdles exist at various stages of the immunological process,
 including poor uptake of the antigen by the dendritic cells as well as inadequate processing and presentation of the tumor antigen into the correct immunological pathways.

Cancer Immunotherapy

Cancer immunotherapy is a form of cancer treatment that utilizes the power of the body s own immune system to recognize, attack and eliminate cancer. The ultimate goal of
 cancer immunotherapy is to improve patient quality of life and to extend patient life by slowing down progression of the cancer, shrinkage of the tumors and in some cases eradication of the cancer. The body s immune system is a complex,
 biological network designed to defend against germs, other microscopic invaders, and cancer cells. Once the immune system recognizes an organism or cell as foreign or dangerous, it begins a series of complex reactions to identify, target and
 eliminate them. This process of events is referred to as mounting an immune response. Cancer immunotherapy takes advantage of the fact that most cancer cells express unique proteins, also called tumor antigens, not normally expressed by healthy
 cells that can be recognized by the immune system as abnormal. Because the immune system is precise, for the most part, a resulting immune response can target these dangerous cancer cells exclusively while sparing healthy cells. However, the
 challenge remains that cancer cells are able by various mechanisms to evade the immune system s surveillance, so the body becomes tolerant to them.

An ideal cancer immunotherapy should have the following attributes to maximize the opportunity for clinical effectiveness in patients. It should:

Stimulate both tumor-specific killer and helper T cells within the body

Activate, arm and expand large numbers of T cells that recognize the tumor

Alter or de-camouflage the tumor microenvironment (TME) to make the cancer more visible or susceptible to attack by the immune system

Generate immune memory, so that if the cancer cells return, the immune system can recognize and eliminate them

Optimize safety and tolerability by limiting systemic inflammation and toxicity

As stated in the June 2019 issue of The Journal of Immunology , a leading peer-reviewed journal in the field of immunology, our Versamune platform possesses each of these
 attributes, inducing potent anti-tumor responses in preclinical studies. (Gandhapudi, et al., J. Immunology, June 2019; Rumfield et al, J. Journal for ImmunoTherapy of Cancer, May 2020 ). We believe our
 Versamune technology platform is unique in its ability to successfully encompass the mechanistic attributes required to induce a safe and effective anti-cancer immune response.

How does cancer immunotherapy work?

An important function of the body s immune system is to scan for proteins not normally expressed in healthy tissue (antigens). Once an antigen has been identified as foreign,
 abnormal or dangerous, the antigen is presented to T cells, a type of white blood cell effective at eliminating cancer cells and infectious agents (e.g. bacteria and viruses). The presentation of an antigen to T cells is implemented primarily in
 the lymph nodes by specialized antigen presenting cells known as dendritic cells which are programmed specially to identify foreign antigens, process them and to present them to T cells. Unique proteins on the surface of dendritic cells, known as
 major histocompatibility complex (MHC) molecules, bind to the foreign antigen and display them on the cell surface for recognition by the appropriate T cells. Then, once presented, a sub-population of T cells known as the CD8 or killer T cells,
 are primed and respond to the specific foreign antigen by attacking and killing the cells containing the abnormal protein. Other T cell sub-populations, such as CD4 or helper T cells, are also critical in regulating immune responses.

5 

Index 

Cells communicate via chemical signaling. For an immune response to be triggered and to be effective, important immune signaling pathways must be activated to enable the body
 to induce messenger proteins known as cytokines and chemokines. Some of these cytokines and chemokines serve both to activate and expand T cells and to arm the T cells with the appropriate cancer-killing function.

An effective cancer immunotherapy must modulate these complex processes, enhancing activation and producing robust expansion of the critically important high-quality,
 tumor-specific T cell populations, most notably CD8 killer cells. As will be reviewed in more detail in the section below, the ability to promote the induction of therapeutic quantities of high-quality tumor-targeting CD8 killer T cells within a
 patient s own body has been a major limitation of cancer immunotherapy.

Production of adequate numbers of high-quality CD8 killer T cells alone, however, is insufficient to eradicate all cancer cells. One of the difficulties in treating cancer stems
 from the fact that cancer cells have the unique ability to evade the immune system; they camouflage themselves or suppress T cell attack by activating immune mechanisms that suppress the ability of T cells to detect or attack them. They accomplish
 this in part by increasing the population of immune suppressive cells, including cells known as regulatory T cells (Treg) as well as other cell types, within the tumor microenvironment. An effective immunotherapy must overcome the tumor s immune
 suppressive mechanisms in order to successfully locate and attack the cancer cells.

Finally, cancers can be difficult to cure because they may recur even after successful initial treatment due to micro-metastatic (hidden) tumors that are not completely
 eradicated after treatment and that eventually expand. It is yet another task of the immune system to remain vigilant over a sustained period to mitigate the risk of recurrence. Such vigilance may be mediated by memory T cells which serve as
 the immune system s long-term memory. To be durable and effective over an extended period after treatment, and to minimize the likelihood of cancer recurrence, an immunotherapy should enhance this immune function as well.

Versamune Platform

Versamune has shown the potential to overcome the challenges of immunotherapy

Versamune is a proprietary lipid nanoparticle and T cell activating platform designed to overcome the challenges of current immunotherapy and improve the treatment outcomes of
 patients with cancer. Versamune derived products are based on positively charged (cationic) and immune activating lipids that form spherical nanoparticles in aqueous media. These lipids include the R-enantiomer of
 1,2-dioleoyl-e-trimethyl-ammonium-propane (R-DOTAP). Cationic lipids are positively charged molecules that have a water-soluble portion (head group) attached to a water insoluble tail. The water-soluble portion of the molecule has a positive charge
 and the water-insoluble portion is made up of hydrocarbon (also called fatty acid) chains. The nanoparticles, which are coated with a positive charge, are deliberately sized to mimic viruses, facilitating detection by the body s immune system and
 uptake by dendritic cells.

To treat a specific cancer, the unique or overexpressed antigen found on the surface of the cancer cells is manufactured, then mixed with the Versamune nanoparticles to create a pharmaceutical
 product for simple subcutaneous injection.

6 

Index 

Versamune has the potential to promote dendritic cell update of antigens

One of the biggest challenges in developing a potent immunotherapy has been dendritic cell uptake. Versamune is designed specifically to be taken up by dendritic cells in the skin.
 As noted, Versamune nanoparticles are sized comparably to viruses normally taken up as part of the natural function of the dendritic cells, facilitating efficient uptake of the Versamune based immunotherapy. Studies evaluating the uptake of
 Versamune nanoparticles by dendritic cells and epithelial cells, found almost exclusive uptake by the dendritic cells. Four hours following a single subcutaneous injection, about 80 of the dendritic cells in the draining lymph node were found to
 have taken up the Versamune based immunotherapy.

Versamune has the potential to promote efficient antigen processing and T cell presentation

When dendritic cells take up Versamune nanoparticles they become activated, mature and begin recruiting additional dendritic cells. Once inside the dendritic cell, the
 tumor-associated antigen is released and processed into the requisite small peptides (pieces of protein) in the cell compartment known as the cytoplasm. An important potential advantage of Versamune is its ability to fuse with and destabilize
 endosomes in the cell, promoting efficient entry of the antigen into the cell compartment where processing can take place. Processed antigen is turned into peptides that then present in both the MHC class I and class II pathways. The MHC class I
 pathway is critical to programming CD8 killer T cells and the MHC class II pathway to programming CD4 helper T cells to recognize tumor antigens. When Versamune induced maturation occurs, the dendritic cells express costimulatory molecules on their
 surface, which facilitate the highly efficient uptake and presentation of antigens to the T cells. We believe this activity overcomes one of the most significant limitations of current immunotherapy development the efficient priming of critical
 CD8 killer T cells against tumor antigens. Versamune has been demonstrated to promote presentation of antigens to CD4 helper cells as well.

7 

Index 

Versamune has the potential to promote efficient activation and robust expansion of high quality polyfunctional CD8 killer T cells and CD4 helper in Lymph
 Nodes

Ultimately mature dendritic cells migrate into lymph nodes, small glands located throughout the body containing white blood cells including T cells, where much of the key
 immunological activity pertaining to the priming and expansion of T cells takes place. In the lymph nodes, the dendritic cells present the tumor antigens to T cells resulting in activation or priming of the T cells to recognize the particular
 antigen expressed by the cancer. Importantly, Versamune has also demonstrated the potential to upregulate type I interferon genes (type I IFN), which are responsible for critical immunological processes. Upregulation of type I IFN induces an
 important immunological protein called CD69 that facilitates interactions between the dendritic cell and T cells in the lymph nodes.

Upregulation of type I IFN signaling also induces multiple immune messenger proteins called cytokines and chemokines that further signal T cells to infiltrate into the lymph
 nodes. Powerful activators of CD8 killer T cells, such as CCL2 and CXCL10 are documented to be induced by Versamune as well. As the Versamune induced production of chemokines appears to be restricted to the lymph nodes, the site of T cell
 activation, it provides for both superior activation and expansion of CD8 killer T cells. Localization of these immune messengers within the lymph nodes and their limited presence in the blood circulation enhances the safety of the Versamune
 based immunotherapies. Thus, through the versality of its mechanisms of action, as understood to date, we believe that Versamune may safely promote the efficient and robust expansion in-vivo of large numbers of highly potent (polyfunctional) CD8
 killer T cells, both critical factors in developing a successful immunotherapy.

Versamune has the potential to overcome immune suppression

Regulatory T cells (Treg) are a sub-population of white blood cells normally responsible for recognizing normal healthy cells and for preventing autoimmune disease. In cancer
 however, they are utilized by the cancer cells to suppress immune detection. Versamune may contribute to significant alteration of the tumor microenvironment by dramatically reducing the Treg to killer CD8 T cell ratio thus making the tumors more
 susceptible to destruction by killer T cells. Preclinical studies have demonstrated that lowering the Treg to CD8 killer T cell ratio with polyfunctional CD8 killer and CD4 helper T cells promotes effective tumor lysis and regression. Overcoming
 a tumor s immune tolerance and minimizing its ability to evade detection is a significant goal of a successful cancer immunotherapy that together with potent T cell induction may translate to enhanced tumor elimination.

8 

Index 

In preclinical studies, Versamune (R-DOTAP) nanoparticles demonstrated a reduction in the Treg/CD8 T cell ratio

Results of Comparative Preclinical Testing of Versamune and Other Immunotherapies for the eradication of a Tumor

Using the tumor model, the Versamune based therapy was unique in its ability to reduce the tumor size and eventually completely regress the tumors. The results from the Versamune
 based treatment are attributed to its ability to induce: (i) powerful activation of the critical immunological signaling pathways, (ii) robust production of both CD8 killer and CD4 helper T cells, and (iii) the degradation of the tumor s protective
 immune suppression mechanism.

9 

Index 

Versamune has the potential to induce Immune Memory

Memory T cells allow the body to maintain tumor-recognizing and attacking T cells for an extended period after treatment, with the ideal outcome of reducing cancer recurrence.
 Preliminary studies demonstrated that Versamune protected mice that had experienced tumor regression against tumor reestablishment even when the mice were reinjected with the same tumor cells. This sustained protection was evidence of immune
 memory: persistence of antigen-specific T cells to recognize tumor proteins associated with a particular cancer, as the animals were not protected against establishment of different tumors. Evidence of the potential for Versamune based
 immunotherapies to induce immune memory was also demonstrated in a Phase 1 clinical trial in humans.

Enhancing tumor-specific memory responses to monitor for tumor antigens and eradicate cancer cells well after initial treatment we believe provides potential for significant
 durable clinical benefit by possibly reducing the incidence of tumor recurrence and improving survival of patients.

Today, many cancer immunotherapies produce serious systemic autoimmune effects due to blockage of existing regulatory mechanisms such as the immune checkpoints as well as
 inflammatory toxicities due to the increased presence and spikes of cytokines in the blood circulation. We believe the mechanism of action of Versamune as well as its design have the potential to contribute to the localization of cytokines in the
 lymph nodes and specific targeting of CD8 killer T cells to antigens in tumor tissue. Therefore, the hypothesis is that Versamune based therapies may exhibit an improved and favorable safety profile compared to currently available treatments.

As noted, Versamune is injected subcutaneously (under the skin) and its mechanisms of action are localized primarily in the lymph nodes. Further supporting these observations
 are data demonstrating that negligible levels of Versamune induced cytokines were detected in the blood of mice. Very low quantities of Versamune were detected in the blood or in any organ outside of the lymph nodes.

Additionally, Versamune is broken down (hydrolyzed) in the body into fatty acids and excreted, showing in these preliminary studies that it could mitigate the potential for
 short- or long-term accumulation of the nanoparticles. These preclinical observations have been confirmed by early clinical data documenting that this localized and highly specific cascade of immune activity was associated with an absence of
 significant systemic toxicity at all doses tested. In a Phase 1 clinical trial designed to evaluate safety, all patients had transient swelling and redness at the injection site due to initiation of the immunological cascade at the injection site
 which cleared completely within 3-7 days and no dose-limiting toxicities or long-term safety concerns were observed. Similarly, in our ongoing Phase 2 trials in combination with other treatments, no dose-limiting toxicities or long-term safety
 concerns were attributed to PDS0101 since three of the four studies were initiated in 2020.

In choosing and designing a Versamune based therapy for development, careful attention is paid to selecting specific, appropriate antigens because, as described above, Versamune
 induces a strong T cell response to the antigen. All of the antigens currently being evaluated in combination with Versamune are present primarily in cancer cells which should therefore result in tumor-specific T cell attack, thereby minimizing
 off-target toxicity and potential destruction of healthy cells and tissue.

10 

Index 

Versamune has the potential to minimize circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA)

ctDNA is tumor-derived fragmented DNA that is released into a person s blood stream by cancerous cells and tumors. It can come from primary or metastatic cancer sites. We
 believe that the reduction of ctDNA, as a biomarker, has the potential to signify a potential reduction or elimination of cancer. As noted, we believe Versamune may safely promote the efficient and robust expansion in-vivo of large numbers of
 highly potent (polyfunctional) CD8 killer T cells. In MD Anderson led Phase 2 clinical trial, IMMUNOCERV, where the ctHPV 16 DNA biomarker measured in certain patients decreased in the blood by Day 170 (T5) as HPV16-specific killer T cells
 proliferated in the tumor microenvironment as seen in a representative patient in the chart below.

Versamune s potential as a cancer immunotherapy platform

The potential ability of Versamune to modulate and enhance numerous critical steps required for an effective immune response may provide additional opportunities to treat a variety
 of cancers. Further, its diverse mechanisms of action together with its favorable safety profile suggest therapeutic promise when used in combination with other treatment modalities or immunotherapies such as immune checkpoint inhibitors as well as
 in the single-agent monotherapy setting.

PDS0101: Human Papillomavirus (HPV)-Related Cancers

Despite the successful introduction of HPV preventive vaccines, HPV-related cancers remain a significant component of the global cancer burden. HPV infection occurs in both
 men and women and is associated with head and neck (oropharyngeal), cervical, anal, vaginal, vulvar and penile cancers.

PDS0101 is our lead Versamune based immunotherapy.
 PDS0101 combines Versamune with a mixture of short proteins (peptides) derived from the cancer-causing HPV16 viral protein. HPV16 is the most pervasive and difficult to treat HPV amongst the 13 different high-risk, cancer-causing HPV types.
 In a preclinical study in the most widely utilized animal HPV-cancer tumor model, PDS0101 uniquely induced complete regression of the tumors after a single sub-cutaneous injection. As a result of these data, a Phase 1 open-label,
 dose-escalation, proof of concept study of PDS0101 in women with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) infected with high-risk HPV types. The data demonstrated that PDS0101 was immunologically active at all three doses studied, confirmed
 induction of high levels of active HPV-specific CD8 killer T cells, and was associated with clinical regression of the cervical lesions that often occurred rapidly. These results suggest that PDS0101 activated the critical mechanisms in
 humans resulting in potent T cells which target and effectively kill human HPV-positive cancer cells. All patients who experienced regression remained disease-free over the 2-year retrospective evaluation period, suggesting potential
 durability or memory of the immune response. The clinical data were presented at the 34 th Annual Society for the Immunotherapy of Cancer
 Conference in November 2019 (Wood, et al., 2019). Based on these encouraging preclinical and human data, PDS0101 is being studied in multiple Phase 2 clinical studies in various HPV-related cancers one sponsored by the Company in
 collaboration Merck and three investigator-initiated trials being conducted by the National Cancer Institute (NCI), MD Anderson Cancer Center and Mayo Clinic. We believe the data presented from these Phase 2 clinical studies in 2022
 demonstrated favorable results. 

11 

Index 

PDS0102: T cell receptor gamma Alternate Reading frame Protein (TARP)-Related Cancers

The TARP antigen is strongly associated with prostate and breast cancers. In the U.S. 450,000 patients are projected to be diagnosed with prostate or breast cancer this year.
 Approximately 90 of prostate cancers and 50 of breast cancers overexpress the TARP tumor antigen. In a human clinical trial, the NCI demonstrated that its proprietary TARP antigens were effectively recognized by the immune system in prostate
 cancer patients with PSA biochemical recurrence leading to a notable reduction in tumor growth rate. In preclinical studies, a dramatically enhanced TARP-specific killer T cell response was observed when our designed TARP antigens were combined
 with Versamune. As discussed further below, in November 2021, we entered into the NCI Patent License Agreement with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, as represented by the NCI of the National Institutes of Health (NIH). We
 obtained a nonexclusive worldwide license to the patent rights for NCI s TARP to develop and commercialize TARP peptide-based therapies in combination with our Versamune technology for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia, prostate and breast
 cancers. Preclinical development is ongoing.

PDS0103: Mucin-1 (MUC1)-Related Cancers 

MUC1 is highly expressed in multiple solid tumor types and has been shown to be associated with drug resistance and poor disease prognosis. We are developing PDS0103, a
 Versamune based therapy in combination with novel, highly immunogenic, agonist epitopes of the MUC1 oncogenic C-terminal region to treat ovarian, breast, colorectal and lung cancers. In preclinical studies, a dramatically enhanced MUC1-specific
 killer T cell response was observed when the novel antigens were combined with Versamune. Preclinical development is ongoing.

Versamune has demonstrated immunological compatibility with a wide array of tumor and pathogenic antigens. While our current oncology pipeline pairs Versamune with 4 different tumor
 antigens, to address over 10 cancer types, more than 75 tumor antigens have been identified and reported. We believe that Versamune could work well with a wide range of identified tumor antigens and neoantigens. We are exploring the expansion of
 our Versamune based pipeline by pairing the technology with multiple tumor antigens to potentially develop additional product candidates.

Versamune based immunotherapies plus PDS0301 (IL-12) Platform as a cancer immunotherapy platform

PDS0301 (formerly known as NHS-IL-12 and M9241) is a novel investigational antibody conjugated (IgG1), tumor-targeting interleukin 12 (IL-12) immune-cytokine that enhances the
 proliferation, potency and longevity of T cells in the tumor microenvironment. Together with Versamune based immunotherapies PDS0301 works synergistically to promote a targeted T cell attack against cancers. As with Versamune, PDS0301 is given by
 a simple subcutaneous injection. Clinical data suggests the addition of PDS0301 to Versamune based immunotherapies may demonstrate significant disease control by shrinking tumors and/or prolonging life.

PDS0301 monotherapy has shown activation of an immune response and correlation with clinical benefit in metastatic solid tumors

We believe PDS0301 monotherapy promotes therapeutically relevant immune responses, and stronger immune activation has been observed at higher doses. An analysis of patients at
 baseline and after PDS0301 monotherapy treatment documented in the graphs below. Interferon-gamma is associated with the induction of natural killer (NK) cells and T cells. Granzyme B is associated with the induction of active killer CD8 T
 cells. Importantly, higher levels of these CD8 T cells were associated with improved clinical outcomes. (Toney NJ et al. International Immunopharmacology 116 (2023) 109736 ).

12 

Index 

PDS0301 is differentiated from other IL-12s

PDS0301 is a novel immune-cytokine fusion protein composed of two molecules of IL-12 fused to each of the heavy-chains of a human IGg1 antibody. The IGg1 antibody targets the
 DNA/histones exposed in necrotic areas of solid tumors, thus delivering the IL-12 into the tumor and limiting its systemic accumulation. As seen in the chart below, PDS0301 shows low accumulation in blood circulation potentially promoting safety.

Infectimune has potential as an infectious disease vaccine platform

PDS Biotech has developed a second cationic platform that is being applied to the development of infectious disease vaccines and this specific formulation has been
 trademarked Infectimune. It has been formulated to activate the immune system to induce rapid and longer-lasting neutralizing antibody responses for improved protection against infectious pathogens. We believe it has the potential to induce T
 cell responses including memory T cell responses to provide the immune system with long-term memory and potential sustained protection against infectious pathogens over an extended period of time that may exceed traditional antibody-based
 protection. We believe it could provide safe and effective vaccines that are well tolerated by healthy individuals.

PDS0202: Universal influenza vaccine

According to the World Health Organization,
 influenza causes 3 to 5 million cases and approximately 290,000 to 650,000 deaths each year. Due to the existence of multiple strains of flu, a new seasonal flu vaccination is usually developed to provide protection against the strains
 predicted to be prevalent in an upcoming flu season. As a result, the protective efficacy of the current vaccines varies widely from season to season. We are developing a new generation of flu vaccines with the potential to provide
 long-lasting, and broad protection against multiple strains of the virus. We believe that the successful development of a universal flu vaccine could eliminate the need to create a vaccine to protect against each year s predicted variants.
 Our Infectimune platform is combined with computationally optimized broadly reactive antigen (COBRA) to potentially provide longer lasting, more effective response to the influenza vaccine. The preclinical work is complete, and we are
 working to obtain nondilutive financing to fund the next steps in development. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we entered into a Patent License Agreement with the University of Georgia (UGA) which provides a nonexclusive license to the
 patent rights for UGA s COBRA antigens to develop and commercialize a universal influenza vaccine worldwide. The UGA Patent License Agreement includes customary milestone payments and royalties. Initiation of preclinical work is dependent
 on obtaining nondilutive financing. 

In February 2023, we announced preclinical Infectimune publication in peer reviewed jour nal Viruses showin g unique induction of high levels of multifunctional CD4+ T cells capable of broadly protective
 functions compared to leading commercial vaccine technologies (Henson TR et al. Viruses 2023, 15 , 538). 

In February 2023, we announced a second preclinical Infectimune publication in peer reviewed journal Viruses showing complete protection in animal studies with PDS0202 a novel recombinant protein-based Universal flu vaccine (Gandhapudi SK et al. Viruses 2023, 15 , 432). 

PDS0201: Tuberculosis

PDS0201 combines the utility of the Versamune
 platform with bacillus Mycobacterium tuberculosis (M. tuberculosis) antigens. Tuberculosis (TB) is the leading cause of death from a single infectious agent and is caused by the M. tuberculosis, which is spread when people who are sick
 with TB expel bacteria into the air. About a quarter of the world s population is infected with M. tuberculosis and thus at risk of developing TB disease. It has been reported that a total of 1.5 million people died from TB in 2020.
 Worldwide, TB is one of the top 10 causes of death and the leading cause from a single infectious agent (above HIV/AIDS). It is estimated that 10 million people fell ill with TB worldwide 5.7 million men, 3.2 million women and 1.1
 million children. There were cases in all countries and age groups. Multidrug-resistant TB (MDR-TB) remains a public health crisis and a health security threat. The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that there were 484,000 new
 cases with resistance to rifampicin the most effective first-line drug, of which 78 had MDR-TB. WHO has identified TB as a global priority and is focused on eradication of the disease. The only licensed vaccine for prevention of TB
 disease was developed almost 100 years ago. PDS0201 is currently in preclinical development. 

13 

Index 

PDS0203: SARS-CoV-2 vaccine

Our Infectimune platform based COVID-19 vaccine combines our nanoparticle technology with a SARS-CoV-2 recombinant protein derived from the spike (S) protein. Notably, the protein
 in this fully synthetic vaccine includes conserved and non-mutating regions of the virus. The vaccine has demonstrated strong potential in preclinical studies to efficiently promote the induction of killer CD8 and helper CD4 helper T cells that
 recognize and induce immune responses against such non-mutating regions of the virus. The protein also includes regions of the spike protein that result in the induction of neutralizing antibodies.

In February 2023, PDS Biotech announced the publication of Infectimune based vaccines preclinical studies demonstrating complete protection against sickness after lethal challenge
 with live SARS-CoV-2 (Gandhapudi SK et al. Viruses 2023, 15 , 432).

Versamune Development Strategy

The unique combination of high potency and excellent safety of the Versamune platform observed in preclinical studies was corroborated in the successfully-completed 12-patient
 PDS0101 monotherapy Phase 1/2a clinical trial. All patients were infected with cancer causing (high risk) strains of HPV, which are less likely to spontaneously regress. In September 2019, we reported retrospective clinical outcome data from
 this trial. Despite most of the patients being infected with multiple HPV strains including or excluding HPV 16, regression was seen in 8 out of 10 patients, with complete regression of pre-cancerous lesions documented in 6 out of 10 patients at
 their first post-treatment evaluation, which occurred within 1-3 months of completing treatment. In addition, the fact that no disease recurrence occurred over the two-year evaluation period strongly suggested a robust and durable therapeutic
 immune response due to the induction of T cells by PDS0101 administration that were clinically active. As a result of this information and the documentation in the trial of PDS0101 s ability to generate potent and biologically active CD8 T cells
 in-vivo , we focused our clinical strategy on areas of more severe unmet medical need in which PDS0101 is combined with other immune-modulating agents, including immune checkpoint inhibitors and standard of
 care e.g., chemoradiotherapy, to provide improved clinical benefit to patients.

We believe that rational design of combination
 immunotherapies using complementary agents that promote synergy with each other and reduce the potential for compounded toxicity will substantially enhance the potential for combination therapies to deliver improved clinical benefit for
 cancer patients. Based on our data, Versamune appears to activate an appropriate combination of immunological pathways to promote strong CD8 T cell induction while also altering the tumor microenvironment to make tumors more susceptible
 to T cell attack, which we believe makes it an ideal complement to immune checkpoint inhibitors and other immune-modulating agents by enhancing their potency as part of combination therapies. In addition, the differences in mechanism of
 action between Versamune and checkpoint inhibitors, as well as the initial demonstrated safety profile of Versamune, suggests that these combinations may be potentially much better tolerated by patients than other combination therapies
 involving immune checkpoint inhibitors and other cancer treatments such as immune-cytokines and chemotherapy. 

VERSATILE-002: PDS0101 + KEYTRUDA 

In November 2020, our VERSATILE-002 Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating the combination of PDS0101 in combination with Merck s anti-PD-1 therapy, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) which is the FDA-approved standard of care for first-line treatment of recurrent/ metastatic head and neck cancer opened and is actively recruiting patients. The clinical
 trial will evaluate the efficacy and safety of this therapeutic combination as a first-line treatment in patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck cancer and high-risk human papillomavirus-16 (HPV16) infection.

In this PDS Biotech-sponsored trial, patients whose cancer has returned or spread following initial treatment, will be able to avoid chemotherapy and take this combination of two
 immuno-therapy drugs. Enrolling patients with more functional immune systems that have not been compromised by extensive chemotherapy may allow improved efficacy of the combination. Patients in the trial will receive a total of 5 cycles of
 combination therapy in the context of standard of care KEYTRUDA therapy administered every three weeks until disease progression. The primary endpoint of
 VERSATILE-002 is the objective response rate or ORR at six months following initiation of treatment. There are two cohorts in the trial. Cohort 1 is for patients that are yet to be treated with an immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI na ve) and
 cohort 2 which consists of patients that have failed immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy (ICI refractory).

In February 2022, we announced we had achieved the preliminary efficacy milestone of at least four or more objective responses of the first 17 patients in the ICI na ve arm that
 allowed that arm to proceed to full enrollment. We also announced detailed preliminary safety data which showed that the combination is well tolerated without evidence of enhanced or significant toxicity in the first 18 patients in the ICI na ve
 arm. We have completed enrollment in Stage 1 of the ICI refractory arm and are waiting for sufficient follow up to conduct the futility analysis.

14 

Index 

In June 2022, we announced additional preliminary efficacy and safety data from this trial at the ASCO Annual Meeting (Weiss J et al. J Clin Oncol 40, 2022 (suppl 16; abstr
 6041). The abstract provided preliminary data on 19 patients (safety) with available imaging data for 17 of the 19 patients (efficacy). Highlights from the abstract were as follows:

Response rates thus far (tumor shrinkage greater than 30 seen in 7/17 (41.2 patients in comparison to the published results of approximately 19 for approved ICI, used as monotherapy for recurrent or
 metastatic head and neck cancer, with 2 of the 7 having complete responses (CR)

Stable disease (SD) was reported in 6/17 (35.3 patients, with 4 of the 6 (67 experiencing tumor shrinkage of less than 30 

Clinical efficacy (ORR + SD) was seen in 13/17 (76.5 patients

Progressive/ongoing disease was reported in 4/17 (23.5 patients

Patients had received a median of 4/5 doses of PDS0101 (range 1-5) and 9/35 doses of KEYTRUDA (range 1-18)

There were no treatment-related adverse events greater than or equal to Grade 3 (N=19)

No patients required dose interruption or reduction on the combination treatment

No patients discontinued the combination treatment

At 9 months of follow up (median not yet achieved):

Progression free survival (PFS) rate was 55.2 

Overall survival (OS) rate was 87.2 

In May 2022, we announced the expansion of this trial into Europe and in June 2022, as described above, we received Fast Track designation for PDS0101 in combination with
 pembrolizumab.

In August 2022, we announced our independent Data Monitoring Committee (DMC) met and evaluated data from the first 43 patients and noted there were no Grade 3 or greater
 treatment-related adverse events attributed to the combination. The DMC recommended continuing the trial with no modifications.

In October 2022, we announced an end-of-phase 2 meeting with the FDA for PDS0101 in combination with KEYTRUDA . We are currently evaluating the guidance on the key elements of the clinical program that will support the submission of a Biologics License Application for PDS0101.

National Cancer Institute: PDS0101+ M9241 (now PDS0301) +Bintrafusp Alfa 

In June 2020, the first patient was dosed under a PDS0101 Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA), in the NCI led Phase 2 investigator-initiated trial
 evaluating PDS0101 with an IgG1 IL-12 (M9241), now PDS0301, and M7824 (Bintrafusp Alfa), which is owned by EMD Serono (Merck KGaA) in patients with advanced/refractory HPV-associated cancers who have failed prior treatment. In February 2021, we
 announced that the NCI s Phase 2 clinical trial of PDS0101 for the treatment of advanced/refractory HPV-associated cancers achieved its preliminary objective response target in patients na ve to immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI) which allowed
 for full enrollment of approximately 20 patients in this group. In addition, based on promising results in the ICI na ve arm, the trial was amended to allow enrollment of a separate cohort of ICI-refractory patients for assessment of safety and
 activity of the triple combination. Preliminary efficacy assessment of the triple combination in this added group of 20 ICI refractory patients is ongoing. The NCI recently achieved the intended enrollment objective of 30 patients in the ICI
 refractory arm of the trial. The trial has enrolled 45 patients and enrollment in the trial will continue until the total enrollment of 56 patients is achieved.

Preclinical study results arising from this CRADA were recently published in the Journal for ImmunoTherapy of Cancer, Immunomodulation to
 enhance the efficacy of an HPV therapeutic vaccine (Journal for ImmunoTherapy of Cancer 2020;8:e000612. doi:10.1136/ jitc-2020-000612) , indicating that PDS0101 generated both HPV-specific T cells
 and an associated antitumor response when used as a monotherapy. When PDS0101 was combined with two other novel clinical-stage anti-cancer agents, Bintrafusp Alfa and M9241, now PDS0301, the preclinical data suggested that all three therapeutic
 agents worked synergistically to provide superior tumor T cell responses and subsequent tumor regression when compared to any of the agents alone or the 2-component combinations. If the published preclinical data demonstrating powerful activity
 of the triple combination is successfully confirmed in the ongoing Phase 2 trial, this triple combination could form the basis of a unique platform providing improved cancer treatments across multiple cancers.

15 

Index 

In June 2021, at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) conference the NCI announced interim data in this trial which included, data in both ICI na ve and refractory
 patients (Strauss J et al. J Clin Oncol 39, 2021 [suppl 15; abstr 2502]). In the ICI na ve group 83 (5/6) of patients had an objective response, and 1 subject had achieved a complete response with no
 evidence of disease. 100 of the ICI na ve patients were alive at a median duration of 8 months. In the ICI refractory group 42 (5/12) of patients had an objective response, and 1 subject had achieved a complete response with no evidence of
 disease. 10/12 (83 of ICI refractory patients were alive at a median duration of 8 months. An update provided in January 2022 showed as of December 31, 2021, that >40 subjects had been recruited into the trial and 30 HPV16-positive
 patients had been evaluated. The median survival of all patients (3:1 ICI refractor to na ve) was 12 months and progressing. The historical survival of ICI na ve and ICI refractory advanced HPV-associated cancers when treated with ICI are 7-11
 months and 3-4 months, respectively, best reported median survival to date with systemic therapy of 8.2 months in ICI refractory head and neck cancer.

In June 2022, at the 2022 ASCO Annual Meeting, the NCI provided an update to the preliminary data presented at the 2021 meeting (Strauss J et al. J Clin Oncol 40, 2022 [suppl 16; abstr 2518]). This included data from 30 patients and highlights were as follows:

Objective response (OR = > 30 tumor reduction) was seen in 88 (7/8) of patients with ICI-naive disease; 4/7 (57 patients responses are ongoing (median 17 months).

With ICI refractory patients: PDS0301 dosing appears to affect response rates, with 5/8 (63 patients receiving PDS0301 at 16.8 mcg/kg achieving an OR compared to 1/14 (7 patients who received PDS0301 at
 8 mcg/kg achieving an OR; 4/6 (67 patients responses are ongoing (median 12 months).

Tumor reduction was seen in 45 (10/22) of patients with ICI-refractory disease, including patients receiving high or low dose PDS0301.

In ICI refractory patients treated with high or low dose PDS0301, survival outcomes were similar (p=0.96 by Kaplan Meier analysis). At a median of 12 months of follow up 17/22 (77 of patients were alive.

In ICI na ve patients 6/8 (75 were alive at median 17 months of follow up.

Similar OR and survival were seen across all types of HPV16-positive cancers.

Preliminary safety data: 13/30 (43 of patients experienced Grade 3 treatment-related adverse events (AEs), and 2/30 patients (7 experienced Grade 4 AEs. There were no grade 5 treatment-related AEs.

We believe the study results to date strongly suggest, in agreement with the published preclinical studies, that all 3 drugs contribute to the clinical outcomes.

In September 2022, we announced, in agreement with the NCI, that the ICI refractory patients had been selected as the preferred treatment group in the on-going PDS0101-based
 triple combination therapy in advanced HPV-positive cancers and the trial was closed to further enrollment given the ICI refractory arm has been fully recruited.

In October 2022, we announced expanded interim data as follows:

Survival data: 66 (19/29) of HPV16-positive ICI refractory patients in the cohort were alive at a median follow up of 16 months.

Safety profile: 48 (24/50) patients experienced Grade 3 treatment-related adverse events (AEs), and 4 (2/50) patients experienced Grade 4 AEs. There were no Grade 3 treatment-related AEs.

HPV16-positive ICI na ve patients: 75 (6/8) were alive at a median follow up of 25 months and 38 (3/8) of responders had a complete response.

In December 2022, we announced expanded interim data as follows:

Median OS is 21 months in 29 checkpoint inhibitor refractory patients who received the triple combination. The reported historical median OS in patients with ICI refractory disease is 3-4 months seen
 with checkpoint inhibitors and best reported median survival to date with systemic therapy of 8.2 months in ICI refractory head and neck cancer .

In ICI na ve subjects, 75 remain alive at a median follow-up of 27 months. As a result, median OS has not yet been reached. Historically median OS for similar patients with platinum experienced ICI na ve disease is 7-11 months.

Objective response rate (ORR) in ICI refractory patients who received the optimal dose of the triple combination is 63 (5/8). In current approaches ORR is reported to be less than 10 .

ORR in ICI na ve patients with the triple combination is 88 . In current approaches ORR is reported to be less than 25 with FDA-approved ICIs in HPV-associated cancers.

Safety data have not changed since October s update. 48 (24/50) of patients experienced Grade 3 (moderate) treatment-related adverse events (AEs), and 4 (2/50)
 patients experienced Grade 4 (severe) AEs, compared with approximately 70 of patients receiving the combination of ICIs and chemotherapy reporting Grade 3 and higher treatment-related AEs. 

16 

Index 

In February 2023, we announced the successful completion of a Type B meeting with the FDA for the combination therapy of PDS0101, PDS0301, and an FDA-approved immune
 checkpoint inhibitor for the treatment of recurrent/metastatic HPV-positive ICI-refractory head and neck cancer. We confirmed the required contents of the study design for a potential registration of the combination.

MD Anderson Cancer Center (IMMUNOCERV): PDS0101+ Chemoradiotherapy 

In October 2020, another PDS0101 Phase 2 IIT was initiated with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center and is actively recruiting patients. This clinical trial is
 investigating the safety and anti-tumor efficacy of PDS0101 in combination with standard-of-care chemo-radiotherapy, or CRT, and their correlation with critical immunological biomarkers in patients with locally advanced cervical cancer. We
 believe that Versamune has strong T cell induction has the potential to enhance efficacy of the current standard of care CRT treatment in this indication. Enrollment rate in this trial had been negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and
 enrollment is on-going.

In November 2022, we announced data from this trial was included in a poster presentation at the 2022 SITC Annual Meeting which included the following:

9 of the 17 patients had completed a Day 170 post-treatment Positron Emission Tomography, Computed Tomography (PET CT) scan to assess the status of the cancer. This included 78 (7/9) of treated patients
 with advanced cervical cancer (FIGO stage III or IV).

100 (9/9) of patients treated with the combination of PDS0101 and CRT had an objective response.

89 (8/9) of patients treated with the combination of PDS0101 and CRT demonstrated a complete response (CR) on Day 170 by PET CT. One patient who received 3 of the 5 scheduled doses of PDS0101 showed signs
 of residual disease. One patient who had a CR died from an event unrelated to either their underlying disease or treatment.

1-year disease-free survival and 1-year overall survival of 89 (8/9) in patients treated with the combination of PDS0101 and CRT.

As previously reported, data confirm PDS0101 treatment activates HPV16-specific CD8 T cells. This increase was not seen in patients who did not receive PDS0101. The increase in HPV16-specific T cells
 generated by the treatment is positively correlated with tumor cell death, suggesting cytotoxic CD8 T cells are important mediators of antigen-specific immunity.

The data affirm that PDS0101 activates Type 1 interferon pathway in humans, mimicking the mechanism previously demonstrated in preclinical studies in animal models.

Toxicity of PDS0101 remains limited to low-grade local injection site reactions.

Mayo Clinic: PDS0101 Monotherapy and in combination with KEYTRUDA 

In February 2022 we announced the initiation of an Investigator-Initiated Trial (ITT), MC200710, for PDS0101 alone or in combination with the immune checkpoint inhibitor, KEYTRUDA , in patients with HPV-associated oropharyngeal cancer (HPV(+)OPSCC) at high risk of recurrence. The trial is being led by Drs. David Routman, Katharine Price, Kathryn
 Van Abel, and Ashish Chintakuntlawar at Mayo Clinic, a nationally and internationally recognized center of excellence for the treatment of head and neck cancers. We believe that this trial not only broadens our addressable patient population of
 those affected by the increasing incidence of HPV(+)OPSCC, but also allows us to better understand the activity of PDS0101 alone or in combination with KEYTRUDA in
 earlier stages of disease. This trial is currently open for enrollment.

In this trial treatment will be administered before patients proceed to transoral robotic surgery (TORS) with curative intent. Treatment in this setting is referred to as
 neoadjuvant treatment. PDS0101 has been shown to induce killer T cells that target and kill HPV-positive cancers, either alone or in combination with ICIs in preclinical studies, and in combination in clinical studies of patients with advanced
 recurrent/metastatic HPV-associated cancers. This trial will explore whether PDS0101 with or without checkpoint inhibition may increase HPV-specific anti-tumor responses, potentially resulting in tumor shrinkage, pathologic regression, and
 decreases in circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA).

PDS0102 

PDS0102 is an investigational immunotherapy utilizing tumor-associated and immunologically active T cell receptor gamma alternate reading framed protein (TARP) from the NCI.
 PDS0102 is designed to treat TARP-associated cancers including, acute myeloid leukemia (AML), prostate and breast cancer. In our preclinical work, the administration of PDS0102, the Versamuine+TARP antigen combination led to the induction of
 large numbers of tumor targeted killer T cells. In addition, the TARP tumor antigen alone has already been studied at the NCI in men with prostate cancer and been shown to be safe, immunogenic with slowing tumor growth rates (NCT00972309). We are
 evaluating the next steps in the clinical development of PDS0102 and are seeking nondilutive financings to move to human trials.

17 

Index 

PDS0103 

In April 2020, the above mentioned, PDS-NCI CRADA was expanded beyond PDS0101 to include clinical and preclinical development of PDS0103. PDS0103 is an investigational
 immunotherapy owned by us and designed to treat cancers associated with the mucin 1, or MUC1, oncogenic protein. These include cancers such as ovarian, breast, colorectal and lung cancers. PDS0103 combines Versamune with novel highly immunogenic
 agonist epitopes of MUC1 developed by the NCI and licensed by PDS. PDS0103 is currently in late preclinical development.

MUC1 is highly expressed in several types of cancer
 and has been shown to be associated with drug resistance and poor disease prognosis in breast, colorectal, lung and ovarian cancers, for which PDS0103 is being developed. Expression of MUC1 is often associated with poor disease prognosis,
 due in part to drug resistance. In preclinical studies, and similarly to PDS0101, PDS0103 demonstrated the ability to generate powerful MUC1-specific CD8 killer T cells. In the first quarter of 2022, we held a pre-IND meeting with the FDA
 on PDS0103. Our primary goal is commercialization of PDS0101, and allocation of resources to implement an earlier than planned start of a registrational trial may delay PDS0103 initiation .

Infectimune Development Strategy

Based on the promising data recently announced with the universal seasonal flu vaccine and the current focus of the NIAID in developing more effective flu vaccines, we have
 decided to opportunistically focus our near-term infectious disease activities to align with the interests of the NIAID Collaborative Influenza Vaccine Innovation Centers (CIVICs) program. This will involve development of a universal seasonal
 flu vaccine and the potential development of a universal pandemic influenza vaccine based on similar computationally designed antigens as have shown promise with Infectimune.

In July 2022, we announced the presentation of universal flu vaccine preclinical data for PDS0202 at the 41 st American Society of Virology meeting: Abstract number 3733830, Infectimune enhances antibodies elicited by COBRA hemagglutinin influenza vaccine. We are evaluating the next steps in the clinical development and funding for
 PDS0202.

PDS0202; Universal Flu 

Based on the key characteristics of Infectimune we are progressing development of PDS0202, a universal influenza vaccine candidate, which combines Infectimune with novel
 Computationally Optimized Broadly Reactive (COBRA) influenza vaccine antigens designed by renowned influenza expert Dr. Ted Ross and licensed from the University of Georgia. PDS0202 preclinical development was supported by an agreement with the
 NIAID CIVICs, program, with a goal of progressing into a human clinical trial with nondilutive financing. Preclinical development studies were performed at three sites: our Princeton, NJ laboratories, The University of Kentucky School of
 Medicine, and the CIVICs Center for Influenza Vaccine Research for High-Risk Populations. The data produced in the preclinical showed significant levels of hemagglutinin inhibition (HAI) titer levels when utilizing PDS0202 as compared to COBRA
 antigens alone ranging from 28x to 62x on various strains of the H1N1 influenza virus.

18 

Index 

The preclinical data also showed all animals in the control group when challenged by the flu virus became sick and died while all animals treated with either a 3mcg (high
 dose) or .012mcg (low dose) of PDS0102 remained alive and healthy.

We are seeking nondilutive financing for the next stage of clinical development.

PDS0203: COVID-19 

PDS0203 is being designed with the goal to potentially provide long-term and broad protection against infection from COVID-19 and its potential mutations, based on the understood
 potential of Infectimune to prime the immune system to generate both antibodies for near term protection and T cell responses for long term protection against pathogens. Preclinical data of studies performed at the University of Kentucky
 indicates that PDS0203 elicits the induction of highly active and potent virus-specific CD8 killer and CD4 helper T cells within 14 days of treatment. The study also showed induction of the long-lasting virus-specific memory T cells necessary
 for longer term protection. A 30-45-fold increase in COVID-19 specific T cells was observed by Day 14 when compared to the vaccine without Versamune. These preclinical studies also indicated induction of strong anti-SARS-CoV-2 neutralizing
 antibodies within 14 days, with a 20-25-fold increase when compared to the vaccine without Versamune.

As previously noted, the results highlighted above for Infectimune based PDS0202 and PDS0203 were published in the peer reviewed journal Viruses 
 in February 2023: preclinical studies demonstrating complete protection against sickness after lethal challenge with live SARS-CoV-2 or influenza viruses (Gandhapudi SK et al. Viruses 2023, 15 , 432) and dramatically enhanced CD4 T cell responses to recombinant influenza proteins compared to leading commercial vaccine adjuvants (Henson TR et al. Viruses 
 2023, 15 , 538).

Since our inception we have devoted substantially all our resources to developing our Versamune and Infectimune platforms and our Versamune and Infectimune based products, advancing preclinical programs, conducting clinical trials, manufacturing PDS0101 for clinical trials, and providing general and administrative support. We have funded
 our operations primarily from the issuance of common stock. We have not generated any product revenue to date. We have never been profitable and have incurred net losses in each year since our inception.

Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including the following:

the timing and costs of our planned clinical trials;

the timing and costs of our planned preclinical studies of our Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301 and Infectimune based products;

the outcome, timing and costs of seeking regulatory approvals;

ability to repay debt financings including interest payments;

the terms and timing of any future collaborations, licensing, consulting or other arrangements that we may enter into;

the amount and timing of any payments we may be required to make in connection with the licensing, filing, prosecution, maintenance, defense and enforcement of any patents or patent applications or other
 intellectual property rights; and

the extent to which we license or acquire other products and technologies.

19 

Index 

Leadership

We are led by a team of executives and directors with significant experience in drug discovery, development and commercialization. Our founder and CEO Frank Bedu-Addo has been
 responsible for developing and launching products for KBI BioPharma Inc., Schering-Plough, Merck, Elan Corporation, and the National Cancer Institute. Our other co-founder and Chief Scientific Officer, Dr. Gregory Conn has more than 35 years of
 drug-development experience, including development of antiviral and anticancer drugs through to commercialization. Our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Lauren V. Wood has over 30 years of translational clinical research experience and held senior
 positions at the National Cancer Institute Center for Cancer Research. Our Chief Financial Officer, Matthew Hill has over 25 years of experience in finance and held prior roles as Chief Financial Officer and in operational leadership roles at
 several public life science companies.

We are supported by scientific leaders in the field of vaccine development and oncology. Dr. Lisa Rohan, one of our founders, is Chair of the Scientific Advisory Board. She is a
 professor in the department of Pharmaceutical Sciences at the University of Pittsburgh where she also holds appointments in the Department of Obstetrics, Gynecology and Reproductive Sciences in the School of Medicine and the Clinical Translational
 Science Institute. Dr. Mark Einstein, Professor and Chair in the Department of OB/ GYN Women s Heath at Rutgers University Medical School is an expert in HPV-related pathogenesis, therapy and prevention of lower anogenital tract and
 gynecologic cancers. He is an active leader for management guidelines and translating clinical study and translational data for the World Health Organization, American Cancer Society, Society of Gynecologic Oncology and the American College of
 Obstetrics and Gynecology. Dr. Neil D. Gross, Department of Head and Neck Surgery, Division of Surgery, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center. Dr. Jon Wigginton, President, Research and Development Bright Peak Therapeutics and former
 President of Society for Immunotherapy of Cancer. Professor Leaf Huang, one of our founders, is a Distinguished Professor of Pharmaco-engineering and Molecular Pharmaceutics at the Eshelman School of Pharmacy, University of North Carolina at Chapel
 Hill pioneered the liposome design and manufacture of cationic lipid vector nanoparticles as a delivery system for cDNA, mRNA, siRNA, proteins and peptides for tumor growth inhibition and for vaccines in treating cancer and infectious diseases. 
 Dr. Olivera Finn is a Distinguished Professor of Immunology at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine and she discovered the MUC1 antigen. Our Principal Investigator for the PDS0101 Head and Neck Trial with KEYTRUDA for first-line treatment of recurrent/ metastatic Head and Neck Cancer is Dr. Jared Weiss, Associate Professor of Medicine, University of North Carolina Lineberger
 Comprehensive Cancer Center, who is an expert in head and neck thoracic oncology with a focus on immunotherapeutic approaches for these diseases.

Facilities Manufacturing and Commercial Scale Up

Product candidates using our Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301 and Infectimune development platforms are manufactured using a readily scalable, fill-finish process with
 well-defined and reproducible operations. We do not own or operate cGMP compliant manufacturing facilities to produce any of our product candidates and we do not have plans to develop our own manufacturing operations in the foreseeable future. We
 currently rely on third-party contract manufacturing organizations to produce the amounts of our product candidates necessary for our preclinical research and clinical studies. As part of the manufacture and design process for our product
 candidates, we rely on internal, scientific and manufacturing know-how and trade secrets and the know-how and trade secrets of third-party manufacturers. We currently employ internal resources to manage our manufacturing contractors.

Our research and development activities are located at the Princeton Innovation Center BioLabs, 303A College Road East, Princeton, NJ 08540, which provides first-rate
 development facilities for biotech companies. All animal toxicology and efficacy testing are done via third party contracts and collaborations to provide maximum flexibility and to minimize operational costs and overhead. This approach allows for
 independent validation of our data, and we believe it has historically been a cost-efficient way to progress our development programs.

We do not intend to incur the costs of building, staffing and maintaining manufacturing facilities in the near term. Our management team has formulation, manufacturing and
 operations expertise, including past senior executive management roles in contract drug development and manufacturing. Our management team plans to utilize its expertise and knowledge to identify suitable alternative contract manufacturers who will
 be capable of efficiently manufacturing our products.

For our lead product candidate, PDS0101, we continue to progress our ongoing Phase 2 clinical trials. This process is described further under U.S. Product Development Process. 
 The final protocols for all Phase 2 clinical trials were submitted to the FDA prior to trial initiation and information for all three trials are on www.clinicaltrials.gov. To conform to the FDA electronic Common Technical Document format
 requirement and submission of the cGMP material that will be used in the Phase 2 trials for PDS0101, we submitted a Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Controls amendment to our IND application, related to our Phase 2 studies with PDS0101 to the FDA in
 2020.

In addition, the next step for PDS0101, in our most advanced Phase 2 clinical trial, VERSATILE-002, will be transitioning into Phase 3 clinical development called VERSATILE-003,
 where we plan to file an amended IND in the third quarter 2023 to enter into a registrational trial by the end of the year.

20 

Index 

We anticipate that we would seek marketing authorization from the FDA for our product candidates through the Biologics License Application pathway, under Section 351(a) of
 the Public Health Service Act. This process and the requirements are described further under U.S. Product Development Process. 

For our earlier stage, preclinical product candidates PDS0102 and PDS0103, we plan to work to develop data with the goal of progressing to an IND submission in 2023 and progressing
 clinical development to first-in-human trials with these products. We have engaged with the FDA and received useful initial feedback on the clinical trial design for the PDS0103 program and this information will influence our strategy for
 regulatory submissions and the protocol development.

Intellectual Property

Patents

We seek to maintain high barriers to entry around our product candidates and the markets in which they are utilized by using a multiple layered approach to our patents,
 patent applications, substantial know-how and trade secrets related to the Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301, and Infectimune platforms. We strive to protect and enhance the proprietary technology, inventions and improvements that are
 commercially important to our business, including seeking, maintaining, and defending patent rights. We also rely on trade secrets relating to our platforms and on know-how, continuing technological innovation to develop, strengthen and maintain
 its proprietary position in the vaccine field. In addition, we rely on regulatory protection afforded through data exclusivity, market exclusivity and patent term extensions where available. We also utilize trademark protection for our company
 name and we expect to do so for products and/or services as they are marketed.

We have developed numerous patents and patent applications and owns substantial know-how and trade secrets related to our Versamune platform. As of December 31, 2022, PDS holds
 seven (7) U.S. patents with granted claims directed to its platform technology and nineteen (19) pending U.S. patent applications. These issued patents will expire in 2026, 2029, 2031 and 2033. Should the more recently submitted patent applications
 currently in prosecution be issued, these will expire in 2033 through 2043 assuming no patent term extensions are granted. As of March 1, 2023, PDS holds seventy-one (71) issued foreign patents and thirty-eight (38) pending or published foreign
 patent applications. Most of our international issued patents are issued in multiple countries including Europe, Japan and Australia, and all of which cover compositions of matter and methods of use related to its platform technology. These issued
 patents will expire in 2028-2037, or later if patent term extension applies. Most recently, the USPTO allowed two (2) applications methods of use related to our Versamune platform technology which when granted will run until November 2036. 
 Included in the patents above is a patent protecting the use of Versamune plus PDS0301.

Licensed Patents

We have an exclusive worldwide license from Merck Cie to (R)-DOTAP and its crystal forms, manufacturing methods, and pharmaceutical compositions using the compounds.,
 which are owned by Merck Patent GmbH, for use in our immunotherapy compositions and immunotherapies. Merck Cie has informed us that it has rights to license these patent families through an intra-company agreement with Merck Patent GmbH. 
 These licensed patents are significant to the Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301 and Infectimune platforms, as they are directed to an important ingredient utilized in the Versamune product.

We have licensed patented antigens from the US government for use worldwide in our cationic lipid immunotherapies. We have licensed T cell receptor gamma alternate reading
 frame protein TARP from the National Cancer Institute NCI to develop and commercialize TARP peptide-based therapies in combination with our Versamune technology and any other of our proprietary technologies for prostate and breast
 cancers and Acute Myeloid Leukemia. These patents are directed to immunogenic peptides and peptide Derivatives for the treatment of prostate and breast cancer treatment and multi-epitope TARP peptide vaccines and Uses Thereof. These antigens are
 incorporated in PDS0102 with Versamune. We have licensed novel and highly immunogenic agonist epitopes of mucin-1 MUC1 developed by the National Cancer Institute. MUC1 is highly expressed in multiple solid tumors and has been shown to be
 associated with drug resistance and poor disease prognosis in breast, colorectal, lung and ovarian cancers, for which PDS0103 is being developed. We have granted patents and are pursuing additional patents that cover compositions and methods of
 use of cationic lipid immunotherapies with each of the licensed technologies.

We entered into a non-exclusive agreement to license COBRA universal influenza antigens with the University of Georgia Research Foundation to develop, manufacture and use COBRA
 antigens in a clinical trial for a universal influenza vaccine worldwide. These antigens are developed by Dr. Ted Ross at the University of Georgia. We believe that the combination of these antigens with our proprietary Infectimune technology,
 representing PDS0202, has the potential to induce a broad immune response as a universal flu vaccine, based on preclinical development studies performed to date.

21 

Index 

Exclusive License Agreement

On December 30, 2022, we entered into a License Agreement (the Merck KGaA License ), with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, pursuant to which Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany
 granted us an exclusive (even as to Merk KGaA), worldwide, sublicensable, milestone and royalty-bearing right and license to certain patent rights and certain related data (the Licensed Technology to develop, manufacture, use, commercialize
 and otherwise exploit any product containing NHS-IL12 fusion protein known as M9241 (the Compound ). Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany retains the right under the Licensed Technology in connection with certain existing collaborations between Merck
 KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and academic institutions to allow such academic institutions to exercise their rights granted under such collaborations. We agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop, manufacture and commercialize at least
 one pharmaceutical preparation, substance, or formulation, comprising or employing, the Compound (the Product ).

In consideration for the rights granted by Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, we (i) made a one-time up-front cash payment of 5.0 million to Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and
 (ii) entered into a Share Transfer Agreement dated December 30, 2022 (the Share Transfer Agreement ), pursuant to which we issued 378,787 shares of our common stock (the Shares to Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany in a private placement for an
 aggregate value of 5.0 million, as measured by the closing price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market as of December 30, 2022.

Pursuant to the Merck KGaA License Agreement, we agreed to make (i) development and first commercial sale milestone payments totaling up to 11 million upon the achievement
 of certain milestones, including the dosing of the fifth patient in a Phase 3 trial of the Product and first commercial sale of the Product for a first and second indications in a major market, and (ii) up to 105 million upon achieving certain
 aggregate sales levels of the Product.

We also agreed to pay Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany a royalty of 10 on aggregate net sales of Product as specified in the Merck KGaA License Agreement on a
 Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis until the later of: (i) ten years after the first commercial sale of a Product in a given country; and (ii) the expiration or invalidation of the licensed patents covering the Compound or Product in
 such country (collectively, the Royalty Term ). The royalty rate is subject to reduction in that event that a Product is not covered by a valid patent claim, a biosimilar to the Compound or the Product comes on the market in a particular
 country, or if we obtain a license to any intellectual property owned or controlled by a third-party which but for such license would be infringed by making, using or selling the Compound.

The Merck KGaA License Agreement will expire on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis upon expiration of the last-to-expire Royalty Term for such Product. On
 expiration (but not earlier termination), we will have a fully paid-up, royalty-free, non-exclusive, transferable, perpetual and irrevocable license under the licensed patent rights and related data to develop, manufacture, use, commercialize and
 otherwise exploit the Compound. Either party may terminate the Merck KGaA License Agreement for the other party s material breach following a cure period. The Merck KGaA License Agreement may not be terminated upon certain insolvency events
 relating to us. We may terminate the License Agreement for any reason upon ninety days written notice to Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. The Merck KGaA License Agreement also includes indemnification obligations of each party.

Trade Secrets and Other Proprietary Information

In contrast to patent protection or regulatory exclusivities, trade secret protection is a form of intellectual property that does not require disclosure of the
 subject information as part of the process, but instead depends on maintaining the subject information as strictly confidential. Companies may in some circumstances rely on trade secrets to protect certain aspects of their proprietary know-how
 and technological advances, especially where they do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. Trade secret protection depends in part on confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators,
 sponsored researchers and other advisors that prohibit disclosure of designated proprietary information. Trade secrets can be difficult to protect. Confidentiality agreements may not succeed in preventing a person or parties from disclosing
 confidential information, and in that event the rights of the trade secret holder are subject to the viability of an adequate remedy at law, typically under state law modeled on the Uniform Trade Secrets Protection Act, to stop, mitigate or
 compensate for the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of the proprietary rights. Finally, there is always at least some risk that
 others may independently discover the trade secrets and proprietary information .

22 

Index 

Material License Agreements and Research and Development Agreements

Patent License Agreements with National Institutes of Health.

Effective January 5, 2015, we entered into a Patent License Agreement (the Patent License Agreement as Amended by First Amendment to Patent License Agreement First
 Amendment of August 5, 2015, with an agency within the Department of Health and Human Services HHS ), pursuant to which NIH granted PDS a nonexclusive license to certain patent rights for the development of a therapeutic cancer vaccine
 specifically in combination with PDS s proprietary Versamune technology for ovarian, breast, colon and lung cancers. The Patent License Agreement expires when the last licensed patent expires if the Patent License Agreement is not terminated
 prior to that date. NIH may terminate the Patent License Agreement if PDS is in default in the performance of any material obligation under the Patent License Agreement. PDS may unilaterally terminate the Patent License Agreement in any country
 or territory upon sixty (60) days written notice.

Under the Patent License Agreement and First Amendment PDS agreed to pay NIH: (a) a noncreditable, nonrefundable royalty in the amount of 30,000 upon execution of the Patent
 License Agreement; (b) a noncreditable, nonrefundable royalty in the amount of 60,000 upon execution of the First Amendment to Patent License Agreement (c) a nonrefundable minimum annual royalty of 5,000; (d) earned royalties of two percent (2 on net sales, reducible by a half percent (0.5 for any earned royalties PDS must pay to third parties; (e) benchmark royalties as follows: (i) 25,000 upon successful completion of each Phase 2 Clinical Studies of a licensed product for breast,
 colon, lung or ovarian cancer within each licensed territory; (ii) 50,000 upon initiation of the first Phase 3 Clinical Trial of a licensed product for breast, colon, lung or ovarian cancer within each licensed territory; (iii) 750,000 upon the
 first commercial sale in the licensed territory utilizing and/or directed to licensed product(s) and/or licensed process(es) within the licensed patent rights for breast, colon, lung or ovarian cancer; and (f) additional sublicensing royalties for
 each sublicense required to be approved by NIH of four percent (4 on the fair market value of any consideration received for granting such sublicense.

Effective as November 5, 2021, we entered into a Patent License Agreement (the NCI Patent License Agreement with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, as represented
 by NCI of NIH. Pursuant to the NCI Patent License Agreement, we obtained a nonexclusive, worldwide license to the patent rights for TARP to develop and commercialize TARP peptide-based therapies in combination with the Versamune technology and any
 other of our proprietary technologies for prostate and breast cancers and Acute Myeloid Leukemia. The NCI Patent License Agreement expires when the last licensed patent expires if the Patent License Agreement is not terminated prior to that date.
 NCI may terminate the Patent License Agreement if we are in default in the performance of any material obligation under the Patent License Agreement. We may unilaterally terminate the NCI Patent License Agreement in any country or territory upon
 sixty (60) days written notice. Under the NCI Patent License Agreement, we agreed to pay NCI certain non-creditable, nonrefundable license issue royalties, unreimbursed patent expenses for the licensed patent rights, a nonrefundable minimum annual
 royalty, earned royalties as a percentage of net sales and benchmark royalties.

DOTAP Chloride Enantiomer License Agreement with Merck Eprova AG.

Effective November 1, 2008, we entered into a DOTAP Chloride Enantiomer License (the DOTAP License Agreement with Merck Eprova AG EPRO ), pursuant to which we obtained an
 exclusive license from EPRO technology to undertake development of products relating to the R-enantiomer and S-enantiomer of DOTAP Chloride for worldwide commercialization in a composition and method of inducing an immune response in a subject by
 administering at least one cationic lipid with or without an antigen. The DOTAP License Agreement expires on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis until the expiration of the obligation to pay royalties applicable to
 such licensed product in such country. We have the right to unilaterally terminate the DOTAP License Agreement (in its entirety or on a licensed product-by-licensed product or country-by-country basis) at any time for any reason upon prior written
 notice.

Cooperative Research and Development Agreement for Intramural-PHS Clinical Research with The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.

Effective February 2, 2016, we entered into a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (the CRADA with the U.S. Department of
 Health and Human Services, as represented by the National Cancer Institute NCI ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to perform certain research and development activities as defined by the exhibited
 Research Plan. The principal goal of the CRADA is to determine whether our Versamune immunotherapeutic technology will be effective for enhancing delivery of cancer vaccines or viral vaccines or other immunotherapies developed by the Vaccine
 Branch, Center for Cancer Research, NCI, in mouse models and in human clinical studies. The CRADA provides for development, testing and studies to be conducted in conjunction with the Vaccine Branch involving Versamune and Multi-epitope (ME) T
 cell receptor gamma alternate reading frame protein peptide (TARP) to develop a treatment for prostate cancer using autologous dendritic cells and co- administered locally with ME TARP peptides co-formulated with Versamune immunotherapeutic
 technology in a non-cellular vaccine platform.

23 

Index 

The term of the CRADA is five (5) years, starting February 2, 2016. Pursuant to Appendix A, PDS agreed to provide up to 1,000,000 but no less than 500,000 during the first year of
 the CRADA and up to 1,000,000 but no less than 750,000 per year for the remaining years of the CRADA for NCI to use in connection with acquiring technical, statistical, and administrative support for the clinical research activities, as well as
 to pay for supplies and travel expenses and, upon consent of the parties, to acquire support for a postdoctoral research fellow to conduct additional preclinical studies. The CRADA may be terminated by either party at any time by mutual written
 consent. Either party may unilaterally terminate the CRADA at any time by providing sixty (60) days written notice. If we terminate prior to the completion of all approved or active study protocol(s) pursuant to the CRADA, we must supply enough
 study test product to complete these study protocol(s) unless termination is for safety reasons. If the CRADA is mutually or unilaterally terminated by us before its expiration, we must pay non-cancellable obligations for personnel for a period of
 six (6) months after the termination date or until the expiration date of the CRADA, whichever is sooner. If we suspend development on the test article without the transfer of its active development efforts, assets, and obligations to a third party
 within ninety (90) days of discontinuation, NCI may continue development. In such event, we must transfer all information necessary to enable NCI to contract for the manufacture of the test article and grant NCI a nonexclusive, irrevocable,
 worldwide, paid-up license regarding same.

Cost Reimbursement Agreement with University of Kentucky Research Foundation - I. with University of Kentucky Research Foundation - I.

Effective November 1, 2015, we entered into an annual Research Agreement (the Cost Reimbursement Agreement with the University of Kentucky Research Foundation UKRF ), pursuant
 to which UKRF agreed to test PDS s preclinical and clinical-stage formulations based on HPV, TARP, MUC1, Melanoma antigens as specified more fully in the statement of work. The Cost Reimbursement Agreement has been renewed annually, and was renewed
 on July 1, 2021, for an anticipated cost of 404,502. The agreement terminates on June 30, 2022, unless extended by written mutual agreement of parties or is terminated by one of the parties. Either party may terminate the Cost Reimbursement
 Agreement for any reason with thirty (30) days written notice.

Cost Reimbursement and Sponsored Agreement with University of Kentucky Research Foundation - II.

Effective November 1, 2015, we entered into an annual Research Agreement (the Cost Reimbursement Agreement with the University of Kentucky Research Foundation UKRF ),
 pursuant to which UKRF agreed to test PDS s preclinical and clinical-stage formulations based on HPV, TARP, MUC1, Melanoma antigens as specified more fully in the statement of work. The Cost Reimbursement Agreement has been renewed annually, and
 was renewed on July 1, 2021, for an anticipated cost of 13,998. The agreement terminates on June 30, 2022, unless extended by written mutual agreement of parties or is terminated by one of the parties. Either party may terminate the Cost
 Reimbursement Agreement for any reason with thirty (30) days written notice.

Clinical Trial Collaboration and Supply Agreement with MSD International GmbH.

Effective May 19, 2017, we entered into a Clinical Trial Collaboration and Supply Agreement (the CTCSA with MSD International GmbH Merck pursuant to which we and Merck
 agreed to collaborate in a Phase 2 clinical trial to evaluate the safety, and preliminary efficacy of the concomitant and/or sequenced administration of the combination of a Merck compound (i.e., pembrolizumab, a humanized anti-human PD-1
 monoclonal antibody) and our compound (i.e., PDS0101, a cationic lipid-based therapeutic vaccine combining HPV peptides) in treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck cancer and high-risk human papillomavirus-16 (HPV 16)
 infection. The term of the CTCSA commenced on May 19, 2017 and will continue until the earlier of (i) delivery of the final study report and (ii) Study Completion (i.e., upon database lock of the Study results), or until terminated by either
 party. In the event the CTCSA is terminated by Merck upon a material breach by PDS, PDS must reimburse Merck for its direct manufacturing costs, such as manufacturing fees, raw materials, direct labor, freight and duty, factory overhead costs and
 its indirect manufacturing costs, such as allocations of indirect factory overhead and site support costs. This agreement was amended on October 28, 2019 to reflect the trial will be for first in line treatment of disease.

On October 28, 2019, we entered into an amendment to the clinical trial collaboration agreement with Merck to evaluate the combination of our lead Versamune based immunotherapy,
 PDS0101, with Merck s anti-PD-1 therapy, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab), in a Phase 2 clinical trial. The modification to the clinical trial design to evaluate PDS0101 in combination with KEYTRUDA as first-line treatment comes as a result of Merck s
 approval by the FDA on June 10, 2019 for first line treatment of patients with metastatic or unresectable recurrent HNSCC using KEYTRUDA in combination with platinum and fluorouracil (FU) for all patients and as a single agent for patients whose
 tumors express PD-L1 as determined by an FDA-approved test. The trial was initiated in November of 2020 to evaluate the efficacy and safety of the combination as a first-line treatment in patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck cancer
 and high-risk human papillomavirus-16 (HPV16) infection.

24 

Index 

Other Research and Development Agreements

Cooperative Research and Development Agreement for Intramural-PHS Clinical Research with The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.

Effective April 22, 2019, PDS entered into a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (the CRADA with the U.S. Department of
 Health and Human Services, as represented by the National Cancer Institute NCI ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to perform certain research and development activities as defined by the exhibited
 Research Plan. Under the agreement, PDS will collaborate with the NCI s Genitourinary Malignancies Branch (GMB) and Laboratory of Tumor Immunology and Biology (LTIB) with plans to conduct a Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating PDS0101 with novel
 immune-modulating agents M7824 and NHS-IL12 being studied at NCI as part of a CRADA with EMD serono (Merck KGaA). The Phase 2 clinical trial was initiated in June of 2020. The CRADA also involves preclinical evaluation of PDS0101 in combination
 with other therapeutic modalities upon the mutual agreement of both parties. In April 2020, this agreement was amended to include PDS0103, in preclinical and clinical development for treatment of ovarian, breast, colorectal and lung cancers.

The term of the CRADA is five (5) years, starting April 22, 2019. Pursuant to Appendix A, we agreed to provide 110,000 annually, the first payment of which is to be made on the
 first anniversary the of the CRADA Effective date or upon the initiation of a Phase 2 clinical trial as the NIH Clinical Center, whichever comes first for NCI to use in connection with acquiring technical, statistical, and administrative support
 for the clinical research activities, as well as to pay for supplies and travel expenses and infrastructure costs. The CRADA may be terminated by either party at any time by mutual written consent. Either party may unilaterally terminate the CRADA
 at any time by providing sixty (60) days written notice. If we terminate prior to the completion of all approved or active study protocol(s) pursuant to the CRADA, we must supply enough study test product to complete these study protocol(s) unless
 termination is for safety reasons. If the CRADA is mutually or unilaterally terminated by PDS before its expiration, we must pay non-cancellable obligations for personnel for a period of six (6) months after the termination date or until the
 expiration date of the CRADA, whichever is sooner. If we suspend development on the test article without the transfer of its active development efforts, assets, and obligations to a third party within ninety (90) days of discontinuation, NCI may
 continue development. In such event, we must transfer all information necessary to enable NCI to contract for the manufacture of the test article and grant NCI a nonexclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, paid-up license regarding same.

Option to License with the University of Georgia Research Foundation of Georgia Research Foundation

On October 25, 2021, we entered into a non-exclusive agreement to license Computationally Optimized Broadly Reactive Antigen (COBRA) with the University of Georgia Research
 Foundation. This agreement allows us to develop, manufacture and use COBRA antigens in a clinical trial for a universal influenza vaccine worldwide. The term of the agreement extends twelve months after initiation of first Phase 1 clinical trial
 and may be extended upon agreement of the parties. We may convert the option to a full agreement any time prior to the conclusion of the term.

Competition

The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by intense competition to develop new technologies and proprietary products. We are aware of various
 established companies, including major pharmaceutical companies, broadly engaged in immunotherapies and vaccines in research and development that may compete directly with the products we are developing including Jansen Pharmaceuticals (part of
 J J), Sanofi-Aventis, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Merck and Pfizer, among others. In addition, there are many development-stage biotechnology companies in various immunotherapy and vaccine development including, but not limited to Inovio, Advaxis,
 Kite Pharma, Hookipa, Moderna, ZIOPHARM Oncology, Heat Biologics, Harpoon Therapeutics, Oncosec Medical, BioNTech, Osivax, Medicago, Vaxart, and Flugen. If one or more of these companies is successful in developing their technologies, it could
 materially impact our business.

While we believe that the Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301 and Infectimune platforms provide us with competitive advantages, we face competition from many different sources,
 including biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, academic institutions, government agencies, as well as public and private research institutions. Any products that we may commercialize will have to compete with existing products and
 therapies as well as new products and immunotherapies that may become available in the future.

We anticipate that it will face intense and increasing competition as new immunotherapies enter the market and advanced technologies become available. PDS Biotech expects any
 products that it develops and commercializes to compete based on, among other things, efficacy, safety, convenience of administration and delivery, price, availability of therapeutics, the level of generic competition and the availability of
 reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. PDS Biotech s competitors may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than it may obtain approval for its products, which could result in our competitors
 establishing a strong market position before it is able to enter the market. In addition, our ability to compete may be affected in many cases by insurers or other third-party payors seeking to encourage the use of generic products.

25 

Index 

Government Regulation and Product Approval

Federal, state and local government authorities in the United States and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing,
 manufacturing, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of biological and pharmaceutical products such as
 those we are developing. Our product candidates must be approved by the FDA before they may be legally marketed in the United States and by the appropriate foreign regulatory agency before they may be legally marketed in foreign countries.
 Generally, its activities in other countries will be subject to regulation that is similar in nature and scope as that imposed in the United States. The process for obtaining regulatory marketing approvals and the subsequent compliance with
 appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources.

U.S. Product Development Process

In the United States, the FDA regulates biological drug products under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and the Public Health Service Act, or PHSA, and implementing regulations.
 Products are also subject to certain other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations
 requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or post-approval, may subject an applicant to
 administrative or judicial action. FDA decisions or enforcement actions could include, among other actions, refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, warning letters, product recalls or withdrawals from
 the market, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could
 have a material adverse effect on PDS.

The process required by the FDA before a biological drug product may be marketed In the United States generally involves the following:

completion of nonclinical laboratory tests and animal studies according to good laboratory practice regulations, or GLP, and applicable requirements for the humane use of laboratory animals or other applicable regulations;

submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug application, or an IND, which must become effective before human clinical studies may begin;

approval by an independent institutional review board, or IRB, representing each clinical site before each clinical may be initiated;

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical studies according to the FDA s regulations commonly referred to as good clinical practice, or GCP, and any additional requirements for the protection of human research subjects
 and their health information, to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed biological product for its intended use;

submission to the FDA of a Biologics License Application, or BLA, for marketing approval that meets applicable requirements to ensure the continued safety, purity, and potency/efficacy of the product that is the subject of the BLA based
 on results of nonclinical testing and clinical studies (including among other things clinical data, chemistry, and manufacturing and controls (CMC) data);

review by an FDA advisory committee, where appropriate or if applicable;

satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the biological product, or components thereof, are produced, to assess compliance with cGMP, and to assure that the facilities, methods and
 controls are adequate to preserve the biological product s identity, strength, quality and purity;

pre-approval inspection by the FDA of the sponsor (or any third party service providers) relative to oversight of clinical studies, clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the BLA, and any manufacturing facilities to
 assure compliance with GCPs and the integrity of clinical data;

payment of user fees;

FDA review and approval, or licensure, of the BLA; and

Compliance with any post-approval requirements, including the potential requirement to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, and the potential requirement to conduct post-approval studies

26 

Index 

Satisfaction of FDA pre-market approval requirements typically takes many years and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity, and novelty of the product candidate or disease. A
 clinical hold may occur at any time during the life of an IND and may affect one or more specific trials or all trials conducted under the IND. The testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort, and financial resources.

Preclinical studies

Before testing any product candidate in humans, the product enters the preclinical testing stage. Preclinical tests, also referred to as nonclinical studies, include laboratory evaluations of
 product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess the potential safety and activity of the product candidate for initial testing in humans and to establish a
 rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements including GLP. The clinical study sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing
 information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IND. Some preclinical testing may continue even after the IND is submitted. The results of preclinical studies and
 early clinical studies of product candidates with small patient populations may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical studies or the results once the applicable clinical studies are completed.

The IND and IRB processes

An IND is an exemption from the FDCA that allows an unapproved drug to be shipped in interstate commerce for use in an investigational clinical trial and a request for FDA authorization to
 administer an investigational drug to humans. Such authorization must be secured prior to interstate shipment and administration of any new drug that is not the subject of an approved NDA or BLA. In support of a request for an IND, a sponsor must
 submit, among other things, a protocol for each clinical trial and any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. The sponsor may be a company seeking to develop the drug or, as in the case of an
 investigator-initiated trial, the sponsor may be an investigator who is conducting the trial. In addition, the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and
 plans for clinical trials, among other things, are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND. The FDA requires a 30-day waiting period after the filing of each IND before clinical trials may begin. This waiting period is designed to allow the FDA to
 review the IND to determine whether human research subjects will be exposed to unreasonable health risks. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA raises concerns or questions regarding the proposed
 clinical studies and places the study on a clinical hold within that 30-day time period. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical study can begin. The FDA may also impose clinical holds
 on a biological product candidate at any time before or during clinical studies due to safety concerns or non-compliance. If the FDA imposes a clinical hold, studies may not recommence without FDA authorization and then only under terms authorized
 by the FDA. Accordingly, PDS cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical studies to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate such studies.

Following commencement of a clinical trial under an IND, the FDA may also place a clinical hold or partial clinical hold on that trial. A clinical hold is an order issued by the FDA to the sponsor
 to delay a proposed clinical investigation or to suspend an ongoing investigation. A partial clinical hold is a delay or suspension of only part of the clinical work requested under the IND. For example, a specific protocol or part of a protocol is
 not allowed to proceed, while other protocols may do so. No more than 30 days after imposition of a clinical hold or partial clinical hold, the FDA will provide the sponsor a written explanation of the basis for the hold. Following issuance of a
 clinical hold or partial clinical hold, an investigation may only resume after the FDA has notified the sponsor that the investigation may proceed. The FDA will base that determination on information provided by the sponsor correcting the
 deficiencies previously cited or otherwise satisfying the FDA that the investigation can proceed.

A sponsor may choose, but is not required, to conduct a foreign clinical study under an IND. When a foreign clinical study is conducted under an IND, all IND requirements must be met unless waived.
 When the foreign clinical study is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor must ensure that the study complies with certain FDA regulatory requirements in order to use the study as support for an IND or application for marketing approval.
 Specifically, FDA has promulgated regulations governing the acceptance of foreign clinical trials not conducted under an IND, establishing that such studies will be accepted as support for an IND or application for marketing approval if the study
 was conducted in accordance with GCP, including review and approval by an independent ethics committee, or IEC, and use of proper procedures for obtaining informed consent from subjects, and the FDA is able to validate the data from the study
 through an on-site inspection if FDA deems such inspection necessary. The GCP requirements encompass both ethical and data integrity standards for clinical studies. The FDA s regulations are intended to help ensure the protection of human subjects
 enrolled in non-IND foreign clinical trials, as well as the quality and integrity of the resulting data. They further help ensure that non-IND foreign studies are conducted in a manner comparable to that required for IND studies. If a marketing
 application is based solely on foreign clinical data, the FDA requires that the foreign data be applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice; the studies must have been performed by clinical investigators of recognized competence;
 and the FDA must be able to validate the data through an on-site inspection or other appropriate means, if the FDA deems such an inspection to be necessary.

27 

Index 

In addition to the foregoing IND requirements, an IRB representing each institution participating in the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial before it commences
 at that institution, and the IRB must conduct continuing review and reapprove the study at least annually. The IRB must review and approve, among other things, the study protocol and informed consent information to be provided to study subjects. An
 IRB must operate in compliance with FDA regulations. An IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution, or an institution it represents, if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s
 requirements or if the product candidate has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. A separate submission to the existing IND must be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development, as well as
 amendments to previously submitted clinical trials. Further, an independent IRB for each institution participating in the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial, its informed consent form, and other communications to
 study subjects before the clinical trial commences at that site. The IRB must continue to oversee the clinical trial while it is being conducted, including any changes to the study plans.

Additionally, some trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group provides
 authorization for whether or not a trial may move forward at designated check points based on access that only the group maintains to available data from the study. Suspension or termination of development during any phase of clinical trials can
 occur if it is determined that the participants or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Other reasons for suspension or termination may be made by us based on evolving business objectives and/or competitive climate.

Information about certain clinical trials must be submitted within specific timeframes to the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, for public dissemination on its ClinicalTrials.gov website.

Human clinical trials in support of an NDA or BLA

Clinical trials involve the administration of the biological product candidate to volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or
 under the trial sponsor s control, in accordance with GCP requirements, which include, among other things, the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent in writing before their participation in any clinical trial.
 Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection (for example, inclusion and exclusion criteria), and the parameters to be used to monitor
 subject safety, including stopping rules that assure a clinical trial will be stopped if certain adverse events should occur. Each protocol and any amendments to the protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND and require IRB approval.
 Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined:

Phase 1. The biological product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects and tested for safety. In the case of some products for severe or life-threatening diseases, especially when the product may be too inherently toxic to
 ethically administer to healthy volunteers, the initial human testing is often conducted in seriously ill subjects. These studies are designed to test the safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism and pharmacologic actions of the
 investigational product in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, to gain early evidence of Effectiveness.

Phase 2. The biological product is evaluated in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine
 dosage tolerance, optimal dosage and dosing schedule. Multiple Phase 2 clinical studies may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical studies.

Phase 3. The biological product is administered to an expanded patient population, generally at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, in well-controlled clinical trials to generate enough data to statistically evaluate the
 dosage, clinical efficacy, potency, and safety of the product for approval, to establish the overall risk to benefit ratio of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling.

Phase 4. Post-approval studies, which are conducted following initial approval, are typically conducted to gain additional experience and data from treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication.

Although these are the typical phases of progression, and characteristics of the phases of a clinical development program, certain expedited programs allow for variations that could support a
 marketing application based on surrogate endpoints, intermediate clinical endpoints, or single-arm as opposed to comparative or placebo-controlled studies (for example, FDA could rely on well-controlled Phase 2 studies for evidence of effectiveness
 under certain circumstances).

28 

Index 

During all phases of clinical development, regulatory agencies require extensive monitoring and auditing of all clinical activities, clinical data, and clinical trial investigators. Annual progress
 reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted to the FDA. Written IND safety reports must be promptly submitted to the FDA and the investigators of potential safety risks, from clinical trials or any other source, including
 for serious and unexpected adverse events and serious and unexpected suspected adverse reactions, any findings from other studies suggesting a significant risk in humans exposed to the drug, tests in laboratory animals or in vitro testing that
 suggest a significant risk for human subjects, or any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. The sponsor must submit an IND safety report within
 15 calendar days after the sponsor determines that the information qualifies for reporting. The sponsor also must notify the FDA of any unexpected fatal or life-threatening suspected adverse reaction as soon as possible but no later than within
 seven calendar days after the sponsor s initial receipt of the information. Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA, the sponsor or its data safety monitoring
 board, or DSMB, which receives special access to unblinded data during the clinical trial, may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable
 health risk or no demonstration of efficacy. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the biological
 product has been associated with unexpected serious harm to subjects. The FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP and the integrity of the clinical data submitted.

Information about certain clinical trials must be submitted within specific timeframes to the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, for public dissemination on their ClinicalTrials.gov website,
 and other jurisdictions have similar laws that may apply.

Concurrently with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional studies and must also develop additional information about the physical characteristics of the biological product as well as
 finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. To help reduce the risk of the introduction of adventitious agents with use of biological products, the PHSA emphasizes the importance
 of manufacturing controls for products whose attributes cannot be precisely defined. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other criteria, the sponsor must develop
 methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, potency and purity of the final biological product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the biological
 product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life.

U.S. Review and Approval Processes

After the completion of clinical trials of a biological product, FDA approval of a BLA must be obtained before commercial marketing of the biological product. The BLA must
 include results of product development, laboratory and animal studies, human trials, information on the manufacture and composition of the product, proposed labeling and other relevant information. The testing and approval processes require
 substantial time and effort and there can be no assurance that the FDA will accept the BLA for filing and, even if filed, that any approval will be granted on a timely basis, if at all.

Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, as amended, each BLA must be accompanied by a significant application fee. For approved drugs, including BLA-licensed
 biological products, PDUFA also imposes an annual PDUFA program fee. The FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. Under federal law, the submission of BLAs requiring clinical data is additionally subject to an application user fee,
 which for federal fiscal year 2023 is 3,242,026. The sponsor of an approved BLA is also subject to annual program fees, which for fiscal year 2023 are 393,933 per eligible product. Fee waivers or reductions are available in certain
 circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed by a small business. No user fees are assessed on BLAs for products designated as orphan drugs unless the application for the product also includes a
 non-orphan indication.

Within 60 days following submission of the application, the FDA reviews a BLA submitted to determine if it is substantially complete before the agency accepts it for filing. The
 FDA may refuse to file any BLA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable at the time of submission and may request additional information. In this event, the BLA must be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted
 application also is subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review of the BLA. The FDA has agreed to specified performance goals in the review
 process of BLAs. Most such applications are meant to be reviewed within ten months from the filing date, and most applications for priority review products are meant to be reviewed within six months of the filing date. The review process and
 the PDUFA goal date may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider new information or clarification provided by the applicant to address an outstanding deficiency identified by the FDA following the original submission.

29 

Index 

The FDA reviews the BLA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe, potent, and/or effective for its intended use, and has an acceptable purity
 profile, and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve the product s identity, safety, strength, quality, potency and purity. The FDA may refer an application to an advisory committee for review,
 evaluation and recommendation as to whether the application should be approved, and applications for new molecular entities and original BLAs are generally discussed at advisory committee meetings unless the FDA determines that this type of
 consultation is not needed under the circumstances. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions.

During the biological product approval process, the FDA also will determine whether a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, is necessary to assure the safe use of the
 biological product. To determine whether a REMS is needed, the FDA will consider the size of the population likely to use the product, seriousness of the disease, expected benefit of the product, expected duration of treatment, and seriousness of
 known or potential adverse events. REMS can include medication guides, physician communication plans for healthcare professionals, and elements to assure safe use, or EYASU. EYASU may include, but are not limited to, special training or
 certification for prescribing or dispending, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring, and the use of patient registries. The FDA may require a REMS before approval or post-approval if it becomes aware of a serious risk
 associated with the use of a product. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the BLA must submit a proposed REMS. The FDA will not approve a BLA without a REMS, if required. The requirement for a REMS can materially affect the
 potential market and profitability of a product.

Before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect the facilities at which the product is manufactured. These pre-licensing inspections may cover all facilities
 associated with a BLA submission, including component manufacturing, finished product manufacturing, and control testing laboratories. The FDA will not approve the product unless it is satisfied that the manufacturing establishments and processes
 supporting the BLA meet the appropriate requirements and comply with the applicable regulations (including cGMP requirements and adequate assurance for consistent commercial production of the product within required specifications). Additionally,
 before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically conduct a pre-approval inspection of regulated participants in clinical trials (for example, the sponsor, investigators responsible for specific sites, and CROs) to assure that the clinical trials
 were conducted in compliance with the IND and GCP requirements. To assure cGMP and GCP compliance, an applicant must incur significant expenditure of time, money and effort in the areas of training, record keeping, production, and quality
 control.

Notwithstanding the submission of relevant data and information, the FDA may ultimately decide that the BLA does not satisfy its regulatory criteria for approval and deny approval.
 Data obtained from clinical studies are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than PDS interprets the same data. If the agency decides not to approve the BLA in its present form, the FDA will issue a complete response
 letter that describes all of the specific deficiencies in the BLA identified by the FDA. The deficiencies identified may be minor, for example, requiring labeling changes, or major, for example, requiring additional clinical studies. Additionally,
 the complete response letter may include recommended actions that the applicant might take to place the application in a condition for approval. If a complete response letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the BLA, addressing all of
 the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. Even if the submission is re-submitted with additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval.

If a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited,
 which could restrict the commercial value of the product.

Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling. The FDA may impose restrictions and conditions on
 product distribution, prescribing, or dispensing in the form of a risk management plan, or otherwise limit the scope of any approval. In addition, the FDA may require post marketing clinical studies, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical
 studies, designed to further assess a biological product s safety and effectiveness, and testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved products that have been commercialized. The FDA may prevent or limit further marketing of
 a product based on the results of post-market studies or surveillance programs. After approval, many types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are subject to
 further testing requirements and FDA review and approval.

In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, a BLA or supplement to a BLA for a new indication, dosage form, dosage regimen, or route of administration must contain data
 that are adequate to assess the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and
 effective. The FDA may, on its own initiative or at the request of the applicant, grant deferrals for submission of some or all pediatric data until after approval of the product for use in adults, or full or partial waivers from the pediatric data
 requirements.

30 

Index 

Fast track, breakthrough therapy and priority review designations

The FDA is authorized to designate certain products for expedited review if they are intended to address an unmet medical need in the treatment of a serious or life-threatening
 disease or condition. These programs are referred to as fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation and priority review designation. In May 2014, the FDA published a final Guidance for Industry titled Expedited Programs for Serious
 Conditions-Drugs and Biologics, which provides guidance on the FDA programs that are intended to facilitate and expedite development and review of new product candidates as well as threshold criteria generally applicable to concluding that a
 product candidate is a candidate for these expedited development and review programs.

Specifically, the FDA may designate a product for Fast Track review if it is intended, whether alone or in combination with one or more other products, for the treatment of a
 serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and it demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for such a disease or condition. For Fast Track products, sponsors may have greater interactions with the FDA and the FDA may
 initiate review of sections of a Fast Track product s application before the application is complete. This rolling review may be available if the FDA determines, after preliminary evaluation of clinical data submitted by the sponsor, that a Fast
 Track product may be effective. The sponsor must also provide, and the FDA must approve, a schedule for the submission of the remaining information and the sponsor must pay applicable user fees. However, the FDA s time period goal for reviewing a
 Fast Track application does not begin until the last section of the application is submitted. In addition, the Fast Track designation may be withdrawn by the FDA if the FDA believes that the designation is no longer supported by data emerging in
 the clinical trial process.

Second, a product may be designated as a Breakthrough Therapy if it is intended, either alone or in combination with one or more other products, to treat a serious or
 life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment
 effects observed early in clinical development. The FDA may take certain actions with respect to Breakthrough Therapies, including holding meetings with the sponsor throughout the development process; providing timely advice to the product sponsor
 regarding development and approval; involving more senior staff in the review process; assigning a cross-disciplinary project lead for the review team; and taking other steps to design the clinical trials in an efficient manner.

Third, the FDA may designate a product for priority review if it is a product that treats a serious condition and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or
 effectiveness. The FDA determines, on a case-by-case basis, whether the proposed product represents a significant improvement when compared with other available therapies. Significant improvement may be illustrated by evidence of increased
 effectiveness in the treatment of a condition, elimination or substantial reduction of a treatment-limiting product reaction, documented enhancement of patient compliance that may lead to improvement in serious outcomes, and evidence of safety and
 effectiveness in a new subpopulation. A priority designation is intended to direct overall attention and resources to the evaluation of such applications, and to shorten the FDA s goal for taking action on a marketing application from ten months to
 six months.

Accelerated approval pathway

The FDA may grant accelerated approval to a drug for a serious or life-threatening condition that provides meaningful therapeutic advantage to patients over existing treatments
 based upon a determination that the drug has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. The FDA may also grant accelerated approval for such a condition when the product has an effect on an intermediate
 clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality, or IMM, and that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account
 the severity, rarity or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. Drugs granted accelerated approval must meet the same statutory standards for safety and effectiveness as those granted traditional
 approval.

For the purposes of accelerated approval, a surrogate endpoint is a marker, such as a laboratory measurement, radiographic image, physical sign or other measure that is thought to
 predict clinical benefit, but is not itself a measure of clinical benefit. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly than clinical endpoints. An intermediate clinical endpoint is a measurement of a therapeutic effect
 that is considered reasonably likely to predict the clinical benefit of a drug, such as an effect on IMM. The FDA has limited experience with accelerated approvals based on intermediate clinical endpoints, but has indicated that such endpoints
 generally may support accelerated approval where the therapeutic effect measured by the endpoint is not itself a clinical benefit and basis for traditional approval, if there is a basis for concluding that the therapeutic effect is reasonably
 likely to predict the ultimate clinical benefit of a drug.

The accelerated approval pathway is most often used in settings in which the course of a disease is long and an extended period of time is required to measure the intended clinical
 benefit of a drug, even if the effect on the surrogate or intermediate clinical endpoint occurs rapidly. Thus, accelerated approval has been used extensively in the development and approval of drugs for treatment of a variety of cancers in which
 the goal of therapy is generally to improve survival or decrease morbidity and the duration of the typical disease course requires lengthy and sometimes large trials to demonstrate a clinical or survival benefit.

31 

Index 

The accelerated approval pathway is contingent on a sponsor s agreement to conduct, in a diligent manner, additional post-approval confirmatory studies to verify and describe the
 drug s clinical benefit. As a result, a drug candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including the completion of Phase 4 or post-approval clinical trials to confirm the effect on the clinical
 endpoint. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, would allow the FDA to withdraw the drug from the market on an expedited basis. All promotional materials for drug candidates
 approved under accelerated regulations are subject to prior review by the FDA.

Even if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time
 period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. In addition, the manufacturer of an investigational drug for a serious or life-threatening disease is required to make available, such as by posting on its website, its policy on responding
 to requests for expanded access. Furthermore, fast track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, accelerated approval and priority review do not change the standards for approval and may not ultimately expedite the development or approval
 process.

Post-Approval Requirements

Any products for which PDS receives FDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, record-keeping requirements, reporting of
 adverse experiences with the product, providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy information, product sampling and distribution requirements, and complying with FDA promotion and advertising requirements, which include, among others,
 standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, restrictions on promoting products for uses or in patient populations that are not described in the product s approved uses or consistent with the approved labeling, known as off-label use,
 limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities, and requirements for promotional activities involving the internet. Although physicians may prescribe legally available products for off-label uses, if the physicians deem
 to be appropriate in their professional medical judgment, manufacturers may not market or promote such off-label uses. Recent court decisions have impacted the FDA s enforcement activity regarding off-label promotion in light of First Amendment
 considerations; however, there are still significant risks in this area in part due to the potential False Claims Act exposure. Further, the FDA has not materially changed its position on off-label promotion following legal setbacks on First
 Amendment grounds and the DOJ has consistently asserted in FCA briefings that speech that serves as a conduit for violations of the law is not constitutionally protected. 

After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are
 continuing, annual user fee requirements for any marketed products and the establishments at which such products are manufactured, as well as new application fees for supplemental applications with clinical data.

In addition, quality control and manufacturing procedures must continue to conform to applicable manufacturing requirements after approval to ensure the long-term stability
 of the product. cGMP regulations require among other things, quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation and the obligation to investigate and correct any deviations from cGMP.
 Manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved products are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the
 FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. Discovery of problems
 with a product after approval may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer, or holder of an approved BLA, including, among other things, recall or withdrawal of the product from the market. In addition, changes to the manufacturing
 process are strictly regulated, and depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. Other types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications and claims, are also subject
 to further FDA review and approval.

The Drug Supply Chain Security Act, or DSCSA imposes obligations on manufacturers of prescription biopharmaceutical products for commercial distribution, regulating the distribution
 of the products at the federal level, and sets certain standards for federal or state registration and compliance of entities in the supply chain (manufacturers and repackagers, wholesale distributors, third-party logistics providers, and
 dispensers). The DSCSA preempts certain previously enacted state pedigree laws and the pedigree requirements of the Prescription Drug Marketing Act, or PDMA. Trading partners within the drug supply chain must now ensure certain product tracing
 requirements are met that they are doing business with other authorized trading partners; and they are required to exchange transaction information, transaction history, and transaction statements. Product identifier information (an aspect of the
 product tracing scheme) is also now required. The DSCSA requirements, development of standards, and the system for product tracing have been and will continue to be phased in over a period of years. The distribution of product samples continues to
 be regulated under the PDMA, and some states also impose regulations on drug sample distribution.

32 

Index 

Once an approval is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product
 reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including AEs of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to
 the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include,
 among other things:

restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, including total or partial suspension of production, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls;

fines, warning or untitled letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials;

refusal of the FDA to approve pending BLAs or supplements to approved BLAs, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals;

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; or

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.

In addition, the distribution of prescription drug products is subject to the Prescription Drug Marketing Act, or PDMA, which regulates the distribution of drugs and drug samples at
 the federal level, and sets minimum standards for the registration and regulation of drug distributors by the states. Both the PDMA and state laws limit the distribution of prescription drug product samples and impose requirements to ensure
 accountability in distribution.

Failure to comply with any of the FDA s requirements could result in significant adverse enforcement actions. These include a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such
 as refusal to approve pending applications, license suspension or revocation, withdrawal of an approval, imposition of a clinical hold or termination of clinical trials, warning letters, untitled letters, modification of promotional materials or
 labeling, product recalls, product seizures or detentions, refusal to allow imports or exports, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, debarment, injunctions, fines, consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, refusals of
 government contracts and new orders under existing contracts, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties, including fines and imprisonment. It is also possible
 that failure to comply with the FDA s requirements relating to the promotion of prescription drugs may lead to investigations alleging violations of federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse and other laws, as well as state consumer protection
 laws. Any of these sanctions could result in adverse publicity, among other adverse consequences.

The FDA also may require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4 testing, and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product. Discovery of previously unknown problems
 with a product or the failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements can have negative consequences, including adverse publicity, judicial or administrative enforcement, warning letters from the FDA, mandated corrective advertising or
 communications with doctors, and civil or criminal penalties, among others. Newly discovered or developed safety or effectiveness data may require changes to a product s approved labeling, including the addition of new warnings and
 contraindications, and also may require the implementation of other risk management measures. Also, new government requirements, including those resulting from new legislation, may be established, or the FDA s policies may change, which could delay
 or prevent regulatory approval of its product candidates under development.

Regulatory Exclusivities Applicable to Biologics and Related Matters

Abbreviated Licensure Pathway for Biosimilars : The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (BPCIA) amended the PHSA to create an abbreviated approval pathway
 for biosimilar biologics, that is, those shown to be highly similar to an already-FDA-licensed reference biologic. The abbreviated approval process for biosimilars under the BPCIA is similar in concept to the Abbreviated New Drug Application
 ANDA for generic small molecule drugs established by the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 Hatch-Waxman amendments to the FDCA. As with Hatch-Waxman, the goal of the BPCIA was to increase access to
 lower-priced versions of drugs, while balancing the need to continue incentivizing innovation in drug development. Biosimilarity is defined to mean that the proposed biologic is highly similar to the reference product notwithstanding minor
 differences in clinically inactive components and that there are no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of the safety, purity and potency of the product. Further, a biosimilar may be
 determined to be interchangeable with the reference product, in which case the biosimilar may be substituted for the reference product under state substitution laws, similar to the way generic small molecule drugs are substituted. The higher
 standard of interchangeability requires a showing that the biosimilar is expected to produce the same clinical result as the reference biologic in any given patient, and further that the risk to the patient in terms of safety, purity, and/or
 potency pf switching between the biosimilar and the reference product is no more than using the reference product without switching.

33 

Index 

Regulatory Exclusivities Applicable to Biologics Under the BPCIA : The BPCIA established certain regulatory exclusivities that provide reference biologics with prescribed
 periods of time during which competing biosimilars or interchangeable biosimilars may not be approved or may not be marketed. Once its BLA is approved date of first licensure) the reference biologic is entitled to a period of four years after
 its date of first licensure during which time FDA is prohibited from accepting a marketing application that would seek approval of any products that are biosimilar to the branded product. In addition, the reference biologic is entitled to a
 period of 12 years after its date of first licensure during which time FDA is prohibited from approving marketing applications for any products that are biosimilar to the branded product. In addition, the first interchangeable biosimilar may be
 entitled to a period of one year after its date of first licensure, or other periods keyed to the outcome of patent litigation if instituted, during which FDA is prohibited from finding that any other biosimilars are interchangeable to the same
 reference biologic. The reference biologic may also be entitled to regulatory exclusivity under other statutory provisions that apply to biologics and small molecule drugs.

Orphan Drug Exclusivity : Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a drug product as an orphan drug if it is intended to treat a rare disease or condition
 (generally meaning that it affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more in cases in which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making a drug product available in the United States for
 treatment of the disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product). A company must request orphan product designation before submitting an NDA. If the request is granted, the FDA will disclose the identity of the therapeutic agent
 and its potential use. Orphan product designation does not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. Among the other benefits of orphan drug designation are tax credits for certain research and
 an exemption from the NDA or BLA application fee. The FDA may revoke orphan drug designation, and if it does, it will publicize that the drug is no longer designated as an orphan drug.

If the sponsor of a product with orphan designation receives the first FDA approval for that drug for the disease or condition for which it has such designation or for a select
 indication or use within the rare disease or condition for which it was designated, the product generally will receive orphan product exclusivity. Orphan product exclusivity means that the FDA may not approve any other applications for the same
 product for the same indication for seven years, except in certain limited circumstances. If a drug or drug product designated as an orphan product ultimately receives marketing approval for an indication broader than what was designated in its
 orphan product application, it may not be entitled to exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity, however, could also block the approval of one of our therapeutic candidates for seven years if a competitor obtains orphan drug designation and FDA
 approval of the same therapeutic candidate for the same condition or disease as our orphan-designated drug.

Orphan exclusivity will not bar approval of another product under certain circumstances, including if a subsequent product with the same active ingredient for the same indication
 is shown to be clinically superior to the approved product on the basis of greater efficacy or safety, or providing a major contribution to patient care, or if the company with orphan drug exclusivity is not able to meet market demand. Further,
 the FDA may approve more than one product for the same orphan indication or disease as long as the products contain different active ingredients. Moreover, competitors may receive approval of different products for the indication for which the
 orphan product has exclusivity or obtain approval for the same product but for a different indication for which the orphan product has exclusivity.

In addition, as the FDA has interpreted the Orphan Drug Act, even if a previously approved same drug does not have unexpired orphan exclusivity, a demonstration of clinical
 superiority is required for a subsequent marketing application for the same orphan-designated drug for the same disease or condition to be awarded a 7-year period of orphan exclusivity upon marketing approval. In recent years, there have been
 multiple legal challenges to this FDA interpretation, and in August 2017, Congress amended the orphan drug provisions of the FDCA through enactment of the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017 to codify FDA s longstanding interpretation. Section 527 of
 the FDCA now expressly provides that if a sponsor of an orphan-designated drug that is otherwise the same as an already approved drug for the same rare disease or condition is seeking orphan exclusivity, FDA shall require such sponsor, to
 demonstrate that such drug is clinically superior to any already approved or licensed drug that is the same drug in order to obtain orphan drug exclusivity.

In September 2021, the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit decided in Catalyst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. FDA that the
 FDA s interpretation of orphan drug exclusivity for the same drug for the same disease or condition as meaning the same use or indication was inappropriately narrow. This decision had the potential to significantly broaden the scope of orphan
 drug exclusivity for drugs that receive marketing approval for orphan indications that are narrower than their orphan-designated conditions in the United States. On January 24, 2023, the FDA issued a statement to address the uncertainty created
 by the circuit court s decision in Catalyst . This notification announced that, at this time, in matters beyond the scope of that court order (i.e., ordering the FDA to set aside its approval of the
 specific drug at issue), the FDA intends to continue to apply its existing regulations tying orphan-drug exclusivity to the uses or indications for which the orphan drug was approved. We cannot guarantee which rules and interpretations will be
 governing going forward in different situations, that the FDA will maintain this current position, or that other judicial actions will not impact the FDA s application of the Orphan Drug Act.

34 

Index 

Pediatric Study Requirements and Pediatric Exclusivity : Under the Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act (BPCA), a sponsor qualifies for pediatric exclusivity if it complies
 with a Written Request (WR) issued by FDA for pediatric studies. The sponsor may apply to FDA to issue a WR. Pediatric exclusivity operates by adding six months of exclusivity on to the end of the latest-expiring form of exclusivity and may apply
 to patent rights or to FDA regulatory exclusivities. To qualify for pediatric exclusivity, at least one of those rights must still be currently in force at the time FDA approves the pediatric studies.

Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act of 2003, an NDA, BLA, or supplement thereto must contain data that are adequate to assess the safety and effectiveness of the drug product
 for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations, and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. With enactment of the Food and Drug Administration Safety
 and Innovation Act of 2012 (FDASIA), sponsors must also submit pediatric study plans prior to the assessment data.

Those plans must contain an outline of the proposed pediatric study or studies the applicant plans to conduct, including study objectives and design, any deferral or waiver
 requests, and other information required by regulation. The applicant, the FDA, and the FDA s internal review committee must then review the information submitted, consult with each other, and agree upon a final plan. The FDA or the applicant may
 request an amendment to the plan at any time.

The FDA may, on its own initiative or at the request of the applicant, grant deferrals for submission of some or all pediatric data until after approval of the product for use in
 adults, or full or partial waivers from the pediatric data requirements. Additional requirements and procedures relating to deferral requests and requests for extension of deferrals are contained in FDASIA. Unless otherwise required by regulation,
 the pediatric data requirements do not apply to products with orphan designation.

Patent Term Extensions : Patents have a limited lifespan. In most countries, including the U.S., the standard expiration of a patent is 20 years from the effective filing
 date. Various extensions of patent terms may be available in certain circumstances, for example where there are delays in obtaining FDA regulatory approvals that result in a reduction of the period of time during which we could market a product
 under patent protection. In the U.S., a patent claiming a new drug product may be eligible for a limited patent term extension under the Hatch-Waxman Act, which permits a patent restoration of up to five years for patent term lost during product
 development and the FDA regulatory review. The restoration period granted is typically one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA less any time the applicant did not act with due diligence during the
 period, plus the time between the submission date of an NDA and the ultimate approval date less any time the applicant did not act with due diligence during the period. Patent term restoration cannot be used to extend the remaining term of a patent
 past a total of 14 years from the product s approval date. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug product is eligible for the extension, only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it
 may be extended, and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent in question. A patent that covers multiple drugs for which approval is sought can only be extended in connection with one of the
 approvals. The USPTO reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration in consultation with the FDA. Similar provisions are available in Europe and other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that
 covers an approved drug. In the future, if and when our products receive FDA approval, we expect to apply for patent term extensions on patents covering those products. We plan to seek patent term extensions to any of our issued patents in any
 jurisdiction where these are available, however there is no guarantee that the applicable authorities, including the FDA in the United States, will agree with our assessment of whether such extensions should be granted, and if granted, the length
 of such extensions. For more information regarding the risks related to our intellectual property, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. .

Other U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements

In the United States, PDS s activities are potentially subject to regulation, either directly or indirectly, by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to the
 FDA, including but not limited to, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, other divisions of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, for instance the Office of Inspector General (OIG), the U.S. Department of Justice
 (DOJ), and individual U.S. Attorney offices within the DOJ, and state and local governments. For example, sales, marketing and scientific/educational grant programs must comply with the anti-fraud and abuse provisions of the Social Security Act,
 the criminal provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, the federal false claims laws, the physician payment transparency laws, and similar state laws, each as
 amended. The compliance and enforcement landscape, and related risk, is informed by government enforcement precedent and settlement history, Advisory Opinions, and Special Fraud Alerts. Our approach to compliance may evolve over time in light of
 these types of developments.

35 

Index 

The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, any person or entity, from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any
 remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or
 other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on one hand and
 prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution. The exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and
 practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of
 a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor, however, does not make the conduct per se illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on
 a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances. PDS s practices may not in all cases meet all of the criteria for protection under a statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor. The lack of uniform court interpretation of the
 Anti-Kickback Statute combined with emerging, novel enforcement theories, makes compliance with the law difficult. The potential safe harbors available are subject to change through legislative and regulatory action, and we may decide to adjust
 our business practices or be subject to heightened scrutiny as a result. Violations of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute can result in significant criminal fines, exclusion from participation in Medicare and Medicaid and follow-on civil
 litigation, among other things, for both entities and individuals.

Additionally, the intent standard under the Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the Affordable Care Act to a stricter standard such that a person or entity no longer needs
 to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, the Affordable Care Act codified case law that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a per se false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act, as discussed below.

The Criminal Healthcare Fraud statute, 18 U.S.C. 1347 prohibits knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private
 third-party payers. Federal criminal law at 18 U.S.C. 1001, among other sections, prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in
 connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services.

The civil monetary penalties statute imposes penalties against any person or entity that, among other things, is determined to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to a
 federal health program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent. The Federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law authorizes the imposition of substantial civil monetary
 penalties against an entity, such as a pharmaceutical manufacturer, that engages in activities including, among others (1) knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a claim for services not provided as claimed or that is otherwise false or
 fraudulent in any way; (2) arranging for or contracting with an individual or entity that is excluded from participation in federal healthcare programs to provide items or services reimbursable by a federal healthcare program; (3) violations of the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute; or (4) failing to report and return a known overpayment.

The federal False Claims Act prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to, or approval
 by, the federal government or knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. The qui tam provisions
 of the False Claims Act and similar state laws allow a private individual to bring civil actions on behalf of the federal or state government and to share in any monetary recovery. As a result of a modification made by the Fraud Enforcement and
 Recovery Act of 2009, a claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the U.S. government, whether directly or indirectly. Recently, several pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been prosecuted under
 these laws for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product.

Other companies have been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of the companies marketing of the product for unapproved, and thus non-reimbursable,
 uses.

HIPAA created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud or to obtain, by means of false or
 fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any money or property owned by, or under the control or custody of, any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or
 covering up by trick, scheme or device, a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal
 Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation.

36 

Index 

Also, many states have enacted similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in
 several states, apply regardless of the payor, even extending to self-pay items and services.

PDS may be subject to data privacy and security regulations by both the federal government and the states in which it conducts its business. We are not a covered entity under
 HIPAA and have not functioned as a business associate under HIPAA that would cause the HIPAA Security Rule and provisions of the Privacy Rule to apply directly to us as a business associate. To the extent that we ever function in a business
 associate capacity, HIPAA, as amended by the HITECH Act, and its respective implementing regulations, including the final omnibus rule published on January 25, 2013, imposes requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of
 individually identifiable health information. Following enactment of the HITECH Act, HIPAA s privacy and security standards now directly apply to business associates of covered entities that receive or obtain protected health information in
 connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties, gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to
 enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in specified circumstances, many of which differ from
 each other in significant ways, and may apply more broadly thus complicating compliance efforts (for example, California recently enacted legislation the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA which went into effect on January 1, 2020 and
 among other things, creates new data privacy obligations for covered companies and provides new privacy rights to California residents, including the right to opt out of certain disclosures of their information, and creates a private right of
 action with statutory damages for certain data breaches. The CCPA was recently amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA, expanding certain consumer rights such as the right to know. It remains unclear what, if any, additional
 modifications will be made to these laws by the California legislature or how these laws will be interpreted and enforced. The potential effects of the CCPA and CPRA and implementing regulations are significant and may cause us to incur
 substantial costs and expenses to comply.

Even for entities that are not deemed covered entities or business associates under HIPAA, according to the United States Federal Trade Commission, or the FTC, failing to take
 appropriate steps to keep consumers personal information secure constitutes unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act, or the FTCA, 15 USC 45(a). The FTC expects a
 company s data security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of consumer information it holds, the size and complexity of its business, and the cost of available tools to improve security and reduce
 vulnerabilities. Medical data is considered sensitive data that merits stronger safeguards. The FTC s guidance for appropriately securing consumers personal information is similar to what is required by the HIPAA Security Rule. The FTC s authority
 under Section 5 is concurrent with HIPAA s jurisdiction and with any action taken under state law.

Additionally, the Federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act under the Affordable Care Act, and its implementing regulations, require that certain manufacturers of drugs,
 devices, biological and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with certain exceptions, report information related to certain payments or other transfers of value made
 or distributed to physicians and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals at the request of, or designated on behalf of, the physicians and teaching hospitals and to report annually certain ownership and investment interests held by
 physicians and their immediate family members. Failure to submit timely, accurately, and completely the required information may result in civil monetary penalties of up to an aggregate of 150,000 per year and up to an aggregate of 1 million
 per year for knowing failures . In 2022 the Sunshine Act reporting will be extended to payments and transfers of value to physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and other mid-level practitioners (with reporting requirements going into effect
 in 2022 for payments made in 2021). Certain states also mandate implementation of compliance programs, impose restrictions on pharmaceutical manufacturer marketing practices and/or require the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation and
 other remuneration to healthcare providers and entities.

In order to distribute products commercially, PDS must also comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of drug and biological
 products in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Several states have enacted legislation
 requiring pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical studies and other activities, and/or
 register their sales representatives, as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other healthcare entities from providing certain physician prescribing data to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for use in sales and marketing, and to prohibit
 certain other sales and marketing practices. All of PDS s activities are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws.

37 

Index 

We expect that one or more of our products, if approved, may be eligible for coverage under Medicare, the federal health care program that provides health care benefits to the
 aged and disabled, including coverage for outpatient services and supplies, such as certain drug products, that are medically necessary to treat a beneficiary s health condition. In addition, one or more of our products, if approved, may be
 covered and reimbursed under other federal health care programs, such as Medicaid and the 340B Drug Pricing Program. The Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to enter into and have in effect a national rebate
 agreement with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services and pay quarterly rebates based on utilization of a manufacturer s covered outpatient drugs under the program as a condition for states to receive federal matching funds
 for a manufacturer s covered outpatient drugs furnished to Medicaid patients and in order for payment to be available for a manufacturer s drugs under Medicare Part B. Pharmaceutical manufacturers are also required to participate in the 340B Drug
 Pricing Program in order for payment to be available for a manufacturer s drugs under Medicaid and Medicare Part B. Under the 340B Drug Pricing Program, a manufacturer must charge no more than the 340B ceiling price for its covered outpatient
 drugs purchased by statutorily defined covered entities that participate in the program.

In addition, federal law requires that, in order for payment to be available for a manufacturer s drugs under Medicaid and Medicare Part B, as well as to be purchased by certain
 federal agencies and grantees, it must also participate in the Department of Veterans Affairs VA Federal Supply Schedule FSS pricing program. To participate, manufacturers are required to enter into an FSS contract and other agreements
 with the VA for their covered drugs. Under these agreements, manufacturers must make their covered drugs available to the Big Four federal agencies the VA, the Department of Defense DoD ), the Public Health Service (including the Indian
 Health Service), and the Coast Guard at pricing that is capped pursuant to a statutory federal ceiling price, or FCP, formula. The FCP is based on a weighted average non-federal average manufacturer price, which manufacturers are required to
 report on a quarterly and annual basis to the VA. Further, pursuant to regulations issued by the DoD to implement Section 703 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008, manufacturers may enter into an agreement with the
 Defense Health Agency (DHA) under which they agree to honor Big Four pricing for their covered drugs when they are dispensed to TRICARE beneficiaries by TRICARE retail network pharmacies.

As part of the requirements to participate in these government programs, many pharmaceutical manufacturers must calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the
 government, such as average manufacturer price, best price, average sales price, and non-federal average manufacturer price. The calculations can be complex and are often subject to interpretation by manufacturers, governmental or regulatory
 agencies and the courts. Governmental agencies may also make changes in program interpretations, requirements, or conditions of participation, some of which may have implications for amounts previously estimated or paid. Any failure to comply
 with these price reporting and rebate payment obligations, when applicable, could negatively impact our financial results. Civil monetary penalties can be applied if a manufacturer is found to have knowingly submitted any false price information
 to the government, if a manufacturer is found to have made a misrepresentation in the reporting of its average sales price, or if a manufacturer fails to submit the required price data on a timely basis. Such conduct also could be grounds for CMS
 to terminate a manufacturer s Medicaid drug rebate agreement, in which case federal payments may not be available under Medicaid or Medicare Part B for a manufacturer s covered outpatient drugs and may provide a basis for other potential
 liability under other federal laws such as the False Claims Act.

Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that
 governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, guidance, case law or other applicable law. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any
 other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, individual imprisonment, exclusion from participation in federal health care programs, such as
 Medicare and Medicaid, disgorgement, reputational harm, additional oversight and reporting obligations pursuant to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
 and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to market our products, if approved, and adversely impact our financial results. Although effective compliance programs can mitigate the risk
 of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws and regulations, these risks cannot be eliminated entirely. Any action against us for an alleged or suspected violation could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and could
 divert our management s attention from the operation of our business, even if our defense is successful. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found not to be in compliance with
 applicable laws, it may be costly to us in terms of money, time and resources, and they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government-funded healthcare programs.

The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of
 applicable precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between pharmaceutical companies and providers and patients, which has led to a number of investigations,
 prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the industry. Ensuring that business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well as responding to possible investigations by government authorities, can be time- and
 resource-consuming and can divert management s attention from the business, even if investigators ultimately find that no violation has occurred.

38 

Index 

If PDS operations are found to be in violation of any of the federal and state healthcare laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to it, PDS may be
 subject to penalties, including without limitation, civil, criminal and/or administrative penalties; damages; fines; disgorgement; exclusion from participation in government programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid; injunctions; private qui tam 
 actions brought by individual whistleblowers in the name of the government, or refusal to allow it to enter into government contracts; contractual damages; reputational harm; administrative burdens; diminished profits and future earnings; and the
 curtailment or restructuring of its operations; any of which could adversely affect PDS s ability to operate its business and its results of operations.

In addition to the laws discussed above, we may see more stringent state and federal privacy legislation in the future, as the increased cyber-attacks during the COVID-19 pandemic
 have heightened attention to data privacy and security in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. We cannot predict where new legislation might arise, the scope of such legislation, or the potential impact to our business and operations.

Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement

Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any product candidates for which PDS obtains regulatory approval. In the United States and markets in
 other countries, sales of any products for which PDS receives regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend, in part, on the extent to which third-party payors provide coverage, and establish adequate reimbursement levels for such products.
 In the United States, third-party payors include federal and state healthcare programs, private managed care providers, health insurers and other organizations. The process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a
 product may be separate from the process for setting the price of a product or for establishing the reimbursement rate that such a payor will pay for the product. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, also
 known as a formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved products for a particular indication. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of medical
 products, therapies and services, in addition to questioning their safety and efficacy. PDS may need to conduct expensive pharmaco-economic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of its tablet product
 candidates, in addition to the costs required to obtain the FDA approvals. PDS s product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. A payor s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate
 reimbursement rate will be approved. No uniform policy requirement for coverage and reimbursement exists among third-party payors in the United States, which causes significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of
 newly approved products, and the procedures which may utilize such newly approved products. Further, one payor s determination to provide coverage for a product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product.
 Therefore, coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payor to payor and health care provider to health care provider. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that requires the
 provision of scientific and clinical support for the use of new products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. Adequate third-party
 reimbursement may not be available to enable PDS to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on its investment in product development.

Different pricing and reimbursement schemes exist in other countries. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed
 once a reimbursement price has been agreed. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently
 available therapies. Other countries allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines, but monitor and control company profits. The downward pressure on health care costs has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are
 being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some countries, cross-border imports from low-priced markets exert a commercial pressure on pricing within a country.

The marketability of any product candidates for which it receives regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payors fail to provide
 adequate coverage and reimbursement, or require onerous prior approvals or other restricted access. In addition, emphasis on managed care in the United States has increased and PDS expects the pressure on healthcare pricing will continue to
 increase. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which PDS receives regulatory approval, less favorable coverage
 policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future.

There may be significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved products, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the product is
 approved by the FDA. Moreover, eligibility for coverage and reimbursement does not imply that a product, or the procedures which utilize such product, will be paid for in all cases or at a rate which the health care providers who purchase those
 products will find cost effective. Additionally, we expect pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any of our product candidates due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations, and
 additional legislative changes.

39 

Index 

We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for any product that we commercialize, or the procedures which utilize such product, and, if reimbursement is
 available, what the level of reimbursement will be. Coverage and reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. If coverage and reimbursement are not available or
 reimbursement is available only to limited levels, we may not successfully commercialize any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval.

U.S. Healthcare Reform

In recent years, there have been numerous initiatives on the federal and state levels in the United States for comprehensive reforms. In the United States and some foreign
 jurisdictions, there have been and continue to be a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate
 post-approval activities and affect our ability, or the ability of our future collaborators, to effectively sell any drugs for which we, or they, obtain marketing approval. We expect that current laws, as well as other healthcare reform measures
 that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and additional downward pressure on the price that we, or our future collaborators, may receive for any approved drugs. For example, the Patient Protection and
 Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, PPACA has substantially changed and continues to impact healthcare financing and delivery by both government payors and private insurers. Among
 the PPACA provisions of importance to the pharmaceutical industry, in addition to those otherwise described above, are the following:

an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports specified branded prescription drugs and biologic agents, apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain
 federal programs identified in the PPACA;

expansion of beneficiary eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to certain individuals with income at or below 138 of the federal
 poverty level, thereby potentially increasing manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability;

expansion of manufacturers rebate liability under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program by increasing the minimum rebate for both branded and generic drugs and revising the definition of average manufacturer
 price for calculating and reporting Medicaid drug rebates on outpatient prescription drug prices;

extension of manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations;

a separate methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected;

expansion of the types of entities eligible for the 340B drug discount program;

establishment of the Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program that, as a condition for the manufacturers outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D, requires manufacturers to provide a now
 70 point-of-sale-discount off the negotiated price of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period;

establishment of the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation within the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid
 spending, potentially including prescription drug spending;

creation of the Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research;

reporting of certain financial arrangements between manufacturers of drugs, biologics, devices, and medical supplies and physicians and teaching hospitals under the Physician Payments Sunshine Act; and

annual reporting of certain information regarding drug samples that manufacturers and distributors provide to licensed practitioners.

40 

Index 

The framework of the PPACA continues to evolve as a result of executive, legislative, regulatory, and administrative developments that have challenged the law and contribute to
 legal uncertainty that could affect the profitability of our products. While Congress has not enacted legislation to comprehensively repeal the PPACA, legislation affecting the PPACA has been signed into law, including the elimination, effective
 January 1, 2019, of the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the PPACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year, which is commonly referred to as the individual mandate. In
 December 2018, a federal district court in Texas ruled that the PPACA s individual mandate, without the penalty that was eliminated effective January 1, 2019, was unconstitutional and could not be severed from the PPACA. As a result, the court
 ruled the remaining provisions of the PPACA were also invalid. The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the district court s ruling that the individual mandate was unconstitutional, but it remanded the case back to the district court for
 further analysis of whether the mandate could be severed from the PPACA (i.e., whether the entire PPACA was therefore also unconstitutional). On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed this challenge without specifically ruling on the
 constitutionality of the PPACA.

Effective January 1, 2019, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, among other things, further amended portions of the Social Security Act implemented as part of the PPACA to increase
 from 50 to 70 the point-of-sale discount that pharmaceutical manufacturers participating in the Coverage Gap Discount Program must provide to eligible Medicare Part D beneficiaries during the coverage gap phase of the Part D benefit, commonly
 referred to as the donut hole, and to reduce standard beneficiary cost sharing in the coverage gap from 30 to 25 in most Medicare Part D plans. In addition, the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2020, signed into law December 20,
 2019, fully repealed the PPACA s Cadillac Tax on certain high-cost employer-sponsored insurance plans (for tax years beginning after December 31, 2019), the annual fee imposed on certain health insurance providers based on market share (for
 calendar year 2021), and the medical device excise tax on non-exempt medical devices (for sales after December 31, 2019). In the future, there may be additional challenges and/or amendments to the PPACA. It remains to be seen precisely what any
 new legislation will provide, when or if it will be enacted, and what impact it will have on the availability and cost of healthcare items and services, including drug products.

In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the PPACA was enacted. For example, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, resulted in
 reductions in payments to Medicare providers of 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislation, will remain in effect through 2031, with the exception of a temporary suspension of the payment
 reduction from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022 due to the coronavirus pandemic. Sequestration will start again on April 1, 2022. From April 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022, payment for Medicare fee-for-service claims will be adjusted downwards by 1 ;
 beginning on July 1, 2022, the payment will be adjusted downwards by 2 . In addition, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set
 at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. Further, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, among other things, reduced CMS payments to several providers,
 including hospitals, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover Medicare overpayments to providers from three to five years. These legislative changes may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other
 healthcare funding and otherwise affect the prices we may obtain for any of our product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval or the frequency with which any such product candidate is prescribed or used.

Recently, the cost of prescription pharmaceuticals has been the subject of considerable discussion in the United States. Congress considered and passed legislation, and the former
 Trump administration pursued several regulatory reforms to further increase transparency around prices and price increases, lower out-of-pocket costs for consumers, and decrease spending on prescription drugs by government programs. Congress also
 continued to conduct inquiries into the prescription drug industry s pricing practices. While several proposed reform measures will require Congress to pass legislation to become effective, Congress and the Biden administration have each
 indicated that it will continue to seek new legislative and/or administrative measures to address prescription drug costs. The Biden administration has taken several recent executive actions that signal changes in policy from the prior
 administration. For example, on July 9, 2021, President Biden signed an executive order to promote competition in the US economy that included several initiatives addressing prescription drugs. Among other provisions, the executive order directed
 the Secretary of HHS to issue a report to the White House within 45 days that includes a plan to, among other things, reduce prices for prescription drugs, including prices paid by the federal government for such drugs. In response to the
 Executive Order, on September 9, 2021, HHS issued a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that identified potential legislative policies and administrative tools that Congress and the agency can pursue in order to make drug prices
 more affordable and equitable, improve and promote competition throughout the prescription drug industry, and foster scientific innovation. Additionally, on February 2, 2022, the Biden Administration signaled its continued commitment to the
 Cancer Moonshot initiative, which was initially launched in 2016. In its recent announcement, the administration noted that its new goals under the initiative include addressing inequities in order to ensure broader access to cutting-edge cancer
 therapeutics and investing in a robust pipeline for new treatments. At the state level, legislatures are increasingly passing legislation and states are implementing regulations designed to control spending on and patient out-of-pocket costs for
 drug products. Implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms that affect the pricing and/or availability of drug products may impact our ability to generate revenue, attain or maintain profitability, or commercialize
 products for which we may receive regulatory approval in the future.

41 

Index 

Most recently, on August 16, 2022 the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA was signed into law. Among other things, the IRA requires manufacturers of certain drugs to engage in
 price negotiations with Medicare (beginning in 2026), with prices that can be negotiated subject to a cap; imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation (first due in 2023); and
 replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program (beginning in 2025). The IRA permits the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as
 opposed to regulation, for the initial years. For that and other reasons, it is currently unclear how the IRA will be effectuated, and the impact of the IRA on the pharmaceutical industry cannot yet be fully determined.

We expect that these and other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and/or new payment methodologies, and
 place additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product and/or the level of reimbursement physicians and other healthcare providers receive for administering any approved product we might bring to market.
 Reductions in reimbursement levels and imposition of more rigorous coverage criteria or new payment methodologies may negatively impact the prices we receive or the frequency with which our products are prescribed or administered. Any coverage or
 reimbursement policies instituted by Medicare or other federal health care programs may result in similar policies from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may affect our ability to generate
 revenue, attain or maintain profitability, or commercialize our drug candidates. We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state
 governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our drug candidates or additional pricing pressures.

At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price
 or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. In
 addition, regional health care authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other health care programs.
 These measures could reduce the ultimate demand for our products or put pressure on our product pricing. We expect that additional state healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, which could limit the amounts that state governments
 will pay for healthcare products and services and result in additional pricing pressures. The boom in state laws targeting drug pricing is unprecedented and the requirements are not uniform from state to state, creating additional compliance and
 commercialization challenges for manufacturers. If PDS is able to obtain marketing approval for one or more of our products, our revenue and future profitability could be negatively affected if these or other inquiries were to result in legislative
 or regulatory proposals that limit our ability to increase the prices of any products for which we obtain marketing approval.

Foreign Regulation

In order to market any product outside of the United States, we would need to comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries and jurisdictions
 regarding quality, safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical studies, marketing authorization, commercial sales and distribution of its products. Whether or not PDS obtains FDA approval for a product, it would need to obtain
 the necessary approvals by the comparable foreign regulatory authorities before it can commence clinical studies or marketing of the product in foreign countries and jurisdictions. Although many of the issues discussed above with respect to the
 United States apply similarly in the context of the European Union, the approval process varies between countries and jurisdictions and can involve additional product testing and additional administrative review periods. The time required to
 obtain approval in other countries and jurisdictions might differ from and be longer than that required to obtain FDA approval. Regulatory approval in one country or jurisdiction does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or
 delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country or jurisdiction may negatively impact the regulatory process in others.

European Union member states and other foreign jurisdictions, including Switzerland, have adopted data protection laws and regulations which impose significant compliance
 obligations. Moreover, the collection and use of personal health data in the European Union, which was formerly governed by the provisions of the European Union Data Protection Directive, was replaced with the European Union General Data Protection
 Regulation, or the GDPR, in May 2018. The GDPR, which is wide-ranging in scope, imposes several requirements relating to the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, the information provided to the individuals, the security and
 confidentiality of the personal data, data breach notification and the use of third-party processors in connection with the processing of personal data. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the European Union
 to the United States, provides an enforcement authority and imposes large penalties for noncompliance, including the potential for fines of up to 20 million or 4 of the annual global revenues of the noncompliant company, whichever is greater. The
 recent implementation of the GDPR has increased our responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process, including in clinical trials, and we may in the future be required to put in place additional mechanisms to ensure
 compliance with the GDPR, which could divert management s attention and increase our cost of doing business. In addition, new regulation or legislative actions regarding data privacy and security (together with applicable industry standards) may
 increase our costs of doing business. In this regard, we expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards relating to privacy and data protection in the United States, the European Union and other
 jurisdictions, and we cannot determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business.

42 

Index 

Employees and Human Capital Management 

Our management team possesses considerable experience in drug development research, manufacturing, clinical development and regulatory matters. PDS virtual operating
 strategy of collaborating with scientific and clinical experts in cancer immunology, tumor immunology and gynecological oncology provides additional considerable experience in immunotherapy development, clinical design and execution. We have no
 collective bargaining agreements with our employees and we have not experienced any work stoppages.

As of December 31, 2022, we had 26 employees, all of which were full time employees. Our employees are highly skilled, and many hold advanced degrees. We consider our
 relationship with our employees to be good. Our future performance depends significantly upon the continued service of our key scientific, technical, and senior management personnel and our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled
 employees. We provide our employees with market salaries and bonuses, opportunities for equity ownership, development programs that enable continued learning and growth and a robust employment package that promotes well-being across all aspects
 of their lives. In addition to salaries, these programs include potential annual discretionary bonuses, stock awards, a 401(k) plan, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave,
 and flexible work schedules, among other benefits.

Environmental Regulations

We believe we are compliant in all material respects with applicable environmental laws. Presently, we do not anticipate such compliance will have a material effect on capital
 expenditures, earnings, or our competitive position with respect to any of our operations.

ITEM 1A. 

Risk Factors

The risks described below may not be the only ones relating to our company. Additional risks that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our
 business operations. Our business, financial conditions and future prospects and the trading price of our common stock could be harmed as a result of any of these risks. Investors should also refer to the other information contained or incorporated
 by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and related notes, and our other filings from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission or SEC.

Risk Factors Summary

Our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those risks discussed at length below. These risks include, among others, the
 following principal risk factors that make an investment in our company speculative or risky. You are encouraged to carefully review our full discussion of the material risk factors relevant to an investment in our business, which follows the
 brief bulleted list of our principal risk factors set forth below:

We have incurred significant losses since our inception and expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain
 profitability.

We are dependent on the success of our Versamune and Infectimune products, which are still in early-stage clinical development, and if our Versamune and Infectimune
 products do not receive regulatory approval or are not successfully commercialized, our business may be harmed.

We have a limited operating history and have never generated any product revenue.

We will require additional capital to fund our operations, , and if we fail to obtain necessary financing, we may not be able to complete the development and
 commercialization of our Versamune and Infectimune based products.

Raising additional funds by issuing securities may cause dilution to existing stockholders and raising funds through lending and licensing arrangements may restrict our
 operations or require us to relinquish proprietary rights.

We will need to expand our organization, and may experience difficulties in managing this growth, which could disrupt operations.

Our employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, consultants, commercial collaborators, service providers and other vendors may engage in misconduct or
 other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting in the future, we may not be able to accurately report our financial condition,
 results of operations or cash flows, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock. Further, we continue to incur significant increased costs as a result of operating as a public
 company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance initiatives.

Our business and operations would suffer, and could be negatively affected, in the event of system failures or cyberattacks.

43 

Index 

Periodic reporting requirements under the Exchange Act and compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, including establishing and maintaining acceptable internal
 control over financial reporting, are costly and may increase substantially and, as a smaller reporting company, we may take advantage of reduced reporting requirements which may make our common stock less attractive to investors.

Clinical trials are very expensive, time-consuming, difficult to design and implement and involve an uncertain outcome, and if they fail to demonstrate safety and
 efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA, or similar regulatory authorities, we will be unable to commercialize PDS0101 and other Versamune and Infectimune based products.

Enrollment and retention of subjects in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple
 factors outside our control.

We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively.

Our product candidates are in various stages of development and we will not be able to commercialize our product candidates if our preclinical studies do not produce
 successful results and/or our clinical trials do not demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates; early results and early understanding of product candidate potential may not be predictive of later success.

We have no manufacturing, sales, marketing or distribution capability and we must rely upon third parties for such.

If we are unable to establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we may not be successful in
 commercializing PDS0101 and our other product candidates, if approved.

If we obtain approval to commercialize PDS0101 and other candidates outside of the United States, a variety of risks associated with international operations could harm
 our business.

Recently enacted and future healthcare legislation, regulations, and policy initiatives may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and
 commercialize PDS0101 and our other product candidates and affect the prices we may obtain and our profitability.

We rely, and intend to continue to rely, on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and perform some of our research and preclinical studies. If these third parties
 do not satisfactorily carry out their contractual duties, fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or do not meet expected deadlines, our development programs may be delayed or subject to increased costs or we may be unable to
 obtain regulatory approval, each of which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

Our stock price is expected to be volatile, and the market price of our common stock may drop in the future .

We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more
 profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success.

If we are unable to establish or manage strategic collaborations in the future, our revenue and drug development may be limited.

Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of health epidemics, pandemics, or outbreaks of infectious diseases, including the recent COVID-19 pandemic, in
 regions where we or third parties on which we rely have significant manufacturing facilities, concentrations of clinical trial sites or other business operations. The COVID-19 pandemic could materially affect our operations, including at
 our headquarters in New Jersey, and at our clinical trial sites, as well as the business or operations of our manufacturers, CROs or other third parties with whom we conduct business.

If we are unable to obtain and/or maintain patent protection for our Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301 platforms, PDS0101, or other Versamune based Products or if the
 scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets.

We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents, the patents of our licensors or our other intellectual property rights, or defend our products and
 methods against the property rights of others, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful.

If we fail to comply with federal and state healthcare regulatory laws, including in our relationships with healthcare providers and customers and third-party payors, we
 could face criminal prosecution and sanctions, substantial civil penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in governmental healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, and the curtailment of our
 operations, any of which could harm our business.

Our effective tax rate may increase in the future, including as a result of tax legislation changes, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition and results of operations.

44 

Index 

Risks Related to Our Business, Financial Position and Capital Requirements

We have a limited operating history and have never generated any product revenue.

We have no products approved for sale. We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. Our operations to date have been limited to
 organizing our company and developing the Versamune platform and related immunotherapy product candidates that incorporate the technology of our Versamune platform. We have not yet successfully completed a large-scale, pivotal clinical trial,
 obtained marketing approval, manufactured Versamune at commercial scale, or conducted sales and marketing activities that will be necessary to successfully commercialize our Versamune products. Consequently, predictions about our future success
 or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history or a history of successfully developing and commercializing immunotherapies.

Our product candidates will require additional clinical development, evaluation of clinical, preclinical and manufacturing activities, marketing approval in multiple
 jurisdictions, substantial investment and significant marketing efforts before we generate any revenues from product sales. We are not permitted to market or promote any of our product candidates before we receive marketing approval from the FDA
 and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, and we may never receive such marketing approvals.

Our ability to generate revenue and achieve and maintain profitability will depend upon our ability to successfully complete the development of our Versamune based oncology
 products PDS0101, PDS0102, PDS0103, PDS0104, or PDS0301 and Infectimune to treat infectious diseases and to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals. We have never generated any product revenue and have no immunotherapy candidate in late-stage
 clinical development or approved for commercial sale.

Even if we receive regulatory approval for the sale of the Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301 and Infectimune Products, we do not know when we will begin to generate revenue
 from PDS0101 or other products, if at all. Our ability to generate revenue depends on a number of factors, including our ability to:

set an acceptable price for Versamune based immunotherapy candidates, including the Versamune Products, and obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors;

establish sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution systems;

add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our clinical, manufacturing and planned future clinical development and commercialization efforts and operations as a public company; 

develop manufacturing capabilities for bulk materials and manufacture commercial quantities of PDS0101 and other Versamune Products at acceptab le cost levels; 

achieve broad market acceptance of PDS0101 and other Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301 and Infectimune based-products in the medical community and with third-party payors and consumers; 

attract and retain an experienced management and advisory team; 

launch commercial sales of PDS0101 and other Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301 and Infectimune based-products, whether alone or in collaboration w ith others; and 

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual prop erty portfolio. 

Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with immunotherapy development and manufacturing, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of increased
 development expenses, or when we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability, if at all. Our expenses could increase beyond expectations if we are required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, or comparable non-U.S. regulatory
 authorities, to perform studies or clinical trials in addition to those we currently anticipate. Even if PDS0101 is approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with the commercial launch of and the related
 commercial-scale manufacturing requirements for PDS0101 and other Versamune and Infectimune products. If we cannot successfully execute on any of the factors listed above, our business may not succeed, and your investment will be adversely
 affected.

45 

Index 

We have incurred significant losses since our inception and expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future and may never achieve or
 maintain profitability.

We have never generated any product revenues and expect to continue to incur substantial and increasing losses as we continue to develop PDS0101 and other Versamune and Infectimune
 based products. None of our products have been approved for marketing in the United States and may never receive such approval. As a result, we are uncertain when or if we will achieve profitability and, if so, whether we will be able to sustain
 it. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability is dependent on our ability to complete development, obtain necessary regulatory approvals, and have our products manufactured and successfully marketed. We cannot assure you that we
 will be profitable even if we successfully commercialize PDS0101 or other Versamune and Infectimune based products. If we successfully obtain regulatory approval to market PDS0101, our revenues will be dependent, in part, upon, the size of the
 markets in the territories for which regulatory approval is received, the number of competitors in such markets for the approved indication, and the price at which we can offer our products. If the indication approved by regulatory authorities is
 narrower than we expect, or the treatment population is narrowed by competition, physician choice or treatment guidelines, we may not generate significant revenue from sales of our products, even if approved. Even if we do achieve profitability, we
 may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. If we fail to become and remain profitable the market price of our common stock and our ability to raise capital and continue operations will be adversely
 affected.

We expect research and development expenses to increase significantly for PDS0101 and other Versamune and Infectimune based products. In addition, even if we obtain regulatory
 approval, significant sales and marketing expenses will be required to commercialize our products. As a result, we expect to continue to incur significant and increasing operating losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future. These
 losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our financial position and working capital. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of 101.6 and 60.7 million, respectively.

We are dependent on the success of our Versamune and Infectimune products, which are still in early-stage clinical development, and if our Versamune and
 Infectimune products do not receive regulatory approval or are not successfully commercialized, our business may be harmed.

PDS0101 is only in mid clinical development, and as a consequence, it is too early to determine whether the Versamune and Infectimune based products will ever be approved for
 commercial sale or be marketable. We expect that a substantial portion of our efforts and expenditures over the next few years will be devoted to PDS0101 and other Versamune and Infectimune based products. Accordingly, our business currently
 depends heavily on the successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of PDS0101. PDS0101 may not receive regulatory approval or be successfully commercialized even if regulatory approval is received. The research, testing,
 manufacturing, labeling, approval, sale, marketing and distribution of PDS0101 is and will remain subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States and other countries that each have differing
 regulations. We are not permitted to market PDS0101 in the United States until it receives approval of a biologics license application, or BLA, from the FDA, or in any foreign countries until it receives the requisite approval from such
 countries. To date, we have only completed Phase 1/2a clinical trials for certain applications of PDS0101. As a result, we have not submitted a BLA to the FDA or comparable applications to other regulatory authorities and do not expect to be in a
 position to do so for the foreseeable future. Obtaining approval of a BLA is an extensive, lengthy, expensive and inherently uncertain process, and the FDA may delay, limit or deny approval of PDS0101 for many reasons, including:

we may not be able to demonstrate that PDS0101 is safe and effective to the satisfaction of the FDA;

the FDA may not agree that the completed Phase 2 clinical trials of PDS0101 satisfy the FDA s requirements and may require us to conduct addi tional testing; 

the results of our future clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical or clinical significance required by the FDA for mark eting approval; 

the FDA may disagree with the number, design, size, conduct or implementation of one or more of our c linical trials; 

the contract research organizations, or CROs, that we retain to conduct clinical trials may take actions outside of our control that materially and adversely impact our c linical trials; 

the FDA may not find the data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials sufficient to demonstrate that the clinical and other benefits of PDS0101 outweigh th e safety risks; 

the FDA may disagree with our interpretation of data from our preclinical studies and c linical trials; 

the FDA may not accept data generated at our clinic al trial sites; 

if our BLA is reviewed by an advisory committee, the FDA may have difficulties scheduling an advisory committee meeting in a timely manner or the advisory committee may recommend against approval of our application or may recommend that
 the FDA require, as a condition of approval, additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, limitations on approved labeling or distribution and us e restrictions; 

the FDA may require development of a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, as a conditi on of approval; 

the FDA may identify deficiencies in our manufacturing processes or facilities; or 

the FDA may change its approval policies or adopt n ew regulations. 

46 

Index 

We will require additional capital to fund our operations, and if we fail to obtain necessary financing, we may not be able to complete the development and
 commercialization of our Versamune and Infectimune based products.

We expect to spend substantial amounts to complete the development of, seek regulatory approvals for and commercialize PDS0101. Even with our current cash reserves, we will
 require substantial additional capital to complete the development and potential commercialization of PDS0101 and the development of other Versamune and Infectimune based products. If we are unable to raise capital or find appropriate partnering
 or licensing collaborations or other nondilutive financing, when needed or on acceptable terms, if at all, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate one or more of our development programs or any future commercialization efforts. In
 addition, attempting to secure additional financing may divert the time and attention of our management from day-to-day activities and harm our development efforts.

Based upon our current operating plan, we believe that our cash reserves will be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for at least
 the next 24 months from the date of this report. Our estimate as to what we will be able to accomplish is based on assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate, and we could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than is currently
 expected. Because the length of time and activities associated with successful development of PDS0101 is highly uncertain, we are unable to estimate the actual funds we will require for development and any approved marketing and commercialization
 activities. Our future funding requirements, both near and long-term, will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to:

the initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of our planned clinical trials;

the outcome, timing and cost of meeting regulatory requirements established by the FDA and other comparable foreign regulato ry authorities; 

the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing our patent claims and other intellectual p roperty rights; 

the cost of defending potential intellectual property disputes, including any patent infringement actions brought by third parties against us now or in the future; 

the effect of competing technological and marke t developments; 

the cost of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities in regions where we choose to commercialize PDS0101 on our own; and 

the initiation, progress, timing and results of the commercialization of PDS0101, if approved, for c ommercial sale. 

Additional funding may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may
 have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of PDS0101 or potentially discontinue operations. In July 2019, we entered into a common stock purchase agreement, or the Aspire Purchase Agreement, with
 Aspire Capital, which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein, at our discretion, Aspire Capital is committed to purchase up to an aggregate of 20.0 million of shares of our common stock, or
 the Purchased Shares, over the 30-month term of the Aspire Purchase Agreement. We may sell an aggregate of 1,034,979 shares of our common stock (which represented 19.99 of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock on the date of the
 Aspire Purchase Agreement) without stockholder approval. We may sell additional shares of our common stock above the 19.99 limit provided that (i) we obtain stockholder approval or (ii) stockholder approval has not been obtained at any time the
 1,034,979 share limitation is reached and at all times thereafter the average price paid for all shares issued under the Aspire Purchase Agreement, is equal to or greater than 5.76, which was the consolidated closing bid price of our common
 stock on July 26, 2019. On July 29, 2019, we issued 100,654 shares of our common stock to Aspire Capital, as consideration for entering into the Aspire Purchase Agreement, which we refer to as the Commitment Shares. As of December 31, 2022, no
 Purchase Shares have been sold to Aspire Capital under the Aspire Purchase Agreement. The Aspire Purchase Agreement expired in January 2022 and we raised no capital under the Aspire Purchase Agreement.

47 

Index 

Raising additional funds by issuing securities may cause dilution to existing stockholders and raising funds through lending and licensing arrangements may
 restrict our operations or require us to relinquish proprietary rights.

We expect that significant additional capital will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial
 product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, strategic alliances and license and development agreements in connection with any collaborations. In February 2020, we completed an
 underwritten public offering, in which we sold 10,000,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 1.30 per share. The shares sold included 769,230 shares issued upon the exercise by the underwriter of its option to purchase
 additional shares at the public offering price. We received gross proceeds of approximately 13 million and net proceeds of approximately 11.9 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions. In July 2020, we filed a shelf
 registration statement, or the 2020 Shelf Registration Statement, with the SEC, for the issuance of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, rights, debt securities and units, which we refer to collectively as the Shelf Securities, up to an
 aggregate amount of 100 million. The 2020 Shelf Registration Statement was declared effective on July 31, 2020. The 2020 Registration Statement was terminated upon effectiveness of the 2022 Registration Statement (as discussed below). On August
 13, 2020, we sold 6,900,000 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of 2.75 per share pursuant to the 2020 Shelf Registration Statement, which includes 900,000 shares issued upon the exercise by the underwriter of its option to
 purchase additional shares at the public offering price, minus underwriting discounts and commissions. We received gross proceeds of approximately 19.0 million and net proceeds of approximately 17.1 million, after deducting underwriting
 discounts and offering expenses. In June 2021, we completed an underwritten public offering in which we sold 6,088,235 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 8.50 per share pursuant to the 2020 Shelf Registration Statement, which
 includes 794,117 shares issued upon the exercise by the underwriter of its option to purchase additional shares at the public offering price, minus underwriting discounts and commissions. We received gross proceeds of approximately 51.7 million
 and net proceeds of approximately 48.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses.

In August 2022, we filed a shelf registration statement, or the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement, with the SEC for the issuance of common stock, preferred stock, warrants,
 rights, debt securities, and units up to an aggregate amount of 150 million, 50 million of which covers the offer, issuance and sale by the Company of its common stock under the Sales Agreement (as discussed below). The 2022 Shelf Registration
 Statement was declared effective on September 2, 2022. In August 2022, we entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, or the Sales Agreement, with B. Riley Securities, Inc. and BTIG, LLC, each an Agent and collectively the Agents, with
 respect to an at-the-market offering program under which we may offer and sell, from time to time at our sole discretion, shares of our common stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to 50.0 million, or the Placement Shares, through or
 to the Agents, as sales agents or principals. Upon delivery of a placement notice and subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, the Agents may sell the Placement Shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at the
 market offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including, without limitation, sales made through The Nasdaq Capital Market or on any other existing trading market for our common stock. The Agents will use
 commercially reasonable efforts to sell the Placement Shares from time to time, based upon our instructions (including any price, time or size limits or other customary parameters or conditions we may impose). We will pay the Agents a commission
 equal to three percent (3 of the gross sales proceeds of any Placement Shares sold through the Agents under the Sales Agreement, and also has provided the Agents with customary indemnification and contribution rights. We are not obligated to
 make any sales of our common stock under the Sales Agreement. The offering of Placement Shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (i) the sale of all Placement Shares subject to the Sales Agreement or (ii)
 termination of the Sales Agreement in accordance with its terms. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 1,238,491 shares of our common stock for a net value of 9.9 million pursuant to the Sales Agreement. In the first quarter of 2023, we
 sold 553,293 shares of our common stock for a net value of 4.6 million pursuant to the Sales Agreement.

To the extent that we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our existing stockholders ownership may experience substantial dilution, and the terms of these
 securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting
 our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, declaring dividends, creating liens, redeeming our stock or making investments.

If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish
 valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or Versamune Products or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when
 needed, or through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties on acceptable terms, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our PDS0101 development or future
 commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market other Versamune and Infectimune products that we would otherwise develop and market.

48 

Index 

Our operating activities may be restricted as a result of covenants related to the outstanding indebtedness under our venture loan and security agreement
 with Horizon and we may be required to repay the outstanding indebtedness in an event of default, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business.

In August 2022, we entered into a Venture Loan and Security Agreement, or the Loan Agreement, for separate term loans of up to an aggregate amount of 35.0 million, with Horizon
 Technology Finance Corporation, or Horizon, in its capacity as a lender and collateral agent for itself and the other financial institutions that from time to time become parties to the Loan Agreement, collectively referred to as the Lenders,
 secured by a by a security interest in all of our respective rights, title, interests, claims and demands in, to and under all of our respective properties and other assets, subject to limited exceptions and excluding our intellectual property.
 The Loan Agreement contains various covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. These covenants limit our ability to, among other things, sell, transfer, lease or dispose of certain assets; incur indebtedness;
 encumber or permit liens on certain assets; make certain investments; make certain restricted payments, including paying dividends on, or repurchasing or making distributions with respect to, our common stock; and enter into certain transactions
 with affiliates. Our business may be adversely affected by these restrictions on our ability to operate our business. A breach of any of the covenants under the Loan Agreement could result in a default. Upon the occurrence of an event of
 default, the Lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding, if any, to be immediately due and payable. If there are any amounts outstanding that we are unable to repay, the Lenders could proceed against the collateral granted to them to
 secure such indebtedness.

Our future success depends on our ability to retain executive officers and attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel.

We are highly dependent on our executive officers and the other principal members of the executive and scientific teams, particularly our President and Chief Executive Officer,
 Dr. Frank K. Bedu-Addo, our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Lauren Wood, our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Matthew Hill and our Chief Scientific Officer, Dr. Gregory L. Conn. The loss of the services of any of our senior executive officers could impede
 the achievement of our research, development and commercialization objectives. We do not maintain key person insurance for any executive officer or employee.

Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, clinical, and operational personnel is also critical to our success. We may not be able to attract and retain these personnel
 on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. we also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research
 institutions. Our industry has experienced an increasing rate of turnover of management and scientific personnel in recent years. In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in
 devising our research and development and commercialization strategy. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by third parties and have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability
 to advance our strategic objectives. If any of these advisors or consultants can no longer dedicate a sufficient amount of time to the company, our business may be harmed

If we fail to obtain or maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement for PDS0101, our ability to generate revenue could be limited.

The availability and extent of reimbursement by governmental and private payors is essential for most patients to be able to afford expensive treatments. Sales of any of PDS0101
 that receive marketing approval will depend substantially, both in the United States and internationally, on the extent to which the costs of PDS0101 will be paid by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare
 management organizations, or reimbursed by government health administration authorities, private health coverage insurers and other third-party payors. If reimbursement is not available, or is available only on a limited basis, we may not be able
 to successfully commercialize PDS0101. Even if coverage is provided, the approved reimbursement amount may not be high enough to allow us to establish or maintain adequate pricing that will allow it to realize a sufficient return on our
 investment.

Outside the United States, international operations are generally subject to extensive governmental price controls and other market regulations, and we believe the increasing
 emphasis on cost-containment initiatives in Europe, Canada and other countries may cause us to price PDS0101 on less favorable terms than we currently anticipate. In many countries, particularly the countries of the European Union, the prices of
 medical products are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a
 product. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of PDS0101 to other available therapies. In general, the prices of products under such
 systems are substantially lower than in the United States. Other countries allow companies to fix their own prices for products, but monitor and control company profits. Additional foreign price controls or other changes in pricing regulation
 could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for PDS0101. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States, the reimbursement for our products may be reduced compared with the United States and may be insufficient to generate
 commercially reasonable revenues and profits.

49 

Index 

Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and third-party payors, in the United States and internationally, to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to
 limit both coverage and level of reimbursement for newly approved products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for PDS0101. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of PDS0101 due to the
 trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs and surgical procedures and
 other treatments, has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products into the healthcare market.

The Inflation Reduction Act, referred to as the IRA, was recently signed into law by President Biden, which makes significant changes to how drugs are covered and paid for under
 the Medicare program, including the creation of financial penalties for drugs whose prices rise faster than the rate of inflation, redesign of the Medicare Part D program to require manufacturers to bear more of the liability for certain drug
 benefits, and government price-setting for certain Medicare Part D drugs, starting in 2026, and Medicare Part B drugs starting in 2028. We have evaluated, and will continue to evaluate, the effect of the IRA on our business. At this time, we do
 not expect the IRA to have a material effect

We are unable to predict the future course of federal or state healthcare legislation in the United States directed at broadening the availability of healthcare and containing or
 lowering the cost of healthcare. The ACA and any further changes in the law or regulatory framework that reduce our revenue or increase our costs could also have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
 operations.

Even if any of our product candidates receive marketing approval, they may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors and others
 in the medical community necessary for commercial success.

If any of our product candidates receive marketing approval, they may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors and others in the medical
 community. For example, current cancer treatments like chemotherapy and radiation therapy are well-established in the medical community, and doctors may continue to rely on these treatments. If our product candidates do not achieve an adequate
 level of acceptance, we may not generate significant revenues from sales of drugs and we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors,
 including:

the efficacy and safety of the product;

the potential advantages of the product compared to alternative therapies;

the prevalence and severity of any side effects;

whether the product is designated under physician and other provider treatment guidelines as a first-, second- or third-line therapy;

our ability, or the ability of any future collaborators, to offer the product for sale at competitive prices;

the product s convenience and ease of administration for patients and healthcare practitioners compared to alternative treatments;

the willingness of the target patient population to try, and of physicians to prescribe, the product;

limitations or warnings, including distribution or use restrictions and safety information contained in the product s approved labeling;

the strength of sales, marketing and distribution support;

changes in the standard of care for the targeted indications for the product; and

the availability of coverage by, and the amount of reimbursement from, government payors, managed care plans and other third-party payors.

50 

Index 

We will need to expand our organization, and may experience difficulties in managing this growth, which could disrupt operations.

Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize PDS0101 and compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future
 growth. As of December 31, 2022, we had 26 employees and 3 consultants. We expect to hire additional employees for our managerial, clinical, scientific and engineering, operational, manufacturing, sales and marketing teams. We may have
 operational difficulties in connection with identifying, hiring and integrating new personnel. Future growth would impose significant additional responsibilities on our management, including the need to identify, recruit, maintain, motivate and
 integrate additional employees, consultants and contractors. Also, our management may need to divert a disproportionate amount of our attention away from our day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth
 activities. We may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations, which may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, give rise to operational mistakes, loss of business opportunities, loss of employees and reduced
 productivity among remaining employees. Our expected growth could require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development of PDS0101. If we are unable to effectively manage our
 growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our ability to generate and/or grow revenues could be reduced, and we may not be able to implement our business strategy.

Many of the other pharmaceutical companies that we compete against for qualified personnel and consultants have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles and a
 longer history in the industry than us. They also may provide more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement. Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to high-quality candidates and consultants than what it has to
 offer. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high-quality personnel and consultants, the rate and success at which we can select and develop PDS0101 and our business will be limited.

Our employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, consultants, commercial collaborators, service providers and other vendors may engage in
 misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

We are exposed to the risk that our employees and contractors, including principal investigators, consultants, commercial collaborators, service providers and other vendors
 may engage in fraudulent or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or other unauthorized activities that violate the laws and regulations of the FDA and other similar
 regulatory bodies, including those laws that require the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to such regulatory bodies, manufacturing standards, federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse and health regulatory laws and other
 similar foreign fraudulent misconduct laws, or laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. Misconduct by these parties may also involve the improper use or misrepresentation of information
 obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter third-party misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent
 this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If
 any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business and financial results, including the imposition of significant
 civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment
 of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations.

Our business and operations would suffer, and could be negatively affected, in the event of system failures or cyberattacks

Our computer systems and those of our service providers, including our CROs, are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war
 and telecommunication and electrical failures. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our or their operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs. For example, the loss of preclinical or
 clinical trial data from completed, ongoing or planned trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach
 were to result in a loss of or damage to data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of personal, confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development of PDS0101 could be delayed.

A cyberattack or similar incident could occur and result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption, damage to our reputation or financial loss. Our industry
 has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies to conduct certain development and financial activities. Our technologies, systems, networks, or other proprietary information, and those of our vendors, suppliers and other business
 partners, may become the target of cyberattacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of proprietary and other information, or could otherwise lead to
 the disruption of our business operations. Cyberattacks are becoming more sophisticated and certain cyber incidents, such as surveillance, may remain undetected for an extended period and could lead to disruptions in critical systems or the
 unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information. These events could lead to financial loss from remedial actions, loss of business, disruption of operations, damage to our reputation or potential liability. Our systems and
 insurance coverage for protecting against cybersecurity risks may not be sufficient. Further, as cyberattacks continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective
 measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to cyberattacks.

51 

Index 

Our failure to comply with international data protection laws and regulations could lead to government enforcement actions and significant penalties against
 us, and adversely impact our operating results.

EU member states and other foreign jurisdictions, including Switzerland, have adopted data protection laws and regulations which impose significant compliance obligations.
 Moreover, the collection and use of personal health data in the EU, which was formerly governed by the provisions of the EU Data Protection Directive, was replaced with the EU General Data Protection Regulation, or the GDPR, in May 2018. The
 GDPR, which is wide-ranging in scope, imposes several requirements relating to the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, the information provided to the individuals, the security and confidentiality of the personal data,
 data breach notification and the use of third-party processors in connection with the processing of personal data. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the EU to the U.S., provides an enforcement authority
 and imposes large penalties for noncompliance, including the potential for fines of up to 20 million or 4 of the annual global revenues of the noncompliant company, whichever is greater. The GDPR requirements apply not only to third-party
 transactions, but also to transfers of information between us and our subsidiary, including employee information. The recent implementation of the GDPR has increased our responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process,
 including in clinical trials, and we may in the future be required to put in place additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with the GDPR, which could divert management s attention and increase our cost of doing business. In addition, new
 regulation or legislative actions regarding data privacy and security (together with applicable industry standards) may increase our costs of doing business. In this regard, we expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations
 and industry standards relating to privacy and data protection in the United States, the EU and other jurisdictions, and we cannot determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business.

Our failure to comply with state and/or national data protection laws and regulations could lead to government enforcement actions and significant penalties
 against us, and adversely impact our operating results.

There are numerous other laws and legislative and regulatory initiatives at the federal and state levels addressing privacy and security concerns, and some state privacy laws
 apply more broadly than the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, and associated regulations. For example, California recently enacted legislation the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA which went into effect
 January 1, 2020. The CCPA, among other things, creates new data privacy obligations for covered companies and provides new privacy rights to California residents, including the right to opt out of certain disclosures of their information. The
 CCPA also creates a private right of action with statutory damages for certain data breaches, thereby potentially increasing risks associated with a data breach. The CCPA was recently amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA,
 expanding certain consumer rights such as the right to know. It remains unclear what, if any, additional modifications will be made to these laws by the California legislature or how these laws will be interpreted and enforced. The potential
 effects of the CCPA and CPRA and implementing regulations are significant and may cause us to incur substantial costs and expenses to comply.

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting in the future, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
 condition, results of operations or cash flows, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock. Further, we continue to incur significant increased costs as a result of operating as a public
 company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance initiatives.

As a public company, we continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as
 well as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq, impose various requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting and
 changes in corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased our legal and financial compliance costs and
 have made some activities more time-consuming and costly.

Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are
 designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in
 connection with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, may reveal deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive changes to our financial
 statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a
 material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting once that firm begins its Section 404 reviews or becomes aware of either during the conduct of an audit, we could lose investor confidence in the
 accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the Nasdaq Capital Market, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to
 remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets.

52 

Index 

Periodic reporting requirements under the Exchange Act and compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, including establishing and maintaining
 acceptable internal control over financial reporting, are costly and may increase substantially and, as a smaller reporting company, we may take advantage of reduced reporting requirements which may make our common stock less attractive to
 investors.

We are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed
 to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
 in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of
 the control system are met. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some
 activities more time-consuming and costly.

In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In
 particular, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act will require us to perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow management to report on, and our independent registered public
 accounting firm to attest to, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We are currently a smaller reporting company, but we will cease to be a smaller reporting company if we have a non-affiliate public float in
 excess of 250 million and annual revenues in excess of 100 million, or a non-affiliate public float in excess of 700 million, determined on an annual basis. As a smaller reporting company, we could take advantage of certain reduced governance
 and disclosure requirements, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. As a result, investors and
 others may be less comfortable with the effectiveness of our internal controls and the risk that material weaknesses or other deficiencies in internal controls go undetected may increase. In addition, as a
 smaller reporting company, we take advantage of our ability to provide certain other less comprehensive disclosures in our SEC filings, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements in annual reports and simplified executive compensation disclosures. Consequently, it may be more challenging for investors to analyze our results
 of operations and financial prospects, as the information we provide to stockholders may be different from what one might receive from other public companies.

Risks Related to Clinical Development, Regulatory Approval and Commercialization

Clinical trials are very expensive, time-consuming, difficult to design and implement and involve an uncertain outcome, and if they fail
 to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA, or similar regulatory authorities, we will be unable to commercialize PDS0101 and other Versamune and Infectimune based products.

PDS0101 is still in early-stage clinical development and will require extensive additional clinical testing before we are prepared to submit a BLA for regulatory approval for any
 indication or for any other treatment regime. We cannot predict with any certainty if or when it might submit a BLA for regulatory approval for PDS0101 and other Versamune based products or whether any such BLAs will be approved by the FDA. Human
 clinical trials are very expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject to rigorous regulatory requirements. For instance, the FDA may not agree with our proposed endpoints for any clinical trial we propose,
 which may delay the commencement of our clinical trials. The clinical trial process is also time-consuming. We estimate that the clinical trials we need to conduct to be in a position to submit BLAs for PDS0101 will take several years to
 complete. We cannot predict the timeline for review of submissions to any regulatory authorities or when any of our product candidates will receive marketing approval, if at all. The timeline for regulatory approval can be affected by a variety
 of factors, including, budget and funding levels, agency staffing, and statutory, regulatory and policy changes.

Furthermore, failure can occur at any stage of the trials, and we could encounter problems that cause us to abandon or repeat clinical trials. In later stages of clinical trials,
 PDS0101 may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials, and the results of current clinical trials of PDS0101 therefore may not be predictive of the
 results of our continued or planned Phase 2 and 3 trials. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding
 promising results in earlier stages of clinical trials.

Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to multiple interpretations and analyses. Many companies that have believed their immunotherapies performed
 satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval of their products. Success in preclinical testing and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials, which involve
 many more subjects and different indications than we have studied in Phase 2 clinical trials to date, and the results of later clinical trials may not replicate the results of prior clinical trials and preclinical testing. In particular, the
 small number of patients in our planned early clinical trials may make the results of these trials less predictive of the outcome of later clinical trials.

53 

Index 

Product development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or in receiving marketing approvals. We do not know whether any clinical trials will begin as
 planned, will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Significant clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize PDS0101, could allow our competitors
 to bring products to market before we do, and could impair our ability to successfully commercialize PDS0101, any of which may harm our business and results of operations.

Clinical drug development is a lengthy and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. If clinical trials of our product candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to
 the satisfaction of regulatory authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs, experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development of our product candidates or be unable to
 obtain marketing approval.

Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of our product candidates, we must complete preclinical development and then conduct extensive clinical trials to
 demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates. Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is uncertain as to outcome. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at
 any stage of testing. The outcome of preclinical studies and early-stage clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results.

Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in
 preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval of their drugs.

We do not know whether ongoing clinical trials will be completed on schedule or at all, or whether future clinical trials will begin on time, need to be redesigned, enroll patients on time or be
 completed on schedule, if at all. Clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays related to:

obtaining regulatory authorization to commence a trial;

reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations, or CROs, and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and
 clinical trial sites;

obtaining institutional review board or ethics committee approval at each clinical trial site;

recruiting suitable patients to participate in a trial;

the impact of COVID-19 on patient screening, patient enrollment, and follow-up;

patients failing to comply with the clinical trial protocol or dropping out of a trial;

clinical trial sites failing to comply with the clinical trial protocol or dropping out of a trial;

addressing any conflicts with new or existing laws or regulations;

the need to add new clinical trial sites;

manufacturing sufficient quantities of product candidate for use in clinical trials and ensuring clinical trial material is provided to clinical sites in a timely manner; or

obtaining advice from regulatory authorities regarding the statistical analysis plan to be used to evaluate the clinical trial data or other trial design issues.

54 

Index 

We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval or commercialize our product
 candidates, including:

we may receive feedback from regulatory authorities that requires us to modify the design of our clinical trials;

clinical trials of our product candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon drug development programs;

the number of patients required for clinical trials of our product candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical trials may be slower than we anticipate or participants may drop out of these clinical trials at
 a higher rate than we anticipate;

our third-party contractors, including our CROs, may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all;

we, our investigators, or any of the overseeing IRBs or ethics committees might decide to suspend or terminate clinical trials of our product candidates for various reasons, including non-compliance with regulatory requirements, a
 finding that our product candidates have undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics, or a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks;

the cost of clinical trials of our product candidates may be greater than we anticipate;

the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates may be insufficient or inadequate;

regulators may revise the requirements for approving our product candidates, or such requirements may not be as we anticipate; and

any future collaborators that conduct clinical trials may face any of the above issues and may conduct clinical trials in ways they view as advantageous to them but that are suboptimal for us.

If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our product candidates beyond those that we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete clinical
 trials of our product candidates or other testing, if the results of these trials or tests are not positive or are insufficiently positive to support marketing approval, or if there are safety concerns, we may:

incur unplanned costs;

be delayed in obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates or not obtain marketing approval at all;

obtain marketing approval in some countries and not in others;

obtain marketing approval for indications or patient populations that are narrower or more limited in scope than intended or desired;

obtain marketing approval subject to significant use or distribution restrictions or with labeling that includes significant safety warnings, including boxed warnings;

be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; or

have the drug removed from the market after obtaining marketing approval.

Our drug development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or marketing approvals. We do not know whether clinical trials will begin as planned, will need to be restructured
 or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Furthermore, we rely on third-party CROs and clinical trial sites to ensure the proper and timely conduct of our clinical trials, and while we have agreements governing their committed activities, we
 have limited influence over their actual performance. Significant clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors to bring drugs to
 market before we do and impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business and results of operations.

55 

Index 

Enrollment and retention of subjects in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by
 multiple factors outside our control.

We may encounter delays in enrolling, or be unable to enroll, a sufficient number of participants to complete any of our clinical trials. Once enrolled, we may be unable to
 retain a sufficient number of participants to complete any of our trials. Late-stage clinical trials of PDS0101 may require the enrollment and retention of large numbers of subjects. Subject enrollment and retention in clinical trials depends on
 many factors, including the size of the subject population, the nature of the trial protocol, the existing body of safety and efficacy data with respect to the study drug, the number and nature of competing treatments and ongoing clinical trials
 of competing drugs for the same indication, patients and clinicians perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study the proximity of subjects to clinical sites and the eligibility criteria for the study. Moreover, the current
 pandemic is negatively impacting enrollment in many oncology clinical trials.

Furthermore, any negative results we may report in clinical trials of PDS0101 may make it difficult or impossible to recruit and retain participants in other clinical trials of
 PDS0101. Delays or failures in planned subject enrollment or retention may result in increased costs, program delays or both, which could have a harmful effect on our ability to develop PDS0101, or could render further development impractical. In
 addition, we expect to rely on CROs and clinical trial sites to ensure proper and timely conduct of our future clinical trials and, while we intend to enter into agreements governing their services, we will be limited in our ability to compel
 their actual performance in compliance with applicable regulations. Enforcement actions brought against these third parties may cause further delays and expenses related to our clinical development programs.

Our inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients for our clinical trials would result in significant delays or may require us to abandon one or more clinical trials
 altogether. Enrollment delays in our clinical trials may result in increased development costs for our product candidates, which would cause the value of our company to decline and limit our ability to obtain additional financing.

The successful development of immunotherapies is highly uncertain.

Successful development of immunotherapies is highly uncertain and is dependent on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. Immunotherapies that appear promising in
 the early phases of development may fail to reach, or be delayed in reaching, the market for several reasons including: preclinical study results that may show the immunotherapy to be less effective than desired (e.g., the study failed to meet
 its primary objectives) or to have harmful or problematic side effects; clinical study results that may show the immunotherapy to be less effective than expected (e.g., the study failed to meet its primary endpoint) or to have unacceptable side
 effects; failure to receive the necessary regulatory approvals or a delay in receiving such approvals. Among other things, such delays may be caused by slow enrollment in clinical studies, length of time to achieve study endpoints, delays in
 receiving the necessary products or supplies for the conduct of clinical or preclinical trials, additional time requirements for data analysis, or Biologics License Application preparation, discussions with the FDA, an FDA request for additional
 preclinical or clinical data, FDA delays in inspecting manufacturing establishments, failure to receive FDA approval for manufacturing processes or facilities, or unexpected safety or manufacturing issues; manufacturing costs, formulation issues,
 pricing or reimbursement issues, or other factors that make the immunotherapy uneconomical; and the proprietary rights of others and their competing products and technologies that may prevent the immunotherapy from being commercialized. Success
 in preclinical and early and interim clinical studies does not ensure that large-scale clinical studies will be successful. Clinical results are frequently susceptible to varying interpretations that may delay, limit or prevent regulatory
 approvals. The length of time necessary to complete clinical studies and to submit an application for marketing approval for a final decision by a regulatory authority varies significantly from one immunotherapy to the next and may be difficult
 to predict. Even if our product candidates are approved, they may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses and populations for which they may be marketed. They may also be subject to other conditions of approval, may contain significant
 safety warnings, including boxed warnings, contraindications, and precautions, may not be approved with label statements necessary or desirable for successful commercialization, or may contain requirements for costly post-market testing and
 surveillance, or other requirements, including the submission of a REMS, to monitor the safety or efficacy of the products. If we do not receive FDA approval for, and successfully commercialize our product candidates, we will not be able to
 generate revenue from these product candidates in the United States in the foreseeable future, or at all. Any significant delays in obtaining approval for and commercializing our product candidates will have a material adverse impact on our
 business and financial condition.

56 

Index 

In addition, the success of our products will depend on several factors, including the following:

successful initiation, successful patient enrollment and timely completion of clinical trials of these products;

successful initiation and successful patient enrollment and completion of additional clinical trials, for our product candidates;

the impact of COVID-19 on our operations, ability to conduct clinical trials and on the ability of our regulators to review and approve our product candidates;

our ability to demonstrate our products safety, tolerability and efficacy to the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority for marketing approval;

timely receipt of marketing approvals for our products;

obtaining and maintaining patent protection, trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity, both in the United States and internationally;

successfully defending and enforcing our rights in our intellectual property portfolio;

avoiding and successfully defending against any claims that we have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated any intellectual property of any third party;

the performance of our future collaborators, if any;

the extent of, and our ability to timely complete, any required post-marketing approval commitments imposed by FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities;

establishment of supply arrangements with third-party raw materials and drug product suppliers and manufacturers who are able to manufacture clinical trial and commercial quantities of our products and their components and to develop,
 validate and maintain a commercially viable manufacturing process that is compliant with current good manufacturing practices, or cGMP, at a scale sufficient to meet anticipated demand and over time enable us to reduce our cost of
 manufacturing;

establishment of scaled production arrangements with third-party manufacturers to obtain finished products that are compliant with cGMP and appropriately packaged for sale;

successful launch of commercial sales following any marketing approval;

a continued acceptable safety profile following any marketing approval;

commercial acceptance by patients, the medical community and third-party payors;

the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement and pricing by third-party payors and government authorities;

the availability, perceived advantages, relative cost, relative safety and relative efficacy of alternative and competing treatments; and

our ability to compete with other therapies.

We do not have complete control over many of these factors, including certain aspects of clinical development and the regulatory submission process, potential threats to our intellectual property
 rights and the manufacturing, marketing, distribution and sales efforts of any future collaborator. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will ever be able to generate revenue through the sale of our product candidates. If we are not successful
 in commercializing our products, or are significantly delayed in doing so, our business will be materially harmed.

57 

Index 

We may not be able to file INDs or IND amendments to commence additional clinical trials on the timelines we expect, and even if we are able to, the FDA may not
 permit us to proceed .

We may not be able to file INDs for our future product candidates on the timelines we expect. For example, we may experience manufacturing delays or other delays with IND-enabling studies.
 Moreover, we cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing further clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that lead FDA, IRBs, or other authorities to suspend, terminate, or require changes
 to our clinical trials. Additionally, even if such regulatory and other authorities agree with the design and implementation of the clinical trials set forth in an IND, we cannot guarantee that such regulatory authorities will not change their
 requirements in the future. These considerations also apply to new clinical trials or changes to existing clinical trials we may submit as amendments to existing INDs or to a new IND. Any failure to file INDs on the timelines we expect or to obtain
 regulatory clearance or approvals for our trials may prevent us from completing our clinical trials or commercializing our products on a timely basis, if at all.

We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete
 effectively.

The biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapid technological developments and a high degree of competition. As a result, PDS0101 or other Versamune
 and Infectimune based products could become obsolete before we recoup any portion of our related research and development and commercialization expenses. Competition in the biopharmaceutical industry is based significantly on scientific and
 technological factors. These factors include the availability of patent and other protection for technology and products, the ability to commercialize technological developments and the ability to obtain governmental approval for testing,
 manufacturing and marketing. We compete with specialized biopharmaceutical firms in the United States, Europe and elsewhere, as well as a growing number of large pharmaceutical companies that are applying biotechnology to their operations. Many
 biopharmaceutical companies have focused their development efforts in the human therapeutics area, including cancer. Many major pharmaceutical companies have developed or acquired internal biotechnology capabilities or made commercial
 arrangements with other biopharmaceutical companies. These companies, as well as academic institutions and governmental agencies and private research organizations, also compete with us in recruiting and retaining highly qualified scientific
 personnel and consultants. Our ability to compete successfully with other companies in the pharmaceutical field will also depend to a considerable degree on the continuing availability of capital to us.

We are aware of certain investigational new drugs under development or approved products by competitors that are used for the prevention, diagnosis, or treatment of certain
 diseases we have targeted for drug development. Various companies are developing biopharmaceutical products that have the potential to directly compete with PDS0101 even though their approach to may be different. We believe our top clinical-stage
 competitors pursuing cancer immunotherapies and/or vaccines for infectious diseases include, but not limited to Jansen Pharmaceuticals (part of J J), Sanofi-Aventis, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Merck and Pfizer, Inovio, Advaxis, Kite Pharma,
 Hookipa, Moderna, ZIOPHARM Oncology, Heat Biologics, Harpoon Therapeutics, Oncosec Medical, BioNTech, Osivax, Medicago, Vaxart, and Flugen. Many of these companies have substantially greater financial, marketing, and human resources than we do
 (including, in some cases, substantially greater experience in clinical testing, manufacturing, and marketing of pharmaceutical products). If one or more of these companies is successful in developing their technologies, it could materially
 impact our business. We also experience competition in the development of our immunotherapies from universities and other research institutions and competes with others in acquiring technology from such universities and institutions.

Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these
 industries. Our competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing, on an exclusive basis, drugs that are more effective or less costly than PDS0101 or our other Versamune and Infectimune based products.

We will face competition from other drugs currently approved or that will be approved in the future for the treatment of the other cancers and infectious diseases we are
 currently targeting. Therefore, our ability to compete successfully will depend largely on our ability to:

develop and commercialize immunotherapies that are superior to other alternatives in the market;

demonstrate through our clinical trials that PDS0101 is differentiated from existing and fu ture therapies; 

attract qualified scientific, immunotherapy development and commer cial personnel; 

obtain additional patent or other proprietary protection for PDS0101 and other Versamune and Infectimune- based products; 

obtain required regula tory approvals; 

obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement from, and negotiate competitive pricing with, third-pa rty payors; and 

successfully develop and commercialize, independently or with collaborators, new applications for PDS0101 or i mmunotherapies. 

58 

Index 

The availability of our competitors immunotherapies and other treatments could limit the demand, and the price we are able to charge, for PDS0101. The inability to compete
 with existing or subsequently introduced immunotherapies and other treatments would have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects.

Established pharmaceutical companies may invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of novel compounds or to license novel compounds that could make PDS0101 less
 competitive. In addition, any new immunotherapy that competes with an approved treatment must demonstrate compelling advantages in efficacy, convenience, tolerability and safety in order to overcome price competition and to be commercially
 successful. Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection, discovering, developing, receiving the FDA s approval for or commercializing medicines before we do, which would have an adverse impact on our business and
 results of operations.

PDS0101 may cause adverse effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent its regulatory approval or limit the scope of any approved label or
 market acceptance.

Adverse events caused by PDS0101 could cause reviewing entities, clinical trial sites or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result
 in the denial of regulatory approval. If clinical trials for PDS0101 report an unacceptable frequency or severity of adverse events, our ability to obtain regulatory approval for PDS0101 may be negatively impacted.

Furthermore, if PDS0101 is approved and then causes serious or unexpected side effects, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including:

regulatory authorities may withdraw their approval of PDS0101 or impose restrictions on its distribution or other risk management measures;

regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as warnings or con traindications; 

we may be required to change the way PDS0101 is administered or to conduct additional c linical trials; 

we could be sued and held liable for injuries sustain ed by patients; 

we could elect to discontinue the s ale of PDS0101; 

our entire Versamune and Infectimune-based pipeline could be then p ut at risk; and 

our reputat ion may suffer. 

Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of PDS0101 and could substantially increase the costs of commercialization.

In addition, if any of our product candidates are associated with adverse events or undesirable side effects or have properties that are unexpected, our trials could be suspended
 or terminated and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of or deny approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. We, or any future collaborators, may abandon
 development or limit development of that product candidate to certain uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective.
 Drug-related side effects could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, results of operations, financial
 condition and prospects significantly.

If we are not able to obtain, or if there are delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals, we will not be able to commercialize, or will be delayed in
 commercializing, PDS0101, and our ability to generate revenue will be impaired.

PDS0101 and the activities associated with its development and commercialization, including its design, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, recordkeeping, labeling, storage,
 approval, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution, are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies in the United States and by comparable authorities in other countries. Failure to obtain marketing approval
 for PDS0101 will prevent us from commercializing PDS0101. We have not received approval to market PDS0101 from regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction. We have only limited experience in filing and supporting the applications necessary to gain
 marketing approvals and expect to rely on CROs to assist us in this process. Securing regulatory approval requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to the various regulatory authorities for each
 therapeutic indication to establish the safety and efficacy of PDS0101. Securing regulatory approval also requires the submission of information about the product manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the
 relevant regulatory authority. PDS0101 may not be effective, may be only moderately effective or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude it from obtaining marketing approval
 or prevent or limit commercial use.

59 

Index 

The process of obtaining marketing approvals, both in the United States and elsewhere, is expensive, may take many years and can vary substantially based upon a variety of
 factors. We cannot assure you that we will ever obtain any marketing approvals in any jurisdiction. Changes in marketing approval policies during the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations or changes
 in regulatory review for each submitted product application may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. The FDA and comparable authorities in other countries have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse
 to accept any application or may decide that our data is insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical or other studies, and clinical trials. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from preclinical testing and
 clinical trials could delay, limit or prevent marketing approval of PDS0101. Additionally, any marketing approval we ultimately obtain may be limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render the approved product not
 commercially viable.

If any of our product candidates receives marketing approval and we, or others, later discover that the drug is less effective than
 previously believed or causes undesirable side effects that were not previously identified, our ability, or that of any future collaborators, to market the drug could be compromised.

Clinical trials of our product candidates must be conducted in carefully defined subsets of patients who have agreed to enter into clinical trials. Consequently, it is possible
 that our clinical trials, or those of any future collaborator, may indicate an apparent positive effect of a product candidate that is greater than the actual positive effect, if any, or alternatively fail to identify undesirable side effects. If
 one or more of our product candidates receives marketing approval and we, or others, discover that the drug is less effective than previously believed or causes undesirable side effects that were not previously identified, a number of potentially
 significant negative consequences could result, including:

regulatory authorities may withdraw their approval of the drug or seize the drug;

we, or any future collaborators, may be required to recall the drug, change the way the drug is administered or conduct additional clinical trials;

additional restrictions may be imposed on the marketing of, or the manufacturing processes for, the particular drug;

we may be subject to fines, injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties;

regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as a black box warning or a contraindication;

we, or any future collaborators, may be required to create a Medication Guide outlining the risks of the previously unidentified side effects for distribution to patients;

we, or any future collaborators, could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients;

the drug may become less competitive in the marketplace; and

our reputation may suffer.

Any of these events could have a material and adverse effect on our operations and business and could adversely impact our stock price.

We rely, and intend to continue to rely, on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and perform some of our research and preclinical studies. If
 these third parties do not satisfactorily carry out their contractual duties, fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or do not meet expected deadlines, our development programs may be delayed or subject to increased costs or we
 may be unable to obtain regulatory approval, each of which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

There is no guarantee that any such CROs, clinical trial investigators or other third parties on which we rely will devote adequate time and resources to our development
 activities or perform as contractually required. If any of these third parties fail to meet expected deadlines, adhere to our clinical protocols or meet regulatory requirements, otherwise perform in a substandard manner, or terminate their
 engagements with us, the timelines for our development programs may be extended or delayed or our development activities may be suspended or terminated. If our clinical trial site terminates for any reason, we may experience the loss of follow-up
 information on subjects enrolled in such clinical trial unless we are able to transfer those subjects to another qualified clinical trial site, which may be difficult or impossible. In addition, certain of our scientific advisors or consultants
 who receive compensation from us are clinical trial investigators for our clinical trial. Although we believe our existing relationships are within the FDA s guidelines, if these relationships and any related compensation result in perceived or
 actual conflicts of interest, or the FDA concludes that the financial relationship may have affected the interpretation of the trial, the integrity of the data generated at the applicable clinical trial site may be questioned and the utility of
 the clinical trial itself may be jeopardized, which could result in the delay or rejection of any marketing application we submit by the FDA. Any such delay or rejection could prevent us from commercializing PDS0101 or any other product
 candidates.

60 

Index 

Even if we obtain FDA approval in the United States, we may never obtain approval for or commercialize PDS0101 in any other jurisdiction, which would limit our
 ability to realize each product s full market potential.

In order to market PDS0101 in a particular jurisdiction, we must establish and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements on a country-by-country basis
 regarding safety and efficacy. Approval by the FDA in the United States does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions.

In addition, clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries, and regulatory approval in one country does not
 guarantee regulatory approval in any other country. Approval processes vary among countries and can involve additional testing and validation and additional administrative review periods. Seeking foreign regulatory approval could result in
 difficulties and costs for us and require additional preclinical studies or clinical trials that could be costly and time consuming. Regulatory requirements can vary widely from country to country and could delay or prevent the introduction of
 PDS0101 in those countries. PDS0101 is not approved for sale in any jurisdiction, including in international markets, and we do not have experience in obtaining regulatory approval in international markets. If we fail to comply with regulatory
 requirements in international markets or to obtain and maintain required approvals, or if regulatory approvals in international markets are delayed, our target market will be reduced.

Interim, topline and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more subject data become available
 and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data.

From time to time, we may publicly disclose interim, topline or preliminary data from our sponsored or investigator initiated clinical trials, such as preliminary topline
 results which are based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a full analysis of all data related to the particular trial. We also make assumptions,
 estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. In addition, we may report preliminary analyses of only certain endpoints
 rather than all endpoints. As a result, the interim, topline or preliminary results that we report may differ from future results of the same trials, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have
 been received and fully evaluated. Topline data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, interim, topline
 and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. We may also disclose interim data from our clinical trials. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of
 the clinical outcomes may materially change as subject enrollment continues and more subject data become available. Adverse differences between interim, topline or preliminary data and final data could significantly harm our reputation and
 business prospects. Further, disclosure of interim, topline or preliminary data by us or by our competitors could result in volatility in the price of our common stock.

Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the
 importance of data differently, which could impact the potential of the particular program, the likelihood of marketing approval or commercialization of the particular drug candidate, any approved product, and our company in general. In addition,
 the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is derived from information that is typically extensive, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is material or otherwise appropriate
 information to include in our disclosure, and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular program, drug
 candidate or our business.

If the interim, topline or preliminary data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our
 ability to pursue strategic alternatives, including identifying and consummating transactions with third-party partners, to further develop, obtain marketing approval for and/or commercialize our drug candidates may be harmed, which could harm
 our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition.

61 

Index 

The outcome of preclinical testing and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, interim results
 of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results, and the results of our clinical trials may not satisfy the requirements of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities.

We currently have no drugs approved for sale and we cannot guarantee that we will ever have marketable drugs. Clinical failure can occur at any stage of clinical development.
 Clinical trials may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we or any future collaborators may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or preclinical studies. We will be required to demonstrate with
 substantial evidence through adequate and well-controlled clinical trials that our product candidates are safe and effective for use in treating specific conditions in order to obtain marketing approvals for their commercial sale. Success in
 preclinical studies and early-stage clinical trials does not mean that future larger registration clinical trials will be successful because product candidates in later-stage clinical trials may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the
 satisfaction of the FDA and non-U.S. regulatory authorities despite having progressed through preclinical studies and early-stage clinical trials. Product candidates that have shown promising results in preclinical studies and early-stage
 clinical trials may still suffer significant setbacks in subsequent registration clinical trials. Additionally, the outcome of preclinical studies and early-stage clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later-stage clinical
 trials.

In addition, the design of a clinical trial can determine whether its results will support approval of a drug and flaws in the design of a clinical trial may not become apparent
 until the clinical trial is well advanced. We have limited experience in designing clinical trials and may be unable to design and conduct a clinical trial to support marketing approval. Further, if our product candidates are found to be unsafe
 or lack efficacy, we will not be able to obtain marketing approval for them and our business would be harmed. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical industry, including those with greater resources and experience than us, have suffered
 significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials, even after obtaining promising results in preclinical studies and earlier clinical trials.

In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety and efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same product candidate due to numerous factors,
 including changes in trial protocols, differences in size and type of the patient populations, differences in and adherence to the dosing regimen and other trial protocols and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. We do not know
 whether any clinical trials we may conduct will demonstrate consistent or adequate efficacy and safety sufficient to obtain marketing approval to market our product candidates.

In addition, in the event that an adverse safety issue, clinical hold, or other adverse finding occurs in one of our clinical trials, that event could adversely affect any other
 clinical trials for the same product candidate. An adverse safety issue or other adverse finding in a clinical trial conducted by a third party with a similar mechanism of action could adversely affect clinical trials involving our product
 candidates.

Further, our product candidates may not be approved even if they achieve their primary endpoints in clinical trials, including registration trials. The FDA or comparable foreign
 regulatory authorities may disagree with our trial design and our interpretation of data from preclinical studies and clinical trials. In addition, any of these regulatory authorities may change requirements for the approval of a product
 candidate even after reviewing and providing comments or advice on a protocol for a pivotal clinical trial that has the potential to result in approval by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. In addition, any of these regulatory
 authorities may also approve a product candidate for fewer or more limited indications than we request or may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials. In addition, the FDA or other comparable foreign
 regulatory authorities may not approve the labeling claims that we believe would be necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our product candidates.

Before obtaining marketing approvals for the commercial sale of any product candidate for a target indication, we must demonstrate with substantial evidence gathered in
 preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials, and, with respect to approval in the United States, to the satisfaction of the FDA and elsewhere to the satisfaction of other comparable foreign regulatory authorities, that
 the product candidate is safe and effective for use for that target indication. There is no assurance that the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities will consider our future clinical trials to be sufficient to serve as the basis
 for approval of one of our product candidates for any indication. The FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities retain broad discretion in evaluating the results of our clinical trials and in determining whether the results
 demonstrate that a product candidate is safe and effective. If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials of a product candidate than we expect prior to its approval, we will need substantial additional funds and there is no assurance
 that the results of any such additional clinical trials will be sufficient for approval.

62 

Index 

Our product candidates are in various stages of development and we will not be able to commercialize our product candidates if our
 preclinical studies do not produce successful results and/or our clinical trials do not demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates; early results and early understanding of product candidate potential may not be predictive of
 later success.

Our oncology and infectious disease product candidates are susceptible to the risks of failure inherent at any stage of product development, including the
 occurrence of unexpected or unacceptable adverse events or the failure to demonstrate efficacy in clinical trials. Clinical development is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain.

The results of preclinical studies, preliminary study results, and early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of
 later-stage clinical trials. Our product candidates may not perform as we expect, may ultimately have a different or no impact than expected, may have a different mechanism of action than we initially understand or that we expect in humans, and
 may not ultimately prove to be safe and effective.

Preliminary and final results from preclinical studies and early-stage trials, and trials in compounds that we believe are similar to ours, may not be
 representative of results that are found in larger, controlled, blinded, and longer-term studies. Product candidates may fail at any stage of preclinical or clinical development. Product candidates may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy
 traits even if they have progressed through preclinical studies or initial clinical trials. Preclinical studies and clinical trials may also reveal unfavorable product candidate characteristics, including safety concerns. A number of companies in
 the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in clinical trials, notwithstanding promising results in earlier preclinical studies or clinical trials or promising mechanisms of action. In some instances, there can be
 significant variability in safety or efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same product candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and type of the
 patient populations, changes in and adherence to the clinical trial protocols and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. Moreover, should there be an issue with the design of a clinical trial, our results may be impacted. We may
 not discover such a flaw until the clinical trial is at an advanced stage.

We may also experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval or
 commercialize our product candidates. There may be emerging new data or regulatory questions or disagreements regarding interpretations of data and results at any stage. For example, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may
 disagree with our study design, including endpoints, or our interpretation of data from preclinical studies and clinical trials or find that a product candidate s benefits do not outweigh its safety risks.

Even if we obtain regulatory approval, we will still face extensive ongoing regulatory requirements and PDS0101 and other candidates may face future
 development and regulatory difficulties.

Marketing of PDS0101, if approved, along with the manufacturing processes, post- approval clinical data, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage,
 recordkeeping, export, import, advertising and promotional activities for PDS0101, among other things, will be subject to extensive and ongoing requirements of and review by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. These requirements include
 submissions of safety, efficacy and other post-marketing information and reports, establishment registration and drug listing requirements, continued compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice, or cGMP, requirements relating to
 manufacturing, quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records and documents, requirements regarding the distribution of samples to physicians and recordkeeping and current Good Clinical Practice, or cGCP requirements
 for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. Even if marketing approval of PDS0101 is granted, the approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which PDS0101 may be marketed or to the conditions of approval. If
 PDS0101 receives marketing approval, an accompanying label may limit the approved use of PDS0101, which could limit sales.

The FDA may also impose requirements for costly post-marketing studies or clinical trials and surveillance to monitor the safety and/or efficacy of PDS0101. The FDA closely
 regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs to ensure drugs are marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. The FDA imposes stringent restrictions on manufacturers 
 communications regarding off-label use and if we promote or otherwise market PDS0101 for indications other than those for which it is approved, we may be subject to certain enforcement actions. Violations of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic
 Act relating to the promotion of prescription biopharmaceutical products may lead to FDA enforcement actions and investigations alleging violations of federal and state health care fraud and abuse laws, as well as state consumer protection laws.

63 

Index 

In addition, later discovery of previously unknown adverse events or other problems with PDS0101, manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with
 regulatory requirements, may yield various results, including:

restrictions on manufacturing PDS0101;

restrictions on the labeling or market ing of PDS0101; 

restrictions on PDS0101 distr ibution or use; 

requirements to conduct post-marketing studies or c linical trials; 

suspension of any of our ongoing clinical trials;

w arning letters; 

withdrawal of PDS0101 f rom the market; 

refusal to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications that we submit; 

reca lls of PDS0101; 

fines, restitution or disgorgement of profi ts or revenues; 

suspension or withdrawal of marke ting approvals; 

refusal to permit the import or exp ort of PDS0101; 

seizures of PDS0101; or 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or crim inal penalties. 

Any government investigation of alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response and could generate negative publicity. Any failure
 to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may significantly and adversely affect our ability to commercialize and generate revenue from our product candidates, if approved. If regulatory sanctions are applied or if regulatory approval is
 withdrawn, the value of our company and our operating results will be adversely affected.

The regulatory requirements and policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted for which we may also be required to comply. We cannot predict the
 likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or in other countries. If we or any future collaboration partner are not able to maintain
 regulatory compliance, we or such collaboration partner, as applicable, may face government enforcement action and our business will suffer. Moreover, our or our future collaborators ability to market any future drugs could be limited, which
 could adversely affect our ability to achieve or sustain profitability. Further, the cost of compliance with post-approval regulations may have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition.

64 

Index 

Even if PDS0101 receives licensure, it may fail to achieve market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors or others in the medical
 community necessary for commercial success.

If PDS0101 receives marketing approval, it may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical
 community. If PDS0101 does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant revenues and become profitable. The degree of market acceptance, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors,
 including but not limited to:

the efficacy and potential advantages compared to alternative treatments;

effectiveness of sales and mar keting efforts; 

the cost of treatment in relation to alternat ive treatments; 

our ability to offer PDS0101 for sale at comp etitive prices; 

the convenience and ease of administration compared to alternat ive treatments; 

the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe t hese therapies; 

the willingness of the medical community to offer customers PDS0101 in addition to or in the place of other i mmunotherapies; 

the strength of marketing and distri bution support; 

the availability of third-party coverage and adequate reimbursement; 

whether the product is designated under physician and other provided treatment guidelines as a first, second, or third line therapy;

the prevalence and severity of any si de effects; and 

any restrictions on the use of PDS0101 together with oth er medications. 

Because we expect sales of PDS0101, if approved, to generate substantially all of our revenues for the foreseeable future, the failure of PDS0101 to achieve market acceptance
 would harm our business and could require us to seek additional financing sooner than we otherwise plan.

We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may
 be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success.

Because we have limited financial and managerial resources, we are initially developing our lead product candidate, PDS0101 and the other Versamune and Infectimune based products.
 As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to timely capitalize
 on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. If we do not
 accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it
 would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate.

65 

Index 

If we fail to comply with federal and state healthcare regulatory laws, including in our relationships with healthcare providers and customers and third-party
 payors, we could face criminal prosecution and sanctions, substantial civil penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in governmental healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, and the curtailment of
 our operations, any of which could harm our business.

Although we do not provide healthcare services or submit claims for third-party reimbursement, we are subject to healthcare fraud and abuse regulation and enforcement by federal and
 state governments, which could significantly impact our business, particularly if and when we commercialize any product candidates and if and when payment becomes available from payors for our products. Additionally, our future arrangements with
 third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute
 our medicines for which we obtain marketing approval. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to:

The Federal Anti-Kickback Statute (AKS), which prohibits, among other things, persons and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering, or paying remuneration, directly or
 indirectly, in cash or in kind, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of, any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under
 federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. The Affordable Care Act, among other things, amended the intent requirements of the federal AKS. A person or entity can now be found guilty of violating the AKS without actual knowledge of
 the statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the Affordable Care Act provides that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal AKS constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA.

The False Claims Act s civil provisions, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare,
 Medicaid or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent; knowingly making using, or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement to get a false or fraudulent claim paid or approved by the government; or knowingly making, using,
 or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. Intent to deceive is not required to establish liability under the civil False Claims Act.

The False Claims Act s criminal provisions, which imposes criminal fines or imprisonment against individuals or entities who make or present a claim to the government knowing such claim to be
 false, fictitious or fraudulent.

The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, as amended, prohibits, among other actions, executing or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud or to obtain,
 by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, a healthcare benefit program, regardless of whether the payor is public or private, knowingly and
 willfully embezzling or stealing from a health care benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a health care offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing, or covering up by any trick or device a material fact
 or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items, or services relating to healthcare matters.

HIPAA, as amended by the HITECH Act, and its respective implementing regulations, now makes HIPAA s privacy and security standards directly applicable to
 business associates independent contractors or agents of covered entities that receive or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity.

Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act, or the FTCA, 15 USC 45(a), given that even for entities that are not deemed covered entities or business associates under HIPAA, according to the United States Federal
 Trade Commission, or the FTC, failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers personal information secure constitutes unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of its laws. The FTC
 expects a company s data security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of consumer information it holds, the size and complexity of its business, and the cost of
 available tools to improve security and reduce vulnerabilities. Medical data is considered sensitive data that merits stronger safeguards. The FTC s guidance for appropriately securing consumers personal information is similar to what is required by the HIPAA Security Rule.

The federal Sunshine and Open Payments requirements under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care Education Reconciliation Act, or collectively, the
 Affordable Care Act, which require certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies to report annually to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services information related to payments and other transfers of value to
 physicians, other healthcare providers, and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment interests held by physicians and other healthcare providers and their immediate family members. Failure to submit timely, accurately, and completely the
 required information may result in civil monetary penalties of up to an aggregate of 150,000 per year and up to an aggregate of 1 million per year for knowing failures . 
 In 2022 the Sunshine Act was extended to payments and transfers of value to physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and other mid-level practitioners (with reporting requirements going into effect in 2022 for payments made in 2021). In addition,
 Section 6004 of the ACA requires annual reporting of information about drug samples that manufacturers and authorized distributors provide to healthcare providers.

66 

Index 

State law equivalents of each of the above federal laws and state laws otherwise addressing the pharmaceutical and healthcare industries, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws
 that may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, and in some cases that may apply regardless of payor, i.e., even if
 reimbursement is not available; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines (the PhRMA Code) and the relevant compliance program guidance promulgated by the federal
 government (HHS-OIG), or otherwise prohibit, restrict or impose tracking and disclosure requirements related to payments, gifts, or others remuneration that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources, or marketing
 practices to such persons and entities or drug pricing information; data privacy and security laws and regulations in foreign jurisdictions that may be more stringent than those in the United States (such as the European Union, which adopted the
 General Data Protection Regulation, which became effective in May 2018) and state laws governing the privacy and security of information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same
 effect, and may apply more broadly than HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts.

In our business, healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of our product candidates, if approved for
 marketing. Moreover, while we do not plan to submit claims and our customers will make the ultimate decision on how to submit claims, from time to time, we may provide reimbursement guidance to our customers. Current or future arrangements with
 physicians and other healthcare providers and customers, and third-party payors, may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and
 relationships through which we market, sell and distribute our medicines for which we obtain marketing approval. If a government authority were to conclude that we provided improper advice to our customers or encouraged the submission of false
 claims for reimbursement or failed to comply with government price reporting requirements, or engaged in off-label promotion of products, we could face action by government authorities. Any violations of these laws, or any action against us for
 violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition.

We have entered into consulting and employment arrangements with individuals, physicians and other healthcare providers. While we have worked to structure our arrangements to comply
 with applicable laws, because of the complex and far-reaching nature of these laws, regulatory agencies may view these transactions as prohibited arrangements that must be restructured, or discontinued, or for which we could be subject to other
 significant penalties. We could be adversely affected if regulatory agencies interpret our financial relationships with providers who serve as clinical investigators in our clinical trials, or influence the ordering of and use our products to be in
 violation of applicable laws.

The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of
 applicable precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions,
 convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry.

Responding to investigations can be time- and resource-consuming and can divert management s attention from the business. Additionally, as a result of these investigations,
 healthcare providers and entities may have to agree to additional onerous compliance and reporting requirements as part of a consent decree or corporate integrity agreement. Any such investigation or settlement could increase our costs or otherwise
 have an adverse effect on our business.

Even if we are able to commercialize any product candidate, such product candidate may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations, third-party coverage
 and reimbursement policies or healthcare reform initiatives, which could harm our business.

The regulations that govern marketing approval, pricing, coverage and reimbursement for new drugs vary widely from country to country. Some countries require approval of the sale
 price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing approval is granted. In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even
 after initial approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain marketing approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay our commercial launch of the product, possibly for lengthy time periods,
 and negatively impact the revenues we are able to generate from the sale of the product in that country. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in one or more product candidates, even if our product candidates
 obtain marketing approval.

67 

Index 

Our ability to commercialize any products successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement and coverage for these products and related treatments will be
 available from government authorities, private health insurers and other organizations, and if reimbursement and coverage is available, the level of reimbursement and coverage. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health
 insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. A primary trend in the healthcare industry in the United States and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities
 and third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Increasingly, the third-party payors who reimburse patients or healthcare providers, such as government and
 private insurance plans, are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices, and are seeking to reduce the prices charged or the amounts reimbursed for medical products. We cannot be sure that coverage and
 reimbursement will be available for any drug that we commercialize and, if coverage and reimbursement are available, we cannot be sure as to the level of reimbursement. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product candidate
 for which we obtain marketing approval. If reimbursement is not available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval.

There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for newly approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the drug is approved by the FDA or
 comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any drug will be reimbursed in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution.
 Interim reimbursement levels for new drugs, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used, may
 be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost drugs, may be incorporated into existing payments for other items or services and may reflect budgetary constraints or imperfections in Medicare data. Net prices for drugs may be reduced
 by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United
 States. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement rates from both government-funded and private
 payors for new products that we develop and for which we obtain marketing approval could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products and our overall financial condition.

Product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and could limit the commercialization of PDS0101.

We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing of PDS0101 in human clinical trials and will face an even greater risk if we commercially sell
 any products that we may develop after approval. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in:

decreased demand for PDS0101 or other immunotherapies that we may develop;

injury to our reputation and significant negative m edia attention; 

withdrawal of clinical tria l participants; 

significant costs to defend any rela ted litigation; 

substantial monetary awards to trial subjec ts or patients; 

loss of revenue; and 

the inability to commercialize any products we may develop. 

Although we maintain product liability insurance coverage in the amount of up to 10 million per claim and 10 million in the aggregate, it may not be adequate to cover all
 liabilities that it may incur. We anticipate that we will need to increase our insurance coverage as we continue clinical trials and if we successfully commercialize any products. Insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able
 to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise.

68 

Index 

If we are unable to establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, we may not be
 successful in commercializing PDS0101 and other product candidates, if approved.

We do not have any infrastructure for the sales, marketing or distribution of PDS0101 or other product candidates, and the cost of establishing and maintaining such an
 organization may exceed the cost-effectiveness of doing so. In order to market PDS0101 or other product candidates, we must build our sales, distribution, marketing, managerial and other non-technical capabilities or make arrangements with third
 parties to perform these services. To achieve commercial success for PDS0101 or other product candidates, we will need either our own, or a third party s, sales and marketing organization. There are significant expenses and risks involved with
 creating teams for, or contracting for, sales, marketing and distribution capabilities. Any failure or delay in the development of our sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, either internally or in collaboration with third parties, could
 delay the launch of PDS0101 or other product candidates, which would adversely affect commercialization.

We may be competing with many companies that currently have extensive and well-funded marketing and sales operations. Without an internal team or the support of a third-party to
 perform marketing and sales functions, we may be unable to compete successfully against these more established companies.

If we obtain approval to commercialize PDS0101 or other product candidates outside of the United States, a variety of risks associated with international
 operations could harm our business.

If PDS0101 or other product candidates is approved for commercialization, we may enter into agreements with third parties to market them in certain jurisdictions outside the
 United States. We expect that we will be subject to additional risks related to international operations or entering into international business relationships, including:

different regulatory requirements for drug approvals and rules governing drug commercialization in foreign countries;

reduced protection for intellectual p roperty rights; 

unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulator y requirements; 

economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economi es and markets; 

compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or tr aveling abroad; 

foreign reimbursement, pricing and ins urance regimes; 

foreign taxes;

foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenues, and other obligations incident to doing business in a nother country; 

workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 

potential noncompliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 and similar anti-bribery and anticorruption laws in other jurisdictions; 

shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilit ies abroad; and 

business interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, or natural disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, fl oods and fires. 

We have no prior experience in these areas. In addition, there are complex regulatory, tax, labor and other legal requirements imposed by both the European Union and many of the
 individual countries in Europe with which we will need to comply.

69 

Index 

Recently enacted and future healthcare legislation, regulations, and policy initiatives may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing
 approval of and commercialize PDS0101 or other product candidates and affect the prices we may obtain and our profitability.

In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that
 could, among other things, prevent or delay marketing approval of PDS0101 and our other product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell PDS0101 and other product candidates.

For example, in March 2010, the Affordable Care Act, or ACA, was enacted to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance
 remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for health care and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. Since its enactment, there have
 been judicial, executive and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the
 constitutionality of the Act. Prior to the Supreme Court s decision, President Biden issued an executive order to initiate a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance
 coverage through the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid
 demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. It is unclear how other healthcare reform
 measures of the Biden administration or other efforts, if any, to challenge, repeal or replace the ACA will impact health care laws and regulations or our business.

As another example, the Drug Supply Chain Security Act imposes obligations on manufacturers of prescription biopharmaceuticals in finished dosage forms for commercial
 distribution. We have not yet adopted the significant measures that will be required to comply with this law. We are not sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the current regulations, guidance or interpretations
 will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on our business, if any, may be.

We expect that additional state and federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments
 will pay for immunotherapies, which could result in reduced demand for PDS0101 and other product candidates or additional pricing pressures.

Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties

We have no manufacturing, sales, marketing or distribution capability and we must rely upon third parties for such.

We currently have agreements with various third-party manufacturing facilities for production of our products for research and development and testing purposes. We depend on
 third-party manufacturers to supply our preclinical and clinical materials and will be reliant on a third-party manufacturer to produce PDS0101 on a commercial scale, should that product receive regulatory approval. Third-party manufacturers must
 be able to meet our deadlines and adhere to quality standards and specifications. Our predominant reliance on third parties for the manufacture of PDS0101 and all of our Versamune and Infectimune based products creates a dependency that could
 severely disrupt our research and development, clinical testing, and sales and marketing efforts if the source of such supply proves to be unreliable or unavailable. There is no assurance that any third-party manufacturers will be able to meet
 commercialized scale production requirements in a timely manner or in accordance with applicable standards or cGMP.

We expect to rely on third-party manufacturers or third-party collaborators for the manufacture of our product candidates for commercial supply of any of our product candidates for which we or any
 of our future collaborators obtain marketing approval. We may be unable to establish any agreements with third-party manufacturers or to do so on acceptable terms. Even if we are able to establish agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance
 on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including:

the possible failure of the third party to manufacture our product candidate according to our schedule, or at all, including if our third-party contractors give greater priority to the supply of other products over our product candidates
 or otherwise do not satisfactorily perform according to the terms of the agreements between us and them;

the possible termination or nonrenewal of agreements by our third-party contractors at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us;

the possible breach by the third-party contractors of our agreements with them;

the failure of third-party contractors to comply with applicable regulatory requirements;

the possible failure of the third party to manufacture our product candidates according to our specifications;

the impact of COVID-19 on the facilities of our manufacturers and their supply lines;

the possible mislabeling of clinical supplies, potentially resulting in issues including the wrong dose amounts being supplied or active drug or placebo not being properly identified;

the possibility of clinical supplies not being delivered to clinical sites on time, leading to clinical trial interruptions, or of drug supplies not being distributed to commercial vendors in a timely manner, resulting in lost sales; and

the possible misappropriation of our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how.

70 

Index 

The facilities used by our contract manufacturers to manufacture our product candidates must be approved by the FDA or the EMA pursuant to inspections that will be conducted after we submit our BLA
 to the FDA or our MAA to the EMA. We do not have complete control over all aspects of the manufacturing process of, and are dependent on, our contract manufacturing partners for compliance with cGMP regulations for manufacturing both active drug
 substances and finished drug products. Third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply with cGMP regulations or similar regulatory requirements outside of the United States. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material
 that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory bodies, they will not be able to secure and/or maintain marketing approval for their manufacturing facilities. In addition, we do
 not have complete control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA, the EMA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these
 facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain marketing
 approval for or market our product candidates, if approved.

Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties,
 delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of product candidates or drugs, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our product
 candidates and harm our business and results of operations.

Any drugs that we may develop may compete with other product candidates and drugs for access to manufacturing facilities. There are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP
 regulations and that might be capable of manufacturing for us.

Any performance failure on the part of our existing or future manufacturers could delay clinical development or marketing approval.

We do not currently have arrangements in place for redundant supply of the components of our product candidates. If our current contract manufacturer cannot perform as agreed, we may be required to
 replace that manufacturer. Although we believe that there are several potential alternative manufacturers who could manufacture our product candidates, we may incur added costs and delays in identifying and qualifying any such replacement.

Our current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of our product candidates or drugs may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to commercialize any drugs that receive
 marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis.

We intend to rely on third parties to conduct, supervise and monitor our clinical trials, and if those third parties perform in an unsatisfactory manner,
 it may harm our business.

We intend to rely on CROs and clinical trial sites to ensure the proper and timely conduct of our clinical trials, and we expect to have limited influence over their actual
 performance.

We intend to rely upon CROs to monitor and manage data for our clinical programs. We expect to control only certain aspects of our CROs activities. Nevertheless, we will be
 responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities.

We and our CROs will be required to comply with the Good Laboratory Practices and GCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA and are also required by the
 Competent Authorities of the Member States of the European Economic Area and comparable foreign regulatory authorities in the form of International Conference on Harmonization guidelines for our products. The Regulatory authorities enforce GCPs
 through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and clinical trial sites. If we or our CROs fail to comply with GCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable
 foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. Accordingly, if our CROs fail to comply with these regulations or fail to recruit a sufficient number of subjects, we
 may be required to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process.

Our CROs will not be our employees, and we will not control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our future clinical and nonclinical programs. These CROs
 may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials, or other drug development activities which could harm our competitive position. We face the risk of
 potential unauthorized disclosure or misappropriation of our intellectual property by CROs, which may reduce our trade secret protection and allow our potential competitors to access and exploit our proprietary technology. If our CROs do not
 successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations, fail to meet expected deadlines, or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory
 requirements or for any other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for, or successfully commercialize PDS0101. As a result, our financial results and the
 commercial prospects for PDS0101 would be harmed, our costs could increase, and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed.

71 

Index 

If our relationship with these CROs terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or do so on commercially reasonable terms. Switching or
 adding additional CROs involves substantial cost and requires management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work. As a result, delays occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet
 our desired clinical development timelines. Though we intend to carefully manage our relationships with our CROs, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not
 have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects.

If we are unable to establish or manage strategic collaborations in the future, our revenue and drug development may be limited.

Our strategy may include potential reliance upon strategic collaborations for marketing and commercialization of PDS0101 and other Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301 and
 Infectimune Products. We also rely on strategic collaborations for research, development, marketing and commercialization for PDS0101 and other Versamune Products. We have also been heavily reliant upon third party outsourcing for our clinical
 trials execution and production of drug supplies for use in clinical trials.

Establishing strategic collaborations is difficult and time-consuming. Our discussions with potential collaborators may not lead to the establishment of collaborations on
 favorable terms, if at all. We face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Whether we reach a definitive agreement for a collaboration will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and
 expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors. Those factors may include the design or results of clinical trials, the likelihood of approval by the FDA or
 similar regulatory authorities outside the United States, the potential market for PDS0101 and other Versamune and Versamune plus PDS0301 Products, the costs and complexities of manufacturing and delivering PDS0101 and other Versamune and
 Versamune plus PDS0301 Products to patients, the potential of competing products, the existence of uncertainty with respect to our ownership of technology, which can exist if there is a challenge to such ownership without regard to the merits of
 the challenge and industry and market conditions generally. The collaborator may also consider alternative immunotherapies for similar indications that may be available to collaborate on and whether such a collaboration could be more attractive
 than the one with us for PDS0101 and other Versamune and Versamune plus PDS0301 Products.

Our current collaborations, as well as any future new collaborations, may never result in the successful development or commercialization of PDS0101 and other Versamune, Versamune
 plus PDS0301 and Infectimune Products or the generation of sales revenue. To the extent that we have entered or will enter into co-promotion or other collaborative arrangements, PDS0101 and other Versamune and Versamune plus PDS0301 Products
 revenues are likely to be lower than if we directly marketed and sold any products that we develop.

Management of our relationships with our collaborators will require:

significant time and effort from our management team;

financial funding to support said collaboration;

coordination of our research and development programs with the research and development priorities of our collaborators; and

effective allocation of our resources to multiple projects.

If we continue to enter into research and development collaborations, our success will in part depend on the performance of our collaborators. We will not directly control the
 amount or timing of resources devoted by our collaborators to activities related to PDS0101 and other Versamune and Versamune plus PDS0301 Products. Our collaborators may not commit sufficient resources to our research and development programs or
 the commercialization, marketing or distribution of PDS0101 and other Versamune and Versamune plus PDS0301 Products. If any collaborator fails to commit sufficient resources, our preclinical or clinical development programs related to this
 collaboration could be delayed or terminated. Also, our collaborators may pursue existing or other development-stage products or alternative technologies in preference to those being developed in collaboration with us. If we fail to make required
 milestone or royalty payments to our collaborators or to observe other obligations in our agreements with them, our collaborators may have the right to terminate those agreements. Additionally, our collaborators may seek to renegotiate agreements
 we have entered into, or may disagree with us about the terms and implementation of these agreements. If collaborators disagree with us about the terms or implementation of our agreements, we may face legal claims that may involve considerable
 expense and could negatively affect our financial results.

72 

Index 

We enter into various contracts in the normal course of our business in which we agree to indemnify the
 other party to the contract. In the event we have to perform under these indemnification provisions, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In the normal course of business, we periodically enter into academic, commercial, service, collaboration, licensing, consulting and other agreements that contain indemnification
 provisions. With respect to our academic and other research agreements, we typically agree to indemnify the institution and related parties from losses arising from claims relating to the products, processes or services made, used, sold or
 performed pursuant to the agreements for which we have secured licenses, and from claims arising from our or our sub licensees exercise of rights under the agreement. With respect to our commercial agreements, we have agreed to indemnify our
 vendors from any third-party product liability claims that could result from the production, use or consumption of the product, as well as for alleged infringements of any patent or other intellectual property right by a third party. With respect
 to consultants, we typically agree to indemnify them from claims arising from the good faith performance of their services.

Should our obligation under an indemnification provision exceed applicable insurance coverage or if we were denied insurance coverage or not covered by insurance, our business,
 financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Similarly, if we are relying on a collaborator or other third party to indemnify us and the collaborator or other third party is denied insurance coverage or otherwise does
 not have assets available to indemnify us, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.

The failure of third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, and other obligations could adversely affect our business.

We rely on suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, consultants, alliance partners and other third parties to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize our products and
 manage certain parts of our business. Using these third parties poses a number of risks, such as:

they may not perform to our standards or legal requirements;

they may not produce re liable results; 

they may not perform in a timely manner; 

they may not maintain confidentiality of our proprieta ry information; 

disputes may arise with respect to ownership of rights to technology developed with our partners, and those disputes may be resolved against us; and 

disagreements could cause delays in, or termination of, the research, development or commercialization of our products or result in litigation or arbitration. 

Moreover, some third parties are located in markets subject to political and social risk, corruption, infrastructure problems and natural disasters, in addition to
 country-specific privacy and data security risk given current legal and regulatory environments. Failure of third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, legal and other obligations may materially affect our business.

Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of health epidemics, pandemics, or outbreaks of infectious diseases, including the recent
 COVID-19 pandemic, in regions where we or third parties on which we rely have significant manufacturing facilities, concentrations of clinical trial sites or other business operations.
 The COVID-19 pandemic could materially affect our operations, including at our headquarters in New Jersey, and at our clinical trial sites, as well as the business or operations of our
 manufacturers, CROs or other third parties with whom we conduct business. 

Our business could be adversely affected by health epidemics in regions where we have concentrations of clinical trial sites or other business operations and could cause
 significant disruption in the operations of third-party manufacturers and CROs upon whom we rely.

73 

Index 

As a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, or similar pandemics, and related shelter in place orders and other public health guidance measures, we have and may in the future
 experience disruptions that materially and adversely impact our clinical trials, business, financial condition and results of operations. Potential disruptions include but are not limited to:

delays or difficulties in enrolling patients in our clinical trials;

delays or difficulties in initiating or expanding clinical trials, including delays or difficulties with clinical site initiation and recruiting clinical site investigators and clinical site staff;

increased rates of patients withdrawing from our clinical trials following enrollment as a result of contracting COVID-19 or other health conditions or being forced to quarantine;

diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials, including the diversion of hospitals serving as our clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of our clinical
 trials;

interruption of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site data monitoring, due to limitations on travel imposed or recommended by federal or state governments, employers and others or
 interruption of clinical trial subject visits and study procedures, which may impact the integrity of subject data and clinical study endpoints;

interruption or delays in the operations of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, which may impact review and approval timelines;

delays or disruptions in preclinical experiments and investigational new drug application-enabling studies due to restrictions of on-site staff and unforeseen circumstances at contract research organizations
 and vendors;

interruption of, or delays in receiving, supplies of our product candidates from our contract manufacturing organizations due to staffing shortages, production slowdowns or stoppages and disruptions in
 delivery systems;

limitations on our ability to recruit and hire key personnel due to our inability to meet with candidates because of travel restrictions and shelter in place orders;

limitations on employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, including because of sickness of employees or their families or the desire of
 employees to avoid contact with large groups of people; and

interruption or delays to our sourced discovery and clinical activities.

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property

If we are unable to obtain and/or maintain patent protection for our Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301 platforms, PDS0101, or other Versamune based Products or
 if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets.

We rely upon a combination of patents, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect the intellectual property related to Versamune. Our success depends
 in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States and other countries. We seek to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications in the United States and abroad related to Versamune,
 Versamune plus PDS0301 and Infectimune based products. The patent prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely
 manner.

It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. The patent
 applications that we own or license may fail to result in issued patents with claims that cover Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301 and Infectimune based products or applications in the United States or in other countries. There is no assurance
 that all potentially relevant prior art relating, which can invalidate a patent or prevent a patent from issuing from a pending patent application is known to us. Even if patents do successfully issue, third parties may challenge their validity,
 enforceability or scope, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated, or held unenforceable. Any successful challenge to these patents or any other patents owned by or licensed to us could deprive us of rights necessary for the
 successful commercialization of PDS0101 and other Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301 and Infectimune based products that we may develop. Further, if we encounter delays in regulatory approvals, the period of time during which we could exclusively
 market PDS0101 and other Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301 and Infectimune based products under patent protection could be reduced.

74 

Index 

The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has in recent years been the subject of much
 litigation. In addition, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. For example, European patent law restricts the patentability of methods of treatment of the human body more than
 U.S. law does. Publications of discoveries in scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some
 cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot know with certainty whether we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our owned or licensed patents or pending patent applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such
 inventions. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect PDS0101 or other
 Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301 and Infectimune based products, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and immunotherapies. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the
 patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. Recent Russian Federal Law, No. 46-FZ of March 8, 2022, allows the Russian Government to designate goods for
 which IP rights are exempted and this rule applies to all IP rights, including trademarks and this rule may affect our IP in the Russian Federation. There is no guidance on how broadly this rule will be applied, though the rule appears to be
 limited only to the year 2022.

Moreover, we may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the U.S. Patent Office, or become involved in derivation, reexamination, inter parties review,
 post-grant review or interference proceedings challenging its patent rights or the patent rights of others. In other countries, we may be subject to or become involved in opposition proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights
 of others. An adverse determination in any such submission or proceeding could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or immunotherapies and compete directly with us, without
 payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize PDS0101 without infringing third- party patent rights. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened,
 it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize PDS0101 and other Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301 and Infectimune based products.

The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to our inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our owned and licensed patents may be challenged in the courts or patent
 offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or
 identical technology and immunotherapies, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and immunotherapies. Moreover, patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States and other countries, the natural expiration of a
 patent is generally 20 years after it is filed. Various extensions may be available; however, the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Without patent protection for PDS0101 and other Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301 and
 Infectimune based products, we may be open to competition from generic versions of PDS0101 or other similar products using our technology. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new immunotherapy
 candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from
 commercializing immunotherapies similar or identical to ours.

We may have limited foreign intellectual property rights and may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world.

We may have limited intellectual property rights outside the U.S. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be
 prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the U.S. can be less extensive than those in the U.S. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same
 extent as federal and state laws in the U.S. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the U.S., or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into
 the U.S. or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have
 patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the U.S. These products may compete with our products and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. Many
 companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of
 patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biopharmaceutical products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in
 violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at
 risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other
 remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that
 we develop or license.

75 

Index 

We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents, the patents of our licensors or our other intellectual property rights, or defend our
 products and methods against the property rights of others, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful.

Competitors may infringe or otherwise violate our patents, the patents of our licensors or our other intellectual property rights. To counter infringement or unauthorized
 use, we may be required to file legal claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours or our licensors is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop
 the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that such patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being
 invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. The initiation of a claim against a third-party may also cause the third-party to bring counter claims against us, such as claims asserting that our
 patents are invalid or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several
 statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness, non-enablement or lack of statutory subject matter. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld
 relevant material information from the USPTO, or made a materially misleading statement, during prosecution. Third parties may also raise similar validity claims before the USPTO in post-grant proceedings such as inter partes review, or
 post-grant review, or oppositions or similar proceedings outside the United States, in parallel with litigation or even outside the context of litigation. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable.
 We cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. For the patents and patent applications that we have licensed, we may have limited or no right to participate in
 the defense of any licensed patents against challenge by a third-party. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of any future patent protection on
 PDS0101 and other Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301 and Infectimune based products. Such a loss of patent protection could harm our business.

We may also face claims that our products infringe patents that our competitors hold. Claims for alleged infringement and any resulting lawsuit, if successful, could subject
 us to significant liability for damages and invalidations of our proprietary rights. Any such lawsuit, regardless of our success, would likely be time consuming and expensive to resolve and would divert management time and attention. Any
 potential intellectual property litigation could also force us to do one or more of the following: (a) stop selling our products; (b) obtain a license(s), from the owner of any asserted intellectual property, to sell or use the relevant
 technology, which license may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all; or (c) redesign our products to avoid using the relevant technology.

We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our intellectual property rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect
 those rights as fully as in the United States. Our business could be harmed if in litigation the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Any litigation or other proceedings to enforce our intellectual
 property rights may fail, and even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees.

Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential
 information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive
 these results to be negative, it could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock.

Changes in patent law in the United States and other jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to
 protect our products.

As is the case with other biotechnology companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the
 biotechnology industry involves both technological and legal complexity, and is therefore costly, time-consuming and inherently uncertain. Patent reform legislation in the United States and in other jurisdictions could increase those
 uncertainties and costs.

The United States has enacted and implemented wide-ranging patent reform legislation. The United States Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, either
 narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this
 combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in
 unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce patents that we have licensed or that we might obtain in the future.

76 

Index 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world, which could impair our business.

Filing, prosecuting and defending patents covering Versamune, Versamune plus PDS0301 and Infectimune based products throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive.
 Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own immunotherapies and, further, may export otherwise infringing immunotherapies to territories where we may obtain patent
 protection, but where patent enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These immunotherapies may compete with PDS0101 in jurisdictions where we do not have any issued or licensed patents and any future patent claims or other
 intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from so competing.

Many countries, including European Union countries, India, Japan and China, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled under specified
 circumstances to grant licenses to third parties. In those countries, we may have limited remedies if patents are infringed or if we are compelled to grant a license to a third party, which could materially diminish the value of those patents.
 This could limit our ability to pursue strategic alternatives, including identifying and consummating transactions with potential third-party partners, to further develop, obtain marketing approval for and/or commercialize our drug candidates,
 and consequently our potential revenue opportunities. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we
 develop or license.

Our reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade
 secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed.

We seek to protect our proprietary technology in part by entering into confidentiality agreements with third parties and, if applicable, material transfer agreements,
 consulting agreements or other similar agreements with our advisors, employees, third-party contractors and consultants prior to beginning research or disclosing proprietary information. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third
 parties to use or disclose our confidential information, including our trade secrets. Despite the contractual provisions employed when working with third parties, the need to share trade secrets and other confidential information increases the
 risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others, or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. Given that our proprietary position is based, in part, on our
 know-how and trade secrets, a competitor s discovery of our trade secrets or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair our competitive position and may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

In addition, these agreements typically restrict the ability of our advisors, employees, third-party contractors and consultants to publish data potentially relating to our trade
 secrets, although our agreements may contain certain limited publication rights. Despite our efforts to protect our trade secrets, our competitors may discover our trade secrets, either through breach of our agreements with third parties,
 independent development or publication of information by any of our third-party collaborators. A competitor s discovery of our trade secrets would impair our competitive position and have an adverse impact on our business.

We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties.

We have received confidential and proprietary information from third parties and our employees and contractors. In addition, we employ or may employ individuals who were previously employed at
 other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. We may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed confidential information of these third parties or our
 employees former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against or pursue these claims. Even if we are successful in resolving these claims, litigation could result in substantial cost and be a distraction to our management and
 employees.

77 

Index 

General Market Risk Factors

Our stock price is expected to be volatile, and the market price of our common stock may drop in the future.

The market price of our common stock may be subject to significant fluctuations in the future. Market prices for securities of early-stage pharmaceutical, biotechnology and
 other life sciences companies have historically been particularly volatile. Some of the factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate include:

the ability of us and our partners to develop product candidates and conduct clinical trials that demonstrate such product candidates are safe and effective;

the ability of us or our partners to obtain regulatory approvals for product candidates, and delays or failures to obtain such approvals;

failure of any of our product candidates to demonstrate safety and efficacy, receive regulatory approval and achieve commercial success;

failure by us to maintain our existing third-party license, manufacturing and supply agreements;

impact of COVID-19 and its variants on business operations and clinical trials;

failure by us or our licensors to prosecute, maintain, or enforce our intellectual property rights;

changes in laws or regulations applicable to our product candidates;

any inability to obtain adequate supply of product candidates or the inability to do so at acceptable prices;

adverse regulatory authority decisions;

introduction of new or competing products by our competitors;

failure to meet or exceed financial and development projections we may provide to the public;

the perception of the pharmaceutical industry by the public, legislatures, regulators and the investment community;

announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments by us or our competitors;

disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters, and our ability to obtain intellectual property protection for our technologies;

additions or departures of key personnel;

significant lawsuits, including intellectual property or stockholder litigation;

if securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about us, or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinions regarding our business and stock;

if large short positions are taken in our stock and or negative reports are provided, whether they are based in fact or otherwise;

changes in the market valuations of similar companies;

general market or macroeconomic conditions;

sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders in the future;

trading volume of our common stock;

adverse publicity relating to our markets generally, including with respect to other products and potential products in such markets;

changes in the structure of health care payment systems; and

period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results.

78 

Index 

Moreover, the stock markets in general have experienced substantial volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of individual companies. These broad
 market fluctuations may also adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.

In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, stockholders have often instituted class action securities litigation against
 those companies. Such litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could significantly harm our profitability and reputation.

We are required to meet the Nasdaq Capital Market s continued listing requirements and other Nasdaq rules, and if we fail to meet such rules and requirements, 
 we may be subject to delisting. Delisting could negatively affect the price of our common stock, which could make it more difficult for us to sell securities in a future financing or for you to sell our common stock.

We are required to meet the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market and other Nasdaq rules, including those regarding director independence and
 independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders equity, minimum share price and certain other corporate governance requirements. In particular, we are required to maintain a minimum bid price for our listed common stock of 1.00 per
 share. If we do not meet these continued listing requirements, our common stock could be delisted. Delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market would cause us to pursue eligibility for trading of these securities on other markets or exchanges,
 including the OTC BB or QB markets, or on the OTC pink sheets. In such case, our stockholders ability to trade, or obtain quotations of the market value of our common stock would be severely limited because of lower trading volumes and
 transaction delays. These factors could contribute to lower prices and larger spreads in the bid and ask prices of our securities. There can be no assurance that our securities, if delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market in the future, would be
 listed on a national securities exchange, a national quotation service, the OTC markets or the pink sheets. Delisting from the Nasdaq Capital Market, or even the issuance of a notice of potential delisting, would also result in negative
 publicity, make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital, cause us to lose eligibility to register the sale or resale of our shares on Form S-3 and the automatic exemption from registration under state securities laws for
 exchange-listed securities, adversely affect the market liquidity of our securities, decrease securities analysts coverage of us or diminish investor, supplier and employee confidence.

We do not anticipate that we will pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.

We currently expect to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our company will
 be the sole source of our stockholders gain, if any, for the foreseeable future.

Future sales of shares by existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline.

If our existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market after certain legal restrictions on resale lapse,
 the trading price of our common stock could decline. As of December 31, 2022, we had 30,170,317 shares of common stock outstanding. Approximately 28,794,124 of such shares are freely tradable, without restriction, in the public market.
 Approximately 1,376,193 of such shares of common stock are held by directors, executive officers and other affiliates and will be subject to volume limitations under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and various vesting agreements.

Because the Merger resulted in an ownership change under Section 382 of the Code for Edge, pre-merger U.S. net operating loss carryforwards and certain other
 tax attributes will be subject to limitations.

On March 15, 2019, we, then operating as Edge Therapeutics, Inc., or Edge, completed a reverse merger with privately held PDS Biotechnology Corporation, or Private PDS,
 pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of November 23, 2018, as amended on January 24, 2019, by and among us, Echos Merger Sub, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Edge, or Merger
 Sub, and Private PDS, whereby Private PDS merged with and into Merger Sub, with Private PDS surviving as our wholly-owned subsidiary, which we refer to as the Merger. In connection with and immediately following completion of the Merger, we
 changed our corporate name from Edge Therapeutics, Inc. to PDS Biotechnology Corporation, and Private PDS changed its name to PDS Operating Corporation.

As of December 31, 2018, prior to completion of the Merger, Edge had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, of 128.6 million and 27.1 million,
 respectively, due to prior period losses. If a corporation undergoes an ownership change within the meaning of Section 382 of the Code, the corporation s U.S. net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes arising from before
 the ownership change are subject to limitations on use after the ownership change. In general, an ownership change occurs if there is a cumulative change in the corporation s equity ownership by certain stockholders that exceeds fifty percentage
 points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state and foreign tax laws. We believe that Edge may have already undergone one or more ownership changes prior to the Merger. However, the Merger also resulted in an
 ownership change for Edge and, accordingly, Edge s U.S. net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes available to us are subject to limitations on their use.

79 

Index 

Our effective tax rate may increase in the future, including as a result of tax legislation changes, which may have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our effective tax rate may be impacted by changes in or interpretations of tax laws in the United States or in any given jurisdiction in which we operate, utilization of or
 limitations on our ability to utilize any tax credit carry-forwards, changes in geographical allocation of revenue and expense and changes in management s assessment of matters such as our ability to realize the value of deferred tax assets.

In particular, the U.S. government may enact significant changes to the taxation of business entities including, among others, an increase in the corporate income tax rate,
 the imposition of minimum taxes or surtaxes on certain types of income, significant changes to the taxation of income derived from international operations, and an addition of further limitations on the deductibility of business interest. While
 certain draft legislation has been publicly released and is under development in Congress at this time, the likelihood of these changes being enacted or implemented is unclear.

Our effective tax rate could also increase due to several factors, including:

changes in tax rates, tax treaties, and regulations or the interpretation of them;

changes to our assessment about our ability to realize deferred tax assets that are based on estimates of our future results, the prudence and feasibility of possible tax planning strategies, and the economic and political environments
 in which we do business; 

the outcome of any future tax audits, examinations, or administrati ve appeals; and 

the effects of an y acquisitions. 

There can be no assurance that our effective income tax rate will not change in future periods. Accordingly, if our effective tax rate were to increase, it may have a
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law could make an acquisition more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our
 current or future management.

Because we are incorporated in Delaware, our company is governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL, which prohibits stockholders owning in excess of 15 of our
 voting stock from merging or combining with us. Although we believe these provisions collectively will provide for an opportunity to receive higher bids by requiring potential acquirors to negotiate with our board of directors, they would apply
 even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove then current management by making it more difficult for stockholders
 to replace members of the board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of management.

Our eighth amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, provides that, unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of
 the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, for: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our
 directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to the DGCL, our eighth amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, or our amended and restated bylaws; or (d)
 any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum provision does not preclude or contract the scope of exclusive federal or concurrent jurisdiction for any actions brought under the Securities
 Act or the Exchange Act. Accordingly, our exclusive forum provision will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our
 compliance with these laws, rules and regulations.

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. These
 exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors,
 officers and other employees.

If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our eighth amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, to be inapplicable or unenforceable in
 an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims,
 litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees.

80 

Index 

Provisions in our amended and restated bylaws could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors,
 officers or employees.

Our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the U.S. shall be the
 exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action under the Securities Act. This provision limits the ability of our stockholders to bring claims under the Securities Act in any court other than the U.S. federal
 courts, which ultimately may disadvantage our stockholders or be cost prohibitive. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there is uncertainty as to whether a court (other than state courts in the State of Delaware, which have recently upheld the
 validity of such a provision) would enforce such a provision and whether investors can waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, the exclusive forum provision only applies to claims
 brought under the Securities Act and does not apply to actions arising under the Exchange Act, which is already subject to federal courts as the exclusive forum.

If a court were to find these provisions of our amended and restated bylaws inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or
 proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Even if we are successful in defending against
 these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees.

We are currently operating in a period of economic uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical
 instability, an ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and record inflation. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any negative impact on the global economy and
 capital markets resulting from the conflict in Ukraine, geopolitical tensions, or record inflation.

We are exposed to the risk of changes in social, geopolitical, legal, and economic conditions. The global economy has been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted by
 Russia s invasion of Ukraine. As a result of Russia s invasion of Ukraine, the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and other G7 countries, among other countries, have imposed substantial financial and economic sanctions on
 certain industry sectors and parties in Russia. Broad restrictions on exports to Russia have also been imposed. These measures include: (i) comprehensive financial sanctions against major Russian banks; (ii) additional designations of Russian
 individuals with significant business interests and government connections; (iii) designations of individuals and entities involved in Russian military activities; and (iv) enhanced export controls and trade sanctions limiting Russia s ability to
 import various goods.

Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict is highly unpredictable, the conflict in Ukraine has led to market disruptions, including significant
 volatility in commodity prices, credit markets, as well as supply chain interruptions, which has contributed to record inflation globally. In addition, the ongoing Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could continue to adversely
 affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets, potentially making it more difficult for us to obtain additional funds. We are continuing to monitor inflation, the situation in
 Ukraine and global capital markets and assessing its potential impact on our business.

Furthermore, because of current geopolitical tensions, the Biden administration has recently signed multiple executive orders regarding China. One particular executive order
 titled Advancing Biotechnology and Biomanufacturing Innovation for a Sustainable, Safe, and Secure American Bioeconomy, signed on September 12, 2022, will likely impact the pharmaceutical industry to encourage U.S. domestic manufacturing of
 pharmaceutical products. Any additional executive orders regarding or potential sanctions on China could materially impact our manufacturing partners.

To date, our business has not been materially impacted by the ongoing military conflict between Russian and Ukraine, geopolitical tensions, or record inflation, it is impossible
 to predict the extent to which our operations will be impacted in the short and long term, or the ways in which such matters may impact our business. The extent and duration of the conflict in Ukraine, geopolitical tensions, record inflation and
 resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict but could be substantial. Any such disruptions may also magnify the impact of other risks described herein.

Our results of operations and liquidity needs could be materially affected by market fluctuations and general economic conditions.

Our results of operations could be materially affected by economic conditions generally, both in the United States and elsewhere around the world. Concerns over inflation, energy
 costs, geopolitical issues, and the availability and cost of credit have in the past and may continue to contribute to increase volatility and diminished expectations of the economy and markets going forward. Market upheavals may have an adverse
 effect on us. In the event of a market downturn, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our future cost of equity or debt capital and access to the capital markets could be adversely affected, and our stock price could decline.
 There may be disruption or delay in the performance of our third-party contractors and suppliers. If our contractors, suppliers and partners are unable to satisfy their contractual obligations, our business could suffer.

81 

Index 

Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions or
 transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. 

Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the
 financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on
 March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the FDIC, as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023,
 Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although a statement by the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC stated that all depositors of SVB would have access to all of their money after
 only one business day of closure, including funds held in uninsured deposit accounts, borrowers under credit agreements, letters of credit and certain other financial instruments with SVB, Signature Bank or any other financial institution that is
 placed into receivership by the FDIC may be unable to access undrawn amounts thereunder. If any of our counterparties to any such instruments were to be placed into receivership, we may be unable to access such funds. In addition, if any parties
 with whom we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant to such instruments or lending arrangements with such a financial institution, such parties ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements
 requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected. In this regard, counterparties to SVB credit agreements and arrangements, and third parties such as beneficiaries of letters of credit (among others), may experience direct impacts
 from the closure of SVB and uncertainty remains over liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry. Similar impacts have occurred in the past, such as during the 2008-2010 financial crisis.

Inflation and rapid increases in interest rates have led to a decline in the trading value of previously issued government securities with interest rates below current market interest rates.
 Although the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board have announced a program to provide up to 25 billion of loans to financial institutions secured by certain of such government securities held by financial institutions to
 mitigate the risk of potential losses on the sale of such instruments, widespread demands for customer withdrawals or other liquidity needs of financial institutions for immediately liquidity may exceed the capacity of such program. There is no
 guarantee that the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board will provide access to uninsured funds in the future in the event of the closure of other banks or financial institutions, or that they would do so in a timely fashion.

Although we assess our banking relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our
 current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, the financial institutions with which we have arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors
 could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services
 industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which we have
 financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally.

In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter
 financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash
 and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses, financial obligations or fulfill our other obligations, result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations or result in
 violations of federal or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related or similar factors not described above, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity
 and our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and results of operations.

In addition, any further deterioration in the macroeconomic economy or financial services industry could lead to losses or defaults by parties with whom we conduct business, which in turn, could
 have a material adverse effect on our current and/or projected business operations and results of operations and financial condition. For example, a party with whom we conduct business may fail to make payments when due, default under their
 agreements with us, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy. Any bankruptcy or insolvency, or the failure to make payments when due, of any counterparty of ours, or the loss of any significant relationships, could result in material losses to us and
 may material adverse impacts on our business.

82 

Index 

ITEM 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

ITEM 2. 

Properties

We maintain a month-to-month lease for our research facilities at the Princeton Innovation Center BioLabs located at 303A College Road E, Princeton, NJ 08540.

On March 10, 2020, we entered into a sublease agreement, effective as of March 5, 2020, to occupy our corporate and executive office located at 25B Vreeland Road, Suite 300,
 Florham Park, NJ. The sublease commenced on May 1, 2020 and continues for a term of approximately forty (40) months with an option to renew through October 31, 2027. On March 17, 2020, the master lessor provided its consent to the sublease in
 accordance with the terms of the sublease. This lease will expire in August of 2023.

We believe our current facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our current needs.

ITEM 3. 

Legal Proceedings

The information in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. There are
 no matters which constitute material pending legal proceedings to which we are a party other than those incorporated into this item by reference from Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 contained in
 this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

83 

Index 

PART II

ITEM 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Market Information

Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol PDSB .

Holders

As of March 16, 2023, there were 44 stockholders of record, which excludes stockholders whose shares were held in nominee or street name by brokers.

Dividends

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to
 pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions,
 general business conditions, and any other factors that our board may deem relevant.

Equity Compensation Plans

Information regarding our equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference from the information in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders,
 which we will file with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this Annual Report on Form 10-K relates.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

We did not purchase any of our registered equity securities during the period covered by this Annual Report.

84 

Index 

ITEM 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial
 statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results
 may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors. We discuss factors that we believe could cause or contribute to these differences below and elsewhere in this Annual Report,
 including those set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors and under Forward-Looking Statements in this Annual Report.

Introduction to PDS Biotechnology Corporation

We are a clinical-stage immunotherapy company developing a growing pipeline of targeted cancer and infectious disease immunotherapies based on our proprietary Versamune , Versamune plus PDS0301 and Infectimune T cell activating technology platforms. Our Versamune based products have demonstrated the potential to overcome the limitations of current immunotherapies by inducing, in vivo, large quantities of high-quality, potent polyfunctional CD4 helper and CD8 killer T cells. We have developed multiple therapies, based on combinations of Versamune and disease-specific antigens,
 designed to train the immune system to recognize diseased cells and effectively attack and destroy them. We continue to advance our pipeline of candidates to address a wide range of cancers including HPV-positive cancers (anal, cervical, head and
 neck, penile, vaginal, vulvar) and breast, colon, lung prostate and ovarian cancers. Our Infectimune -based vaccines have demonstrated the potential to induce, not only robust and durable neutralizing antibody response, but also powerful T cell
 responses including long-lasting memory T cell responses. Our infectious disease candidates are of potential interest primarily for use in universal influenza vaccines.

In June 2022, two abstracts were presented at the 2022 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting: Abstract number 6041, PDS0101 a novel type 1 interferon and CD8 T cell activating
 immunotherapy in combination with pembrolizumab in subjects with recurrent/metastatic HPV16-positive squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) and Abstract number 2518, Phase 2 evaluation of the combination of PDS0101, M9241, now PDS0301, and bintrafusp alfa
 with HPV16+malignancies. Also in May 2022, we announced expansion of our VERSATILE-002 clinical trial into Europe and in June 2022, we announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA had granted Fast Track designation to our lead
 candidate, PDS0101 in combination with Merck s anti-PD-1 therapy, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab). The FDA s Fast Track designation is designed to aid in the development and to expedite the review of drug candidate applications that would potentially
 treat serious or life-threatening conditions. In order to receive Fast Track designation, a product must also demonstrate the potential to address an unmet medical need. Treatments granted this designation are given the opportunity to have more
 frequent meetings with the FDA throughout the entire dug development and review process, with the goal of moving promising new drugs more rapidly through the process. It also provides the opportunity to submit sections of a New Drug Application
 (the NDA on a rolling basis, where the FDA may review portions of the NDA as they are received instead of waiting for the entire NDA submission. In addition, Fast Track designated products are eligible for priority review at the time of NDA or
 Biologics License Application submission. In October 2023, we announced the successful end-of-phase 2 meeting with the FDA including guidance on key elements of the clinical program that will support the
 submission of a Biologics License Application (BLA). 

In July 2022, we announced the presentation of universal flu vaccine preclinical data for PDS0202 at the 41 st American

Society of Virology meeting: Abstract number 3733830, Infectimune enhances antibodies elicited by COBRA hemagglutinin influenza vaccine.

In November 2022, we announced the presentation of data from two Phase 2 clinical trials at the 37 th Annual Meeting
 for the Society of Immunotherapy of Cancer (SITC): Abstract number 674, IMMUNOCERV, an ongoing Phase 2 trial combining PDS0101, an HPV-specific T cell immunotherapy, with chemotherapy and radiation for treatment of locally advanced cervical cancers
 and abstract number 695, Immune correlates associated with clinical benefit in patients with checkpoint refractory HPV-associated malignancies treated with triple combination immunotherapy.

In January 2023, we announced the exclusive global license agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany for the tumor targeting antibody conjugated IL-12, M9241, which joined our pipeline as
 PDS0301. PDS0301 is a novel investigational tumor-targeting fusion protein of Interleukin 12 that enhances the proliferation, potency, infiltration and longevity of T cells in the tumor microenvironment and is designed to overcome tumor immune
 suppression utilizing a different mechanism from immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICI). The ownership of these two assets we believe will streamline the registrational process and as use of the combination of Versamune 
 and an IgG1 IL-12 is patented by PDS Biotech . In a Phase 2 National Cancer Institute (NCI)-led clinical trial in ICI refractory patients, the combination of PDS0101 and
 PDS0301 administered with an investigational bi-functional ICI resulted in a median overall survival of 21 months, which compares favorably to the historical median survival of 3-4 months seen with checkpoint inhibitors and best reported median
 survival to date with systemic therapy of 8.2 months in ICI refractory head and neck cancer. 

85 

Index 

In February 2023, we announced a successful completion of a Type B meeting with the FDA for the triple combination of PDS0101 and PDS0301 with an FDA-approved immune checkpoint
 inhibitor for the treatment of recurrent/metastatic, ICI refractory head and neck cancer that is positive for the human papilloma virus (HPV) type 16. In recent interactions with the FDA, we confirmed the required contents of a clinical protocol
 for the potential registrational trial.

VERSATILE-002: PDS0101 + KEYTRUDA 

In November 2020, our VERSATILE-002 Phase 2 clinical trial evaluating the combination of PDS0101 in combination with Merck s anti-PD-1 therapy, KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) which is the FDA-approved
 standard of care for first-line treatment of recurrent/ metastatic head and neck cancer commenced and is actively recruiting patients. The clinical trial will evaluate the efficacy and safety of this therapeutic combination as a first-line
 treatment in patients with recurrent or metastatic head and neck cancer and high-risk human papillomavirus-16 (HPV16) infection.

In this PDS Biotech-sponsored trial patients whose cancer has returned or spread following initial treatment will be treated with the combination of
 PDS0101 and KEYTRUDA to evaluate if the addition of PDS0101 might improve the efficacy reported in published studies of KEYTRUDA alone. Patients in the trial will receive a total of 5 cycles of combination therapy in the context of standard of
 care KEYTRUDA therapy administered every three weeks until disease progression. The primary endpoint of VERSATILE-002 is the objective response rate or ORR at six months following initiation of treatment. There are two cohorts in the trial. Cohort 1 is for patients who have
 yet to be treated with a immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI na ve) and cohort 2 which consists of patients who have failed immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy (ICI refractory). 

In February 2022, we announced we had achieved the preliminary efficacy milestone of at least four or more objective responses of the first 17 patients in the ICI na ve arm that allowed that arm to
 proceed to full enrollment. We also announced detailed preliminary safety data which showed that the combination is well tolerated without evidence of enhanced or significant toxicity in the first 18 patients in the ICI na ve arm. We have completed enrollment in Stage 1 of the ICI refractory arm and are waiting for sufficient follow up to conduct the futility analysis .

In June 2022, we announced additional preliminary efficacy and safety data from this trial at the ASCO Annual Meeting (Weiss J et al. J Clin Oncol 40, 2022
 (suppl 16; abstr 6041) . The abstract provided preliminary data on 19 patients (safety) with available imaging data for 17 of the 19 patients (efficacy). Highlights from the abstract were as follows:

Response rates thus far (tumor shrinkage greater than 30 seen in 7/17 (41.2 patients in comparison to the published results of approximately 19 for approved ICIs, used as monotherapy for recurrent or metastatic head and neck cancer,
 with 2 of the 7 having complete responses (CR)

Stable disease (SD) was reported in 6/17 (35.3 patients, with 4 of the 6 (67 experiencing tumor shrinkage of less than 30 

Clinical efficacy (ORR + SD) was seen in 13/17 (76.5 patients

Progressive/ongoing disease was reported in 4/17 (23.5 patients

Patients had received a median of 4/5 doses of PDS0101 (range 1-5) and 9/35 doses of KEYTRUDA (range 1-18)

There were no treatment-related adverse events greater than or equal to Grade 3 (N=19)

No patients required dose interruption or reduction on the combination treatment

No patients discontinued the combination treatment

At 9 months of follow up (median not yet achieved):

Progression free survival (PFS) rate was 55.2 

Overall survival (OS) rate was 87.2 

no control or comparative studies have been conducted between ICIs and PDS0101

In May 2022, we announced the expansion of this trial into Europe and in June 2022, as described above, we received Fast Track designation for PDS0101 in combination with pembrolizumab.

In August 2022, we announced our independent Data Monitoring Committee (DMC) met and evaluated data from 43 patients and noted there were no Grade 3 or greater treatment-related adverse events
 attributed to the combination. The DMC recommended continuing the trial with no modifications.

In October 2022, we announced an end-of-phase 2 meeting with the FDA for PDS0101 in combination with KEYTRUDA . We are currently evaluating the guidance on the key elements of the clinical
 program that will support the submission of a Biologics License Application for PDS0101.

86 

Index 

In December 2022, we announced completion of the first stage of enrollment in the ICI refractory arm. Cohort follow-up is in progress that will permit a futility analysis to
 determine progression to stage 2 enrollment.

National Cancer Institute: PDS0101+ M9241 (now PDS0301) +Bintrafusp Alfa 

In June 2020, the first patient was dosed under a PDS0101 Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA), in the NCI led Phase 2 investigator initiated trial evaluating PDS0101 with an IgG1
 IL-12 (M9241), now PDS0301, and M7824 (Bintrafusp alfa), which is owned by EMD Serono (Merck KGaA) in patients with advanced/refractory HPV-positive cancers who have failed prior treatment. In February 2021, we announced that the NCI s Phase 2
 clinical trial of PDS0101 for the treatment of advanced/refractory HPV-positive cancers had achieved its preliminary objective response target in patients na ve to check point inhibitors which allowed for full enrollment of approximately 20
 patients in this group. In addition, based on promising results in the ICI na ve arm, the trial was amended to allow enrollment of a separate cohort of ICI-refractory patients for assessment of safety and activity of the triple combination.
 Preliminary efficacy assessment of the triple combination in this added group of 20 ICI refractory patients is ongoing.

Preclinical study results arising from this CRADA were published in the Journal for ImmunoTherapy of Cancer, Immunomodulation to enhance the efficacy of an HPV
 therapeutic vaccine (Journal for ImmunoTherapy of Cancer2020;8:e000612. doi:10.1136/ jitc-2020-000612) , indicating that PDS0101 generated both HPV-specific T cells and an associated antitumor response when used as a monotherapy. When PDS0101 was combined with two other novel clinical-stage anti-cancer agents, Bintrafusp Alfa and M9241, now
 PDS0301, the preclinical data suggested that all three therapeutic agents worked synergistically to provide superior tumor T cell responses and subsequent tumor regression when compared to any of the agents
 alone or the 2-component combinations. If the published preclinical data demonstrating powerful activity of the triple combination is successfully confirmed in the
 ongoing Phase 2 trial, this triple combination could form the basis of a unique platform providing improved cancer treatments across multiple cancers.

In June 2021, at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) conference the NCI announced interim data in this trial which included, data in both ICI na ve and refractory patients. In the ICI
 na ve group 83 (5/6) of patients had an objective response, and 1 subject had achieved a complete response with no evidence of disease. 100 of the ICI na ve patients were alive at a median duration of 8 months. In the ICI refractory group 42 
 (5/12) of patients had an objective response, and 1 subject had achieved a complete response with no evidence of disease. 10/12 (83 of ICI refractory patients were alive at a median duration of 8 months. An update provided in January 2022 showed
 as of December 31, 2021, that >40 subjects had been recruited into the trial and 30 HPV16-positive patients had been evaluated. The median survival of all patients (3:1 ICI refractor to na ve) was 12 months and progressing. The historical
 survival of ICI na ve and ICI refractory advanced HPV-positive cancers when treated with ICI are 7-11 months and 3-4 months, respectively, and best reported median survival to date with systemic therapy of 8.2
 months in ICI refractory head and neck cancer .

In June 2022, at the 2022 ASCO Annual Meeting, the NCI provided an update to the preliminary data presented at the 2021 meeting (Strauss J et al. J Clin Oncol 40, 2022 [suppl 16; abstr 2518]) . This included data from 30 patients and highlights were as follows:

Objective response (OR = > 30 tumor reduction) was seen in 88 (7/8) of patients with ICI-naive disease; 4/7 (57 patients responses are ongoing (median 17 months).

With ICI refractory patients: PDS0301 dosing appears to affect response rates, with 5/8 (63 patients receiving PDS0301 at 16.8 mcg/kg achieving an OR compared to 1/14 (7 patients who received PDS0301 at 8 mcg/kg achieving an OR; 4/6
 (67 patients responses are ongoing (median 12 months).

Tumor reduction was seen in 45 (10/22) of patients with ICI-refractory disease, including patients receiving high or low dose PDS0301.

In ICI refractory patients treated with high or low dose PDS0301, survival outcomes were similar (p=0.96 by Kaplan Meier analysis). At a median of 12 months of follow up 17/22 (77 of patients were alive.

In ICI na ve patients 6/8 (75 were alive at median 17 months of follow up.

Similar OR and survival were seen across all types of HPV16-positive cancers.

Preliminary safety data: 13/30 (43 of patients experienced Grade 3 treatment-related adverse events (AEs), and 2/30 patients (7 experienced Grade 4 AEs. There were no grade 5 treatment-related AEs.

The study results to date strongly suggest, in agreement with the published preclinical studies, that all 3 drugs contribute to the clinical outcomes.

In September 2022, we announced, in agreement with the NCI, that the ICI refractory patients had been selected as the preferred treatment group in the on-going PDS0101 based triple combination
 therapy in advanced HPV-positive cancers and the trial was closed to further enrollment given the ICI refractory arm has been fully recruited.

87 

Index 

In October 2022, we announced expanded interim data as follows:

Survival data: 66 (19/29) of HPV16-positive ICI refractory patients in the cohort were alive at a median follow up of 16 months

Safety profile: 48 (24/50) patients experienced Grade 3 treatment-related adverse events (AEs), and 4 (2/50) patients experienced Grade 4 AEs. There were no Grade 3 treatment-related AEs.

HPV16-positive ICI na ve patients: 75 (6/8) were alive at a median follow up of 25 months and 38 (3/8) of responders had a complete response.

In December 2022, we announced expanded interim data as follows:

Median OS is 21 months in 29 checkpoint inhibitor refractory patients who received the triple combination. The reported historical median OS in patients with ICI refractory disease is 3-4 months seen
 with checkpoint inhibitors and best reported median survival to date with systemic therapy of 8.2 months in ICI refractory head and neck cancer .

In ICI na ve subjects, 75 remain alive at a median follow-up of 27 months. As a result, median OS has not yet been reached. Historically median OS for similar patients with platinum experienced ICI na ve disease is 7-11 months.

Objective response rate (ORR) in ICI refractory patients who received the optimal dose of the triple combination is 63 (5/8). In current approaches ORR is reported to be less than 10 .

ORR in ICI na ve patients with the triple combination is 88 . In current approaches ORR is reported to be less than 25 with FDA-approved ICIs in HPV-associated cancers.

Safety data have not changed since October s update. 48 (24/50) of patients experienced Grade 3 (moderate) treatment-related adverse events (AEs), and 4 (2/50)
 patients experienced Grade 4 (severe) AEs, compared with approximately 70 of patients receiving the combination of ICIs and chemotherapy reporting Grade 3 and higher treatment-related AEs 

In February 2023, we announced the successful completion of a Type B meeting with the FDA for the combination therapy of PDS0101, PDS0301, and an FDA-approved immune
 checkpoint inhibitor for the treatment of recurrent/metastatic HPV-positive ICI-refractory head and neck cancer. We confirmed the required contents of the study design for a potential registration of the combination.

MD Anderson Cancer Center (IMMUNOCERV): PDS0101+ Chemoradiotherapy 

In October 2020, another PDS0101 Phase 2 IIT was initiated with The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center and is actively recruiting patients. This clinical trial is investigating the
 safety and anti-tumor efficacy of PDS0101 in combination with standard-of-care chemo-radiotherapy, or CRT, and their correlation with critical immunological biomarkers in patients with locally advanced cervical cancer. We believe Versamune has
 strong T cell induction has the potential to meaningfully enhance efficacy of the current standard of care CRT treatment in this indication. Enrollment in this trial is on-going.

In November 2022, we announced data from this trial was included in a poster presentation at the 2022 SITC Annual Meeting which included the following:

9 of the 17 patients had completed a Day 170 post-treatment Positron Emission Tomography, Computed Tomography (PET CT) scan to assess the status of the cancer. This included 78 (7/9) of treated patients with advanced cervical cancer
 (FIGO stage III or IV).

100 (9/9) of patients treated with the combination of PDS0101 and CRT had an objective response.

89 (8/9) of patients treated with the combination of PDS0101 and CRT demonstrated a complete response (CR) on Day 170 by PET CT. One patient who received 3 of the 5 scheduled doses of PDS0101 showed signs of residual disease. One
 patient who had a CR died from an event unrelated to either their underlying disease or treatment.

1-year disease-free survival and 1-year overall survival of 89 (8/9) in patients treated with the combination of PDS0101 and CRT

As previously reported, data confirm PDS0101 treatment activates HPV16-specific CD8 T cells. This increase was not seen in patients who did not receive PDS0101. The increase in HPV16-specific T cells
 generated by the treatment is positively correlated with tumor cell death, suggesting cytotoxic CD8 T cells are important mediators of antigen-specific immunity.

The data affirm that PDS0101 activates Type 1 interferon pathway in humans, mimicking the mechanism previously demonstrated in preclinical studies in animal models

Toxicity of PDS0101 remains limited to low-grade local injection site reactions.

88 

Index 

Mayo Clinic: PDS0101 Monotherapy and in combination with KEYTRUDA

In February 2022 we announced the initiation of another ITT, MC200710, for PDS0101 alone or in combination with the check point inhibitor, KEYTRUDA , in patients with HPV-positive oropharyngeal
 cancer(HPV(+)OPSCC) at high risk of recurrence. The trial is being led by Drs. David Routman, Katharine Price, Kathryn Van Abel, and Ashish Chintakuntlawar at Mayo Clinic, a nationally and internationally recognized center of excellence for the
 treatment of head and neck cancers. We believe that this trial not only broadens our addressable patient population of those affected by the increasing incidence of HPV(+)OPSCC, but also allows us to better understand the activity of PDS0101 alone
 or in combination with KEYTRUDA in earlier stages of disease. This trial is currently open for enrollment.

In this trial treatment will be administered before patients proceed to transoral robotic surgery (TORS) with curative intent. Treatment in this setting is referred to as neoadjuvant treatment.
 PDS0101 has been shown to induce CD8 killer T cells that target and kill HPV-positive cancers, either alone or in combination with checkpoint inhibitors in preclinical studies, and in combination in clinical studies of patients with advanced
 recurrent/metastatic HPV-positive cancers. This trial will explore whether PDS0101 with or without checkpoint inhibition may increase HPV-specific anti-tumor responses, potentially resulting in tumor shrinkage, pathologic regression, and decreases
 in circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA).

Other Versamune -Based Products in Development :

PDS0102 

PDS0102 is an investigational immunotherapy utilizing tumor-associated and immunologically active T cell receptor gamma alternate reading framed protein (TARP) from the NCI. PDS0102 is designed
 to treat TARP-positive cancers including, acute myeloid leukemia (AML), prostate and breast cancer. In our preclinical work, the administration of PDS0102, the Versamuine+TARP antigen combination led to the induction of large numbers of
 polyfunctional tumor targeted killer T cells. In addition, the TARP tumor antigen alone has already been studied at the NCI in men with prostate cancer and been shown to be safe, immunogenic with slowing tumor growth rates (NCT00972309). We are
 evaluating the next steps in the clinical development of PDS0102 and are seeking nondilutive funding to progress to human trials.

PDS0103 

In April 2020, the above mentioned, PDS Biotech-NCI CRADA was expanded beyond PDS0101 to include clinical and preclinical development of PDS0103. PDS0103 is an investigational immune therapy owned
 by us and designed to treat cancers associated with the mucin-1, or MUC1, oncogenic protein. These include cancers such as ovarian, breast, colorectal and lung cancers. PDS0103 combines Versamune with novel highly immunogenic agonist epitopes of
 MUC1 developed by the NCI and licensed by PDS. PDS0103 is currently in late preclinical development.

MUC1 is highly expressed in several types of cancer and has been shown to be associated with drug resistance and poor disease prognosis in breast, colorectal, lung and ovarian cancers, for which
 PDS0103 is being developed. Expression of MUC1 is often associated with poor disease prognosis, due in part to drug resistance. In preclinical studies, and similarly to PDS0101, PDS0103 demonstrated the ability to generate powerful MUC1-specific
 CD8 killer T cells. In the first quarter of 2022, we held a pre-IND meeting with the FDA on PDS0103 and prepared to submit our IND package in the first half of 2023. However, the actual submission date may potentially be impacted by the outcome of
 our meetings with the FDA on the timing of a pivotal trial for PDS0101. Our primary goal is commercialization of PDS0101, and allocation of resources to implement an earlier than planned start of a registrational trial may delay PDS0103 initiation.

Infectimune Development Strategy

We believe that the key differentiating attributes of the Infectimune platform technology are strong induction of CD8 and CD4 T cells as well as antibodies which can be leveraged to improve
 treatment and preventive options in several infectious disease indications. In January 2022 we announced preclinical data on our universal flu program sponsored by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease (NIAID) demonstrating the
 potential of the Infectimune technology with computationally designed influenza proteins developed by the laboratory of Dr. Ted Ross at the University of Georgia to generate broadly protective anti-influenza immune responses across multiple strains
 of influenza. This data has provided a unique opportunity to highlight Infectimune s potentially transformative utility in the development of more broadly effective and longer lasting protective vaccines. Current preventive and prophylactic vaccine
 approaches and technologies predominantly focus on creating strong induction of antibody responses. However, the induction of T cell responses, in addition to antibody responses, provides more durable and broad protection against infectious
 diseases.

89 

Index 

Based on the promising data recently announced with the universal seasonal flu vaccine and the current focus of the NIAID in developing more effective flu vaccines, we have decided to
 opportunistically focus our near-term infectious disease activities to align with the interests of the NIAID Collaborative Influenza Vaccine Innovation Centers (CIVICs) program. This will involve development of a universal seasonal flu vaccine and
 the potential development of a universal pandemic influenza vaccine based on similar computationally designed antigens as have shown promise with Infectimune.

In July 2022, we announced the presentation of universal flu vaccine preclinical data for PDS0202 at the 41 st American

Society of Virology meeting: Abstract number 3733830, Infectimune enhances antibodies elicited by COBRA hemagglutinin influenza vaccine. We are evaluating the next steps in the clinical development and funding for PDS0202.

The results for Infectimune based PDS0202 and PDS0203 were published in the peer reviewed journal Viruses in February 2023: preclinical
 studies demonstrating complete protection against sickness after lethal challenge with live SARS-CoV-2 or influenza viruses (Gandhapudi SK et al. Viruses 2023, 15 ,
 432) and dramatically enhanced CD4 T cell responses to recombinant influenza proteins compared to leading commercial vaccine adjuvants (Henson TR et al. Viruses 2023, 15 ,
 538).

Our current pipeline of Versamune and Infectimune based therapies is as follows:

We have never been profitable and have incurred net
 losses in each year since inception. Our net losses were 40.9 million, and 16.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 101.6 million. Substantially all
 of our net losses have resulted from costs incurred in connection with our research and development programs and from general and administrative costs associated with these operations. 

90 

Index 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 73.8 million in cash and cash equivalents.

Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including the following:

the timing and costs of our planned clinical trials;

the timing and costs of our planned preclinical studies of our Versamune platform;

the outcome, timing and costs of seeking regulatory approvals;

the terms and timing of any future collaborations, licensing, consulting or other arrangements that we may enter into;

the amount and timing of any payments we may be required to make in connection with the licensing, filing, prosecution, maintenance, defense and enforcement of any patents or patent applications or other
 intellectual property rights; and

the extent to which we license or acquire other products and technologies.

Selected Financial Operations Overview

Revenue

We have not generated any revenues from commercial product sales and do not expect to generate any such revenue in the near future. 
 We may, but there are no assurances that we will, generate revenue in the future from a combination of research and development payments, license fees and other
 upfront payments or milestone payments.

Research and Development Expenses

Research and development expenses include employee-related expenses, costs to acquire license rights to use certain technology in our research and development projects, costs of
 acquiring, developing and manufacturing clinical trial materials, as well as fees paid to consultants and various entities that perform certain research and testing on our behalf. Costs for certain development activities, such as clinical trials,
 are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using data such as patient enrollment, clinical site activations or information provided by vendors on their actual costs incurred. Payments for these activities
 are based on the terms of the individual arrangements, which may differ from the pattern of costs incurred, and are reflected in the consolidated financial statements as prepaid or accrued expenses. Costs incurred in connection with research and
 development activities are expensed as incurred.

We expect that our research and development expenses will increase significantly over the next several years as we advance our Versamune based immuno-oncology, or I-O,
 candidates into and through clinical trials, pursues regulatory approval of our injectable Versamune candidates and prepare for a possible commercial launch, all of which will also require a significant investment in contract and internal
 manufacturing and inventory related costs.

The process of conducting human clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time consuming. We may never succeed in achieving marketing approval for our
 injectable I-O candidates. The probability of successful commercialization of our I-O candidates may be affected by numerous factors, including clinical data obtained in future trials, competition, manufacturing capability and commercial
 viability. As a result, we are unable to determine the duration and completion costs of our research and development projects or when and to what extent we will generate revenue from the commercialization and sale of any of our product candidates.

The following table summarizes our research and development expenses incurred for the periods indicated (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

PDS projects

12,468

6,173

Clinical consulting

378

732

Cost of license rights

10,000

-

Salaries and other costs

6,586

4,349

Total

29,431

11,254

91 

Index 

General and Administrative Expenses

General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related benefits, including stock-based compensation, related to our executive, finance, legal, business
 development and support functions. Other general and administrative expenses include travel expenses, professional fees for auditing, tax and legal services and facility-related costs.

Interest Income (Expense), net

Interest income (expense), net consists of interest income earned from bank deposits and interest expense consists of interest paid on outstanding debt plus amortization of the debt
 discount and interest from capital leases. These amounts will fluctuate based on changes to the interest rate environment.

Critical Accounting Policies

Our accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As described in Note 2, the
 preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as
 well as the reported revenue generated and expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various market specific and other relevant assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the
 circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Estimates are assessed each period and updated to reflect current
 information. Actual results may differ from these estimates. We believe that the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results
 of operations and require management s most difficult, subjective and complex judgments.

Income Taxes

We file U.S. federal income tax returns and New Jersey state tax returns. Our deferred tax assets are primarily comprised of federal and state tax net operating losses and tax
 credit carryforwards and are recorded using enacted tax rates expected to be in effect in the years in which these temporary differences are expected to be utilized. At December 31, 2022, we had federal net operating losses, or NOLs,
 carryforwards of approximately 119.3 million, 30.0 million of which expire at various dates between 2028 and 2037, losses generated in 2018 or later of 78.7 million will carry forward indefinitely. At December 31, 2022, we had federal research
 and development credits carryforwards of approximately 1.7 million. We may be subject to the net operating loss utilization provisions of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. The effect of an ownership change would be the imposition of an
 annual limitation on the use of NOL carryforwards attributable to periods before the change. The amount of the annual limitation depends upon our value immediately before the ownership change, changes to our capital during a specified period
 prior to the change, and the federal published interest rate. Although we have not completed an analysis under Section 382 of the Code, it is likely that the utilization of the NOLs will be limited.

Accrued Clinical Expenses

When preparing our financial statements, we are required to estimate our accrued clinical expenses. This process involves reviewing open contracts and communicating with our
 personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf and estimating the level of service performed and the associated cost incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of actual cost. If we
 underestimate or overestimate the cost associated with a trial or service at a given point in time, adjustments to research and development expenses may be necessary in future periods. Historically, our estimated accrued clinical expenses have
 approximated actual expense incurred.

Stock-based Compensation

We estimate the fair value of our stock-based option awards to employees, directors and non-employees using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires the following
 assumptions: (1) the expected volatility of our stock is based on volatilities of a peer group of similar companies in the biotechnology industry whose share prices are publicly available, (2) the expected term of the award is based on the
 simplified method, which is the midpoint between the requisite service period and the contractual term of the option, as we have a limited history of being a public company to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and
 employment duration for our options, (3) the risk-free interest rate based on U.S. Treasury notes with a term approximating the expected life of the option and (4) expected dividend yield of 0, since we have never paid cash dividends and have no
 present intention to pay cash dividends.

92 

Index 

Results of Operations

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

Year Ended December 31,

Increase (Decrease)

2022

2021

(in thousands)

Operating expenses:

Research and development expenses

29,431

11,254

18,177

162

General and administrative expenses

12,241

10,185

2,056

20

Total operating expenses

41,672

21,439

20,233

94

Loss from operations

(41,672

(21,439

(20,233

94

Interest income (expense), net

(381

4

(385

(9,625

Benefit from income taxes

1,199

4,516

(3,317

(73

Net loss and comprehensive loss

(40,855

(16,918

(23,937

141

Research and Development Expenses

For the year ended December 31, 2022, research and development expenses increased to approximately 29.4 million compared to approximately 11.3 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2021. The increase of 18.2 million was primarily attributable to an increase in personnel costs of 2.3 million, clinical costs of 2.3 million, quality and manufacturing costs of 3.6 million and 10 million for the rights to
 PDS0301 from Merck KGaA, Darmstadt Germany. Of the 10 million, 5 million was in cash and the balance in shares of the Company s common stock.

General and Administrative Expenses

For the year ended December 31, 2022, general and administrative expenses increased to approximately 12.2 million compared to approximately 10.2 million for the year ended
 December 31, 2021. The 2.0 million increase was primarily attributable to an increase in personnel costs of 1.3 million and an increase in professional fees of 0.7 million.

Interest Income (Expense), net

For the year ended December 31, 2022, interest expense, net was 0.4 million compared to an immaterial amount of interest income for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
 in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.3 million of interest expense primarily related to the note payable partially offset by 0.9 million of interest income from interest earned on bank balances during the year.

Benefit from Income Taxes

Income tax benefit was 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 4.5 million for the prior year ended December 31, 2021. A decrease of 3.3 million was due
 to a smaller portion of the accumulated Net Operating Losses NOL) through 2021 available for sale through our NJ tax benefits pursuant to the New Jersey Technology Business Tax Certificate Transfer Net Operating Loss program.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

In May 2021, we received approximately 4.5 million from the net sale of tax benefits to an unrelated, profitable New Jersey corporation pursuant our participation in the New
 Jersey Technology Business Tax Certificate Transfer Net Operating Loss (NOL) program for State Fiscal Year 2020.

In June 2021, we sold 6,088,235 shares of common stock at a public offering price of 8.50 per share pursuant to the 2020 Shelf Registration Statement, which includes 794,117
 shares issued upon the exercise by the underwriter of its option to purchase additional shares at the public offering price, minus underwriting discounts and commissions. We received gross proceeds of approximately 51.7 million and net proceeds
 of approximately 48.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses.

93 

Index 

In April 2022, we received approximately 1.2 million from the net sale of tax benefits to an unrelated, profitable New Jersey corporation pursuant our participation in the
 New Jersey Technology Business Tax Certificate Transfer NOL program for State Fiscal Year 2020.

In August 2022, we filed a shelf registration statement, or the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement, with the SEC for the issuance of common stock, preferred stock, warrants,
 rights, debt securities, and units, which the Company refers to collectively as the Shelf Securities, up to an aggregate amount of 150 million, 50 million of which covers the offer, issuance and sale by the Company of its common stock under the
 Sales Agreement (as discussed below). The 2022 Shelf Registration Statement was declared effective on September 2, 2022.

In August 2022, we entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, or the Sales Agreement, with B. Riley Securities, Inc. and BTIG, LLC, each an Agent and collectively
 the Agents, with respect to an at-the-market offering program under which we may offer and sell, from time to time at our sole discretion, shares of our common stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to 50.0 million, or the Placement
 Shares, through or to the Agents, as sales agents or principals. Upon delivery of a placement notice and subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, the Agents may sell the Placement Shares by any method permitted by law deemed
 to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including, without limitation, sales made through The Nasdaq Capital Market or on any other existing trading market for our common stock. The
 Agents will use commercially reasonable efforts to sell the Placement Shares from time to time, based upon our instructions (including any price, time or size limits or other customary parameters or conditions we may impose). We will pay the
 Agents a commission equal to three percent (3 of the gross sales proceeds of any Placement Shares sold through the Agents under the Sales Agreement, and also has provided the Agents with customary indemnification and contribution rights. We are
 not obligated to make any sales of our common stock under the Sales Agreement. The offering of Placement Shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (i) the sale of all Placement Shares subject to the Sales
 Agreement or (ii) termination of the Sales Agreement in accordance with its terms. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 1,238,491 shares of our common stock for a net value of 9.9 million pursuant to the Sales Agreement. In the first
 quarter 2023, we sold 553,293 shares of our common stock for a net value of 4.6 million pursuant to the Sales Agreement.

In August 2022, we entered into a venture loan and security agreement, or the Loan and Security Agreement, with Horizon Technology Finance Corporation, as lender and collateral
 agent for itself and the other lenders. The Loan and Security Agreement provides for the following 6 separate and independent term loans: (a) a term loan in the amount of 7,500,000, or Loan A, (b) a term loan in the amount of 10,000,000, or
 Loan B, (c) a term loan in the amount of 3,750,000, or Loan C, (d) a term loan in the amount of 3,750,000, or Loan D, (e) a term loan in the amount of 5,000,000, or Loan E, and (f) a term loan in the amount of 5,000,000, or Loan F, (with each
 of Loan A, Loan B, Loan C, Loan D, Loan E, and Loan F, individually a Loan and, collectively, the Loans). Loan A, Loan B, Loan C, and Loan D were delivered to us on August 24, 2022. In total, we received 24.6 million in net proceeds. Loan E and
 Loan F are uncommitted Loans that may be advanced by the lenders upon their discretion prior to July 31, 2023 upon the satisfaction of certain agreed upon conditions precedent. We may only use the proceeds of the Loans for working capital or
 general corporate purposes. Each Loan matures on the 48-month anniversary following the applicable funding date unless accelerated pursuant to agreed upon events of default. The principal balance of each Loan bears a floating interest. The
 interest rate is calculated initially and, thereafter, each calendar month as the sum of (a) the per annum rate of interest from time to time published in The Wall Street Journal as contemplated by the Loan and Security Agreement, or any
 successor publication thereto, as the prime rate then in effect, plus (b) 5.75 ; provided that, in the event such rate of interest is less than 4.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 4.00 for purposes of calculating the interest rate.

Interest is payable on a monthly basis based on each Loan principal amount outstanding the preceding month. We, at our option upon at least ten (10) business days written notice
 to the lenders, may prepay all (and not less than all) of the outstanding Loan by simultaneously paying to each lender an amount equal to (i) any accrued and unpaid interest on the outstanding principal balance of the Loans; plus (ii) an amount
 equal to (A) if such Loan is prepaid on or before the Loan Amortization Date (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement) applicable to such Loan, 3 of the then outstanding principal balance of such Loan, (B) if such Loan is prepaid after the
 Loan Amortization Date applicable to such Loan, but on or before the date that is 12 months after such Loan Amortization Date, 2 of the then outstanding principal balance of such Loan, or (C) if such Loan is prepaid more than 12 months after the
 Loan Amortization Date but prior to the stated maturity date applicable to such Loan, 1 of the then outstanding principal balance of such Loan; plus (iii) the outstanding principal balance of such Loan;
 plus (iv) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and payable thereunder. No prepayment premium will be applied to any outstanding balance of any Loan paid on the stated maturity date.

94 

Index 

In connection with the Loan and Security Agreement, we issued Horizon Technology Finance Corporation and Powerscourt Investments XXV, LP warrants to purchase an aggregate
 total of 381,625 shares of the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price of 3.6685 per share. Each warrant is classified as equity and is exercisable at any time for a period beginning on the date of grant and ending on the earlier of
 (A) 10 years from the date of grant, and (B) the closing of (A) (i) the sale, lease, exchange, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the our property or business, or (ii) its merger into or consolidation with any other
 corporation (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company), or any transaction (including a merger or other reorganization) or series of related transactions, in which more than 50 of the voting power of the Company is disposed of, in
 each case, for cash or for marketable securities meeting certain requirements as described in the applicable warrants. The key assumptions used in Black-Scholes option pricing model were (i) expected term of 10 years, (ii) a risk-free rate of
 3.11 , (iii) expected volatility of 93.8 , (iv) and no estimated dividend yield.

As of December 31, 2022, we had 73.8 million of cash and cash equivalents. Our primary uses of cash are to fund operating expenses, primarily research and development
 expenditures. Cash used to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay these expenses, as reflected in the change in our outstanding accounts payable and accrued expenses.

We evaluated whether there are any conditions and
 events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year beyond the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our budgeted cash requirements in 2023 and beyond
 include expenses related to continuing development and clinical studies. Based on our available cash resources and cash flow projections as of the date the consolidated financial statements were available for issuance, we believe there are
 sufficient funds to continue operations and research and development programs into the third quarter of 2024. 

We plan to continue to fund our operations and capital funding needs through existing cash and additional equity and/or debt financing. However, we cannot be certain that
 additional financing will be available when needed or that, if available, financing will be obtained on terms favorable to us or our existing stockholders. We may also enter into government funding programs and consider selectively partnering for
 clinical development and commercialization. The sale of additional equity would result in additional dilution to our stockholders. Incurring debt financing would result in debt service obligations, and the instruments governing such debt could
 provide for operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce, or terminate our product
 development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market immunotherapies that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. Any of these actions could harm our business, results of operations and
 prospects.

Cash flows

The following table shows a summary of our cash flows for each of the years indicated (in thousands):

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

Net cash used in operating activities

(25,710

(12,486

Net cash provided by financing activities

34,287

48,889

Net increase in cash

8,577

36,403

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities

Net cash used in operating activities was 25.7 million and 12.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in cash used in operating
 activities of 13.2 million is primarily due to the increase in net loss of 23.9 million, reduced by the non-cash stock- based compensation expense of 1.1 and the value of the shares issued for the Merck licensing agreement of 5.0 million,
 offset by an increase in prepaid expenses of 1.0 million, and increase in accrued expenses of 5.7 million.

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities

Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the receipt of net proceeds from the issuance of the note payable of 24.6 and
 the issuance of common stock of 9.9 million.

Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to the receipt of net proceeds from the issuance of common stock of 48.5 million.

95 

Index 

Operating Capital Requirements

To date, we have not generated any product revenue. We do not know when, or if, we will generate any product revenue and we do not expect to generate significant product
 revenue unless and until we obtain regulatory approval and commercialize one of our current or future product candidates. We anticipate that we will continue to generate losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect the losses to increase as
 we continue the development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our tablet vaccine candidates, and begin to commercialize any approved vaccine candidates. We are subject to all of the risks incident to the development of new products, and may
 encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may harm our business. We expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company and anticipate that we will need
 substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations.

We evaluated whether there are any conditions and
 events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year beyond the filing of this Annual Report. Our budgeted cash requirements in 2023 and beyond include expenses
 related to continuing development and clinical studies. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents as of December

31, 2022 are sufficient to continue operations and research and development programs into the third quarter of 2024. Until we can generate significant cash from our
 operations, we expect to continue to fund our operations with available financial resources. 

We have based our projections of operating capital requirements on assumptions that may prove to be incorrect and we may use all of our available capital resources sooner than we
 expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with research, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products, we are unable to estimate the exact amount of our operating capital requirements. Our future funding
 requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to:

the initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of our planned clinical trials;

the effects of health epidemics, pandemics, or outbreaks of infectious diseases, on our business operations, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows ;

the outcome, timing and cost of meeting regulatory requirements established by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities;

the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing our patent claims and other intellectual property rights;

the cost of defending potential intellectual property disputes, including patent infringement actions brought by third parties against us now or in the future;

the effect of competing technological and market developments;

the cost of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities in regions where we choose to commercialize our tablet vaccines on our own; and

the initiation, progress, timing and results of our commercialization of our tablet vaccine candidates, if approved, for commercial sale.

Please see the section titled Risk Factors elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional risks associated with our operations.

Purchase Commitments

We have no material non-cancelable purchase commitments with service providers as we have generally contracted on a cancelable, purchase order basis.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC.

96 

Index 

Smaller Reporting Company

As of January 1, 2021, we are no longer an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. However, we remain a smaller
 reporting company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We will cease to be a smaller reporting company if we have a non-affiliate public float in excess of 250 million and annual revenues in excess of
 100 million, or a non-affiliate public float in excess of 700 million, determined on an annual basis. Even though we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company. As a smaller reporting
 company, we are permitted and intend to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies. These exemptions include:

being permitted to provide only two years of audited consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, with correspondingly reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations disclosure;

reduced disclosure obligations regarding exe cutive compensation; 

not being required to furnish a contractual obligations table in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and 

not being required to furnish a stock performance graph i n our annual report. 

We expect to continue to take advantage of some or all of the available exemptions.

ITEM 7A.

Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk

Interest Rate Risk

We are exposed to market risk related changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, our cash equivalents consisted of bank deposits and money market accounts. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest
 income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. However, historical fluctuations in interest income have not been significant for us.

Inflation Risk

Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and pricing of contracts. We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations during
 the year ended December 31, 2022.

ITEM 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The financial statements required to be filed pursuant to this Item 8 are appended to this report. An index of those financial statements is found in Item 15.

ITEM 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

ITEM 9A. 

Controls and Procedures

Limitations of Internal Control System

Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, no evaluation of internal control over financial reporting can provide absolute assurance that misstatements
 due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to
 financial statement preparation and presentation. Management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud.

97 

Index 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
 controls and procedures, (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )), as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, management has concluded that, as of such date,
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the
 Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can
 provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and procedures, our management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in
 evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no
 assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
 Act. Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued

by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, our management has determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting in our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
 materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B. 

Other Information

Not applicable.

ITEM 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

Not applicable.

98 

Index 

PART III

Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K because we will file a definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Proxy Statement), not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the applicable information included in the Proxy
 Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement.

ITEM 11. 

Executive Compensation

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement.

ITEM 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement.

ITEM 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement.

ITEM 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement.

PART IV

ITEM 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

(a) 

The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 

Financial Statements:

The information concerning our consolidated financial statements, and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm required by this Item is incorporated by reference
 herein to the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 8, entitled (PCAOB ID 185 Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data .

(2) 

Financial Statement Schedules:

All schedules have been omitted because the required information is not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedules, or because the
 information required is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto.

(3) 

Exhibits:

The list of exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K is set forth in the Exhibit Index immediately preceding the signature page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is
 incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 16. 

Form 10-K Summary

We may voluntarily include a summary of information required by Form 10-K under this Item 16. We have elected not to include such summary information.

99 

Index 

Exhibit

 Number

Exhibit Description

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated November 23, 2018, by and among Edge Therapeutics, Inc., Echos Merger Sub, Inc. and PDS Biotechnology Corporation (filed as Exhibit
 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 26, 2018, and incorporated by reference herein).

2.2 

Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated January 24, 2019, by and among Edge Therapeutics, Inc., Echos Merger Sub, Inc. and PDS Biotechnology Corporation
 (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein).

3.1 

Eighth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Edge Therapeutics, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2015, and
 incorporated by reference herein).

3.2 

Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of PDS Biotechnology Corporation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2022, and incorporated by reference
 herein).

3.3 

Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on March 18, 2019, and incorporated by
 reference herein).

3.4 

Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on March 18, 2019, and incorporated by
 reference herein).

4.1 

Form of Certificate of Common Stock (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333- 206416) filed on
 September 21, 2015, and incorporated by reference herein).

4.2 

Description of Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2020, and incorporated by reference herein).

4.3 

Form of Indenture (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267041) on August 24, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.1 

Form of Warrant issued under the Venture Loan and Security Agreement, dated August 24, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on November 14, 2022, and
 incorporated by reference herein).

10.2++ 

Venture Loan and Security Agreement, dated August 24, 2022, by and among Horizon Technology Finance Corporation, as a lender and collateral agent, Powerscourt Investments XXV, LP, as a
 lender, PDS Operating Corporation, as a guarantor, and PDS Biotechnology Corporation, as borrower (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q on November 14, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein).

10.3 

Clinical Trial Collaboration and Supply Agreement, dated May 19, 2017, by and between PDS Biotechnology Corporation and MSD International GmbH (filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-4/A on January 25, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein).

10.4 

Patent License Agreement, dated January 5, 2015, by and between PDS Biotechnology Corporation and National Institutes of Health, as amended by First Amendment, dated August 5, 2015 (filed
 as Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A on January 25, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein).

10.5 

Cost Reimbursement Agreement, dated November 1, 2015, by and between PDS Biotechnology Corporation and University of Kentucky Research Foundation (filed
 as Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A on January 25, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein).

10.6 

Cost Reimbursement Agreement, dated November 1, 2015, by and between PDS Biotechnology Corporation and University of Kentucky Research Foundation (filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-4/A on January 25, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein).

10.7 

Public Health Service Cooperative Research Development Agreement for Intramural-PHS Clinical Research, dated effective as of February 2, 2015, by and between the National Cancer
 Institute and PDS Biotechnology Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.28 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A on January 25, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein).

100 

Index 

10.8 

DOTAP Chloride Enantiomer License Agreement effective November 1, 2008, between Merck Eprova AG and PDS Biotechnology Corporation (filed as Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form S-4/A on January 25, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein).

10.9 ++ 

License Agreement dated as of December 30, 2022 by and between Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and PDS Biotechnology Corporation.

10.10 

Share Transfer Agreement by and between PDS Biotechnology Corporation and Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on January 3,
 2023, and incorporated by reference herein).

10.11+ 

PDS Biotechnology 2010 Equity Incentive Plan, and forms of agreement thereunder (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A on September 21, 2015, and
 incorporated by reference herein).

10.12+ 

Second Amended and Restated PDS Biotechnology Corporation 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on December 9, 2020, and
 incorporated by reference herein).

10.13+ 

Employee Stock Option Agreement under the Second Amended and Restated PDS Biotechnology Corporation 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2020, and incorporated by reference herein).

10.14+ 

PDS Biotechnology Corporation 2009 Stock Option Plan, as amended (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 on June 4, 2019, and incorporated by reference
 herein).

10.15+ 

PDS Biotechnology Corporation 2018 Stock Option Plan (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 on June 4, 2019, and incorporated by reference herein).

10.16+ 

Form of PDS Biotechnology Corporation Option Agreement for 2009 Stock Option Plan, as amended (filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 on June 4, 2019,
 and incorporated by reference herein).

10.17+ 

Form of PDS Biotechnology Corporation Option Agreement for 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 99.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 on June 4, 2019, and
 incorporated by reference herein).

10.18+ 

PDS Biotechnology Corporation 2019 Inducement Plan, as amended (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2022, and incorporated by reference
 herein).

10.19+ 

Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement under the 2019 Inducement Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on June 20, 2019, and
 incorporated by reference herein).

10.20+ 

Form of Indemnification Agreement for officers and directors (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 on August 14, 2015, and incorporated by reference
 herein).

10.21 

Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated July 29, 2019, by and among the Company and Aspire Capital Fund, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K on July 30,
 2019, and incorporated by reference herein).

10.22 

Sublease Agreement, effective as of March 5, 2020, by and between PDS Biotechnology Corporation and COWI North America, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Annual Report on Form
 10-K filed on March 27, 2020, and incorporated by reference herein).

10.23++ 

Patent License Agreement dated as of November 5, 2021, by and between PDS Biotechnology Corporation and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, as represented by the National
 Cancer Institute (filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein).

10.24++ 

Option Agreement with University of Georgia Research Foundation, Inc. effective as of October 25, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022, and
 incorporated by reference herein).

101 

Index 

10.25+ 

PDS Biotechnology Corporation Change of Control Severance Plan effective as of March 14, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022, and incorporated by
 reference herein)

10.26+++ 

Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement by and between Frank K. Bedu-Addo and PDS Biotechnology Corporation, effective as of March 14, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Annual Report
 on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein).

10.27+++ 

Executive Employment Agreement by and between Gregory Conn, Ph.D. and PDS Biotechnology Corporation, effective as of March 14, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on
 March 31, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein).

10.28+++ 

Executive Employment Agreement by and between Matthew Hill and PDS Biotechnology Corporation, effective as of March 14, 2022(filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March
 31, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein).

10.29+++ 

Executive Employment Agreement by and between Lauren V. Wood, M.D. and PDS Biotechnology Corporation, effective as of March 14, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
 on March 31, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein).

10.30+++ 

Executive Employment Agreement by and between Spencer Brown and PDS Biotechnology Corporation, effective as of June 1, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on
 August 8, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference).

21.1 

Subsidiary of PDS Biotechnology Corporation.

23.1 

Consent of KPMG LLP.

31.1 

Principal Executive Officer s Certifications Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

31.2 

Principal Financial Officer s Certifications Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).

32.2 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith).

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document)

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

+ 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.

Filed herewith unless otherwise indicated as furnished herewith.

Confidential Treatment has been requested with respect to certain portions of this Exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

++ 

Certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K.

102 

Index 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
 duly authorized.

PDS Biotechnology Corporation

March 28, 2023

By:

/s/ Frank Bedu-Addo

Frank Bedu-Addo, Ph.D.

President and Chief Executive Officer

March 28, 2023

By:

/s/ Matthew Hill

Matthew Hill

Chief Financial Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons in the capacities indicated below and on the dates indicated:

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Frank Bedu-Addo

President and Chief Executive Officer and Director

March 28, 2023

Frank Bedu-Addo, Ph.D.

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Matthew Hill

Chief Financial Officer

March 28, 2023

Matthew Hill

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

/s/ Gregory Freitag

Director

March 28, 2023

Gregory Freitag J.D., CPA

/s/ Stephen Glover

Director

March 28, 2023

Stephen Glover

/s/ Sir Richard Sykes

Director

March 28, 2023

Sir Richard Sykes

/s/ Kamil Ali-Jackson

Director

March 28, 2023

Kamil Ali-Jackson

/s/ Otis W. Brawley

Director

March 28, 2023

Otis W. Brawley

/s/ Ilian Iliev

Director

March 28, 2023

Ilian Iliev

103 

Index 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors

PDS Biotechnology Corporation:

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PDS Biotechnology Corporation and subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated
 statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
 statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally
 accepted accounting principles.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on
 our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
 laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
 consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our
 audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we
 express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
 that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
 significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit
 of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved
 our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
 2019.

March 28, 2023

104 

Index 

PDS BIOTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY

Consolidated Balance Sheets

December 31,

 2022 

December 31,

 2021 

ASSETS

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Prepaid expenses and other

Total current assets

Property and equipment, net

Financing lease right-to-use assets

Operating lease right-to-use asset

Total assets

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Financing lease obligation - short term

Operating lease obligation - short term

Total current liabilities

Noncurrent liabilities:

Note payable, net of debt discount

Financing lease obligation-long term

Operating lease obligation-long term

Total liabilities

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

Common stock, par value, shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, shares and shares
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

105 

Index 

PDS BIOTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss

Year Ended December 31,

2022

2021

Operating expenses:

Research and development expenses

General and administrative expenses

Total operating expenses

Loss from operations

Interest income (expense), net

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Interest income (expense), net

Loss before income taxes

Benefit from income taxes 

Net loss and comprehensive loss

Per share information:

Net loss per share, basic and diluted

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

106 

Index 

PDS BIOTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

Common Stock

Additional

Accumulated

Shares Issued

Amount

Paid-in Capital

Deficit

Total Equity 

January 1, 2021 

Stock - based compensation expense

Issuance of common stock from 401K match

Net loss

Balance - March 31, 2021 

Stock based compensation expense 

Issuance of common stock from 401K match

Issuance of common stock, from exercise of stock options

Issuances of common stock, net of issuance costs

Net loss

Balance - June 30 , 2021 

Stock based compensation expense 

Issuance of common stock, from exercise of stock options

Net loss

Balance September 30, 2021

Stock based compensation expense 

Issuance of common stock, from exercise of stock options

Net loss

Balance - December 31, 2021

Common Stock

Additional

Accumulated

Shares Issued

Amount

Paid-in Capital

Deficit

Total Equity 

January 1, 2022 

Stock based compensation expense

Issuances of common stock, from exercise of stock options

Net loss

Balance - March 31, 2022 

Stock based compensation expense 

Issuances of common stock, from exercise of stock options

Net loss

Balance - June 30 , 2022 

Stock based compensation expense 

Issuance of warrants 

Net loss

Balance September 30, 2022

Stock based compensation expense 

Issuances of common stock, from exercise of stock options

Net shares for settlements of equity awards and taxes

Issuance of common stock for licensing agreement

Issuance of common stock from ATM

Net loss

Balance - December 31, 2022

See accompanying notes to the financial statements.

107 

Index 

PDS BIOTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

Year Ended December 31,

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net loss

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:

Stock-based compensation expense

Issuance of shares in licensing agreement

Stock-based 401K company common match

Amortization of debt discount

Depreciation expense

Operating lease expense

Finance lease amortization expense

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses and other assets

Finance lease right-to-use asset 

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Finance lease liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash flows from financing activities:

Proceeds from issuance of note payable 

Payment for debt issuance costs 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options

Payment of taxes in equity transaction 

Proceeds from issuances of common stock, net of issuance costs

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

Supplemental information of cash and non-cash transactions: 

Cash paid for interest 

Fair value of warrants issued in connection with debt 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.

108 

Index 

PDS BIOTECHNOLOGY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

) U.S. patents with granted claims directed to its platform technology and 
 ) pending U.S. patent applications. These issued patents will expire in 2026, 2029, 2031 and 2033. Should the more recently
 submitted patent applications currently in prosecution be issued, these will expire in 2033 through 2043 assuming no patent term extensions are granted. As of March 1, 2023, PDS holds ) issued foreign patents and ) pending or
 published foreign patent applications. Most of our international issued patents are issued in multiple countries including Europe, Japan and Australia, and all of which cover compositions of matter and methods of use related to its platform
 technology. These issued patents will expire in 2028-2037, or later if patent term extension applies. Most recently, the USPTO allowed 
 ) applications methods of use related to the platform technology which when granted will run until November 2036.

million to Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and (ii) entered into a Share Transfer Agreement dated
 December 30, 2022 (the Share Transfer Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company issued shares of its common stock
 (the Shares to Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany in a private placement for an aggregate value of million, as measured by
 the closing price of the Company s common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market as of December 30, 2022. 

109 

. The Company reviews the recoverability of all long-lived assets, including
 the related useful lives, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset might not be recoverable.

million in an initial payment in cash and an additional million in Company Stock, plus future milestone and royalty payments. The Company accounts for milestone payments as expense in research and development and royalties
 as a reduction in revenues.

110 

Index 

Warrants to purchase Common Stock

Total

111 

Index 

million of cash and cash equivalents. The Company s primary uses of cash are to fund operating expenses, primarily research and development expenditures. Cash used
 to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when the Company pays these expenses, as reflected in the change to the Company s outstanding accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

million from the net sale of tax benefits through 2019 to an unrelated, profitable New Jersey corporation pursuant the Company s participation in the New Jersey Technology Business
 Tax Certificate Transfer Net Operating Loss (NOL) program for State Fiscal Year 2020.

shares of common stock at a public offering price of 
 per share pursuant to the 2020 Shelf Registration Statement, which includes shares issued upon the exercise by the
 underwriter of its option to purchase additional shares at the public offering price, minus underwriting discounts and commissions. the Company received gross proceeds of approximately million and net proceeds of approximately million, after
 deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses. Approximately of Shelf Securities remain available for future
 sale under the 2020 Shelf Registration Statement.

million from the net sale of tax benefits to an unrelated, profitable New Jersey corporation pursuant the Company s participation in the New Jersey Technology Business Tax
 Certificate Transfer NOL program for State Fiscal Year 2021.

million, million of which covers the offer,
 issuance and sale by the Company of its common stock under the Sales Agreement (as discussed below). The 2022 Shelf Registration Statement was declared effective on September 2, 2022. 

million , or the Placement Shares, through or to the
 Agents, as sales agents or principals. Upon delivery of a placement notice and subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, the Agents may sell the Placement Shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at the
 market offering as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including, without limitation, sales made through The Nasdaq Capital Market or on any other existing trading market for the Company s common stock. The Agents will use commercially reasonable efforts to sell the
 Placement Shares from time to time, based upon the Company s instructions (including any price, time or size limits or other customary parameters or conditions the Company may impose). The Company will pay the Agents a commission equal to three

percent of the gross sales proceeds of any Placement Shares sold through the Agents under the Sales Agreement, and the Company has also provided the Agents with customary indemnification and
 contribution rights. The Company is not obligated to make any sales of its common stock under the Sales Agreement. The offering of Placement Shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (i) the sale of all
 Placement Shares subject to the Sales Agreement or (ii) termination of the Sales Agreement in accordance with its terms. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold shares of our common stock for a net value of 
 million pursuant to the Sales Agreement. In the first quarter of 2023, we sold shares of our common stock for a net
 value of million pursuant to the Sales Agreement. 

112 

Index 

separate and independent term loans: (a) a term loan in the amount of ,
 or Loan A, (b) a term loan in the amount of , or Loan B, (c) a term loan in the amount of , or Loan C, (d) a term loan in the amount of ,
 or Loan D, (e) a term loan in the amount of , or Loan E, and (f) a term loan in the amount of , or Loan F, (with each of Loan A, Loan B, Loan C, Loan D, Loan E, and Loan F, individually a Loan and, collectively, the Loans). Loan A,
 Loan B, Loan C, and Loan D were delivered to the Company on August 24, 2022. In total, we received million in net proceeds.
 Loan E and Loan F are uncommitted Loans that may be advanced by the lenders upon their discretion prior to July 31, 2023 upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. The Company may only use the proceeds of the Loans for working capital or
 general corporate purposes. Each Loan matures on the -month anniversary following the applicable funding date unless accelerated
 pursuant to certain events of default. The principal balance of each Loan bears a floating interest. The interest rate is calculated initially and, thereafter, each calendar month as the sum of (a) the per annum rate of interest from time to
 time published in The Wall Street Journal as contemplated by the Loan and Security Agreement, or any successor publication thereto, as the prime rate then in effect, plus (b) ; provided that, in the event such rate of interest is less than ,
 such rate shall be deemed to be for purposes of calculating the interest rate. Interest is payable on a monthly basis based on
 each Loan principal amount outstanding the preceding month. The Company, at its option upon at least ten ) business days written
 notice to the lenders, may prepay all (and not less than all) of the outstanding Loan by simultaneously paying to each lender an amount equal to (i) any accrued and unpaid interest on the outstanding principal balance of the Loans; plus (ii) an
 amount equal to (A) if such Loan is prepaid on or before the Loan Amortization Date (as defined in the Loan and Security Agreement) applicable to such Loan, of the then outstanding principal balance of such Loan, (B) if such Loan is prepaid after the Loan Amortization Date applicable to such Loan, but on or before the date that is 12
 months after such Loan Amortization Date, of the then outstanding principal balance of such Loan, or (C) if such Loan is prepaid
 more than 12 months after the Loan Amortization Date but prior to the stated maturity date applicable to such Loan, of the then
 outstanding principal balance of such Loan; plus (iii) the outstanding principal balance of such Loan; plus (iv) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and payable thereunder. prepayment premium will be applied to any outstanding balance of any Loan paid on the stated maturity date.

transfers between Levels 1, 2, or 3 during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021.

As of December 31, 2021:

Cash and cash equivalents

113 

Index 

Computer and Telephone equipment

Lab equipment

Total furniture and equipment

Less accumulated depreciation

Property and equipment, net

and , respectively.

square feet of office space located at 25B Vreeland Road, Suite 300, Florham Park, NJ. The sublease commenced on May 1, 2020 and will continue for a term of forty ) months with an option to renew through October 31, 2027. As
 of December 31, 2022, there are eight ) months remaining in the lease term. Upon inception of the lease, the Company
 recognized approximately million of a ROU asset and operating lease liabilities. The discount rate used to measure the
 operating lease liability as of May 1, 2020, was . Throughout the period described above the Company has maintained, and
 continues to maintain, a month-to-month lease for its research facilities at the Princeton Innovation Center BioLabs located at 303A College Road E, Princeton NJ, 08540.

.

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 and after

Total future minimum lease payments

Less imputed interest

2024

2025

2026

2027 and after

Total future minimum lease payments

Less imputed interest

Remaining lease liability

financing
 leases for laboratory equipment with a total cost of with two to terms and a capitalized interest rate of . Each of the lease agreements include a bargain purchase option to acquire the equipment at the end of the lease term. The aggregate
 monthly payments are approximately . 

and , respectively. 

114 

Index 

Accrued professional fees

Accrued compensation

Accrued interest on debt

Accrued rent

Total

shares as ISOs, NQs and restricted stock units RSUs ), subject to increases as hereafter described (the Plan Limit ). In addition, on
 January 1, 2015, and each January 1 thereafter and prior to the termination of the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, pursuant to the terms of the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, the Plan Limit was and shall be increased by the lesser of (x) of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the immediately preceding December 31 and (y) such lesser number as the Board of
 Directors may determine in its discretion. In March 2019, the Plan was amended and restated which removed the annual increase component and was limited to shares.

shares to shares, plus the total number of shares that remained available for issuance, that are not covered by
 outstanding awards issued under the Current Plan, immediately prior to December 8, 2020; and (b) the Restated Plan will terminate on December 7, 2030, unless earlier terminated.

shares as (i) Stock Options, (ii) Stock Appreciation Rights, (iii) Restricted Stock, (iv) Preferred Stock, (v) Stock Reload Options and/or
 (vi) Other Stock-Based Awards. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for grant under the 2018 Stock
 Incentive Plan.

shares to 
 shares. On May 17, 2022, the Company further amended the Inducement Plan solely to increase the total number of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Inducement Plan from shares to shares. The Inducement Plan provides for the grant of non-qualified stock options. The Inducement Plan, and each amendment thereto, was recommended for approval by the Compensation Committee of the Board and
 subsequently approved and adopted by the Board without stockholder approval pursuant to Rule 5635(c)(4) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules .

shares available for
 grant under the Inducement Plan. 

General and administrative

Total

115 

Index 

and during the years
 ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Granted

Exercised

Forfeited

Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

of unamortized stock compensation expense, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining average vesting period of years.

per share.

Risk-Free Interest Rate

Expected Term in Years

Dividend Rate

Fair Value of Option on Grant Date

116 

Index 

shares of preferred stock authorized.

shares of common authorized.

vote for each share of common stock.

State taxes

Extraordinary gain

Permanent differences

Research and development

State Taxes/Sale of NOL 

Valuation Allowance

Other

Effective tax rate

117 

Index 

State net operating losses

Stock options

Federal tax credit

State tax credits

Research and Development Capitalization (IRC 174)

License Agreement

Amortization

Accrued expense

Depreciation

Lease liabilities

Other

Total gross deferred tax assets

Less valuation allowance

Deferred tax assets, net

Right of use asset

Total gross deferred tax liabilities

Deferred tax, net

and million
 respectively. The change in the valuation allowance during the year ended 2022 was approximately million.

million.

million. At December 31, 2022, the Company had federal research and development credit carryforwards of approximately million. The federal net operating loss carryforwards begin to
 expire in 2028, losses generated in 2018 or later of million will carry forward indefinitely. The federal credit
 carryforwards begin to expire in 2032 . Section 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 subject the future utilization
 of net operating losses and certain other tax attributes, such as research and experimental tax credits, to an annual limitation in the event certain ownership changes, as defined. The Company may be subject to the net operating loss
 utilization provisions of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. The effect of an ownership change would be the imposition of an annual limitation on the use of NOL carryforwards attributable to periods before the change. The amount of
 the annual limitation depends upon the value of the Company immediately before the change, changes to the Company s capital during a specified period prior to the change, and the federal published interest rate. Although the Company has
 not completed an analysis under Section 382 of the Code, it is likely that the utilization of the NOLs will be limited. 

million of State of New Jersey NOLs which expire between 2029 
 and 2041 . At December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million of the State of New Jersey research development credits carryforwards. The State of New Jersey has enacted legislation permitting certain corporations
 located in New Jersey to sell state tax loss carryforwards and state research and development credits, or net loss carryforwards. The Technology Business Tax Certificate Transfer Program enables qualified, unprofitable NJ-based technology or
 biotechnology companies with fewer than 225 US employees (including parent company and all subsidiary) to sell a percentage of New Jersey NOLs and research and development R D tax credits to unrelated profitable corporations. In 2022, the company sold
 New Jersey NOL carryforwards and R D Credits, resulting in the recognition of million of income tax benefit, net of
 transaction costs. There is no certainty as to whether this program will continue. 

uncertain positions. The Company s U.S. federal and state net operating losses have occurred since its inception in 2009 and as such, tax years subject to potential tax examination could apply from that date because the utilization of net
 operating losses from prior years opens the relevant year to audit by the IRS and/or state taxing authorities. Interest and penalties, if any, as they relate to income taxes assessed, are included in the income tax provision. The Company did
 t have any unrecognized tax benefits and has t accrued any interest or penalties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

118 

Index 

and , respectively, for month-to-month
 arrangements not impacted by the adoption of ASC 842.

million upon the achievement of certain milestones, including the dosing of the fifth patient in a Phase 3 trial
 of the product and first commercial sale of the product for a first and second indications in a major market, and (ii) up to 
 million upon achieving certain aggregate sales levels of the product.

on aggregate net sales of product as specified in the Merck KGaA License Agreement on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis until the later of: (i) after the first commercial sale of a product in a given country; and (ii) the expiration or invalidation of the licensed patents
 covering the compound or product in such country (collectively, the Royalty Term ). The royalty rate is subject to reduction in that event that a product is not covered by a valid patent claim, a biosimilar to the compound or the product
 comes on the market in a particular country, or if we obtain a license to any intellectual property owned or controlled by a third-party which but for such license would be infringed by making, using or selling the compound. 

) separate and independent term loans: (a) a term loan in the amount of 
 Loan A ), (b) a term loan in the amount of Loan B ), (c) a term loan in the amount of Loan C ), (d) a term loan in the amount of 
 Loan D ), (e) a term loan in the amount of Loan E ), and (f) a term loan in the amount of Loan F (with each of Loan A, Loan B, Loan C, Loan D, Loan E, and Loan F, individually a Loan and, collectively, the Loans ). Loan
 A, Loan B, Loan C, and Loan D were delivered to the Company on August 24, 2022. Loan E and Loan F are uncommitted Loans that may be advanced by the Lenders upon their discretion prior to July 31, 2023 upon the satisfaction by the Company of
 certain agreed upon conditions precedents. The Company may only use the proceeds of the Loans for working capital or general corporate purposes. 

anniversary following the applicable date on which a Loan is made to or on account of the Company under the Loan and Security Agreement (the Maturity Date unless accelerated
 pursuant to agreed upon events of default. All amounts outstanding under each Loan will be due and payable upon the earlier of the Maturity Date or the acceleration of the loans and commitments upon an event of default.

;
 provided that, in the event such rate of interest is less than , such rate shall be deemed to be for purposes of calculating the interest rate. Interest is payable on a monthly basis based on each Loan principal amount outstanding the
 preceding month. 

119 

Index 

business days written notice to the Lenders, prepay all (and not less than all) of
 the outstanding Loan by simultaneously paying to each Lender an amount equal to (i) any accrued and unpaid interest on the outstanding principal balance of the Loans; plus (ii) an amount equal to (A) if such Loan is prepaid on or before the
 Loan Amortization Date applicable to such Loan, percent of the then outstanding principal balance of such Loan, (B) if such Loan is prepaid after the Loan Amortization Date applicable to such Loan, but on or before the date that is twelve
 (12) months after such Loan Amortization Date, percent of the then outstanding principal balance of such Loan, or (C) if such Loan is prepaid more than twelve (12) months after the Loan Amortization Date but prior to the stated Maturity
 Date applicable to such Loan, percent of the then outstanding principal balance of such Loan; plus (iii) the outstanding principal balance of such Loan; plus (iv) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and payable hereunder. prepayment premium will be
 applied to any outstanding balance of any Loan paid on the stated Maturity Date. 

shares of the Company s common stock at an initial exercise price of 
 per share. Each warrant is classified as equity and is exercisable at any time for a period beginning on the date of grant and ending on the earlier of (A) from the date of grant, and (B) the closing of (A) (i) the sale, lease, exchange, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s property or
 business, or (ii) its merger into or consolidation with any other corporation (other than a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company), or any transaction (including a merger or other reorganization) or series of related transactions, in which
 more than of the voting power of the Company is disposed of, in each case, for cash or for marketable securities meeting certain
 requirements as described in the applicable warrants. The key assumptions used in Black-Scholes option pricing model were (i) expected term of , (ii) a risk-free rate of , (iii) expected volatility of , (iv) and estimated dividend yield. In addition,
 the Company incurred third party and lender fees of . These proceeds were allocated on a basis that approximates the relative
 fair value method. The fair value of the warrant and fees incurred were recorded as a debt discount and are being recognized as interest expense over the life of the loan and Security Agreement using the effective interest method. The
 unamortized debt discount was as of December 31, 2022. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022 and was related to
 the amortization of the debt discount for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

.

and respectively.

shares of common stock to the management and employees of the Company with a strike price of vesting on the first anniversary and the remaining vesting in equal monthly installments thereafter until fully vested. Included in the above mentioned grant,
 the Company granted an option to purchase , and to its Chief Executive Officer,
 Chief Scientific Officer and its Chief Medical Officer, respectively.

shares of common stock for a value of million pursuant to
 its Sales Agreement . 

120 

<EX-10.9>
 2
 brhc10050281_ex10-9.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.9

Exhibit 10.9

CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE REGISTRANT IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. [ ] INDICATES THAT INFORMATION HAS
 BEEN REDACTED.

LICENSE AGREEMENT

dated December 30, 2022

by and between

Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany

and

PDS Biotechnology Corporation

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS

3

ARTICLE 2 GRANT OF LICENSE

11

ARTICLE 3 TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER, REGULATORY MATTERS AND GOVERNANCE

13

ARTICLE 4 DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION

20

ARTICLE 5 FINANCIAL TERMS

22

ARTICLE 6 IP OWNERSHIP, INVENTIONS PATENT PROSECUTION AND MAINTENANCE

28

ARTICLE 7 CONFIDENTIALITY

32

ARTICLE 8 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

34

ARTICLE 9 INDEMNIFICATION, INSURANCE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

37

ARTICLE 10 TERM AND TERMINATION

39

ARTICLE 11 DATA PRIVACY AND COMPLIANCE

41

ARTICLE 12 DISPUTE RESOLUTION

42

ARTICLE 13 MISCELLANEOUS

43

Page 2 of 47 

LICENSE AGREEMENT

THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT (the Agreement is dated as of December 30, 2022 (the Effective Date by and between Merck KGaA, a
 corporation with general partners organized under German law, having a place of business at Frankfurter Strasse 250, 64293 Darmstadt, Germany Licensor and PDS Biotechnology Corporation, a company
 incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware, USA, having a place of business at 25B Vreeland Road, Suite 300, Florham Park, New Jersey 07932, USA Company ). Licensor and Company may be referred
 to herein as a Party or, collectively, as Parties .

RECITALS

WHEREAS , Company is a clinical-stage immunotherapy company developing targeted cancer and infectious disease
 immunotherapies based on its proprietary Versamune and Infectimune T cell-activating technology platforms; 

WHEREAS , Licensor is engaged, among other activities, in the development of pharmaceutical products and owns
 or Controls (as defined below) certain rights in the Compound (as defined below); and 

WHEREAS , Company wishes to license from Licensor, on an exclusive basis, the right to Develop, manufacture
 and Commercialize Products (as defined below) comprising the Compound in the Field (as defined below) and Licensor wishes to grant such license to Company. 

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants contained herein, the Parties agree as
 follows. 

ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS

In this Agreement the following terms, when capitalized, shall have the following meanings:

1.1 Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with another entity, but only for so long as such control exists. For the purposes
 of this Section, the word control (including, with correlative meaning, the terms controlled by or under the common control with means the actual power, either directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, to direct the
 management and policies of such entity, whether by the ownership of at least fifty percent (50 of the voting stock of such entity, or by contract or otherwise. With respect to Licensor, for the purposes of the defined terms Control , Licensor
 Know-How and Licensor Patents in Sections 1.11, 1.33, and 1.34 the term Affiliate shall exclude [ ].

Page 3 of 47 

1.2 Applicable Laws means any applicable supranational, federal, state, local or foreign law, statute, ordinance or principle of common law, or any rule, regulation,
 standard, judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree, arbitration award, agency guidelines or other requirement, license or permit of any Governmental Body, which may be in effect from time to time.

1.3 Calendar Quarter means each three (3) month period commencing January 1, April 1, July 1 or October 1, provided, however, that (a) the first Calendar Quarter of the
 Term shall extend from the Effective Date to the end of the first full Calendar Quarter thereafter, and (b) the last Calendar Quarter of the Term shall end on the date of termination or expiration of this Agreement.

1.4 Calendar Year means the period beginning on January 1 and ending on December 31 of the same year, provided, however, that (a) the first Calendar Year of the Term shall
 commence on the Effective Date and end on December 31 of the same year and (b) the last Calendar Year of the Term shall commence on January 1 of the Calendar Year in which this Agreement terminates or expires and end on the date of termination or
 expiration of this Agreement.

1.5 Clinical Trial means a clinical trial in human subjects that has been approved by a Regulatory Authority and Institutional Review Board or Ethics Committee and is
 designed to measure the safety or efficacy of a pharmaceutical product. Clinical Trials shall include Phase I Trials, Phase II Trials and Phase III Trials, or a study incorporating more than one of these phases (such as Phase I/II Trials, etc.).

1.6 Commercialization or Commercialize mean any and all activities undertaken before or after Regulatory Approval of an NDA for a
 particular Product and directed to the commercial exploitation of the Product, including the marketing, promoting, distributing, importing or exporting for sale, offering for sale, and selling of the Product, and interacting with Regulatory
 Authorities regarding the foregoing.

1.7 Commercially Reasonable Efforts means, (a) with respect to the efforts to be expended by any Party with respect to any obligation, such [ ]. Commercially Reasonable
 Efforts require, with respect to an obligation, that the Party: [ ]. If a Party grants a sublicense or assigns its rights or obligations under this Agreement to an Affiliate or Third Party as permitted under this Agreement, then, with respect
 to such Sublicensee, assignee or designee, Commercially Reasonable Efforts shall mean at least (a) the efforts and resources as required from the assigning Party pursuant to the first part of this Section 1.7 or (b) [ ]. Company shall not be
 permitted, in its exercise of Commercially Reasonable Efforts as defined in this Section 1.7, to consider the commercial potential of Competing Products controlled by Company or its Affiliates or any of its controlling shareholders (whereby the
 word control shall have the same meaning as set forth in Section 1.1), or deprioritize Compound or Product in favor of any such Competing Product.

1.8 Competing Product means any pharmaceutical product in any dosage form, formulation, presentation or package configuration which exhibits, or is designed to achieve,
 tumor-targeted IL-12 activity.

1.9 Compound means the NHS-IL12 fusion protein known as M9241 (as further defined by the polypeptide sequences as set forth in Schedule 1.9 ).

1.10 Confidential Information of a Party means information relating to the business, operations or products of such Party or any of its Affiliates, including any Know-How
 that is disclosed by or on behalf of a Party to the other Party or its Affiliates under this Agreement, or otherwise becomes known to the other Party or its Affiliates by virtue of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, Confidential
 Information includes information already provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party prior to the Effective Date and falling into the definition of Confidential Information under the confidentiality agreement entered into by and
 between the Parties with effective date as of July 18, 2021.

Page 4 of 47 

1.11 Control or Controlled means, with respect to (a) Patent Rights, (b) Know-How or (c) biological, chemical or physical
 material, that the Party or any of its Affiliates owns or has a license or sublicense to such right, item, or material (or in the case of material, has the right to physical possession of such material) and has the ability to grant a license or
 sublicense to, or assign its right, title and interest in and to, such right, item or material as provided for in this Agreement without violating the terms of any agreement or other arrangement with any Third Party, in particular such Third
 Party that has assigned or licensed such Patent Rights, Know-How or material to such Party (or any Affiliate of such Party).

1.12 Covered means, with respect to a Product, that the using, selling, or offering for sale of such Product would, but for a license granted in this Agreement under the
 Licensor Technology, infringe a Valid Claim of the Licensor Patents in the country in which the activity occurs.

1.13 Data Protection Law means the General Data Protection Regulation and any modifications or amendments thereof, and any successor provision of the European Parliament
 and the Council of the European Union, or any successor regulations or administrative pronouncements thereunder, as well as, if applicable, any other data protection laws of the country in which Company is established and any data protection laws
 applicable to Company in connection with this Agreement.

1.14 Development or Develop mean, with respect to a Product, the performance of all pre-clinical and clinical development,
 including toxicology, pharmacology, test method development and stability testing, process development, formulation development, quality control development, statistical analysis, Clinical Trials (excluding Clinical Trials conducted after
 Regulatory Approval of an NDA for a Product), manufacturing and regulatory activities that are required to obtain Regulatory Approval of an NDA for such Product in the Territory under this Agreement, and interacting with Regulatory Authorities
 regarding the foregoing.

1.15 Drug Product Inventory means the inventory of Compound in drug product form Controlled by Licensor and its Affiliates and
 existing as of the Effective Date which is listed in Schedule 1.15. 

1.16 Drug Substance Inventory means the inventory of Compound in drug substance form Controlled by Licensor and its Affiliates and
 existing as of the Effective Date which is listed in Schedule 1.16 .

1.17 EMA means the European Medicines Agency, or any successor agency thereto.

1.18 European Commission means the authority within the European Union that has the legal authority to grant Regulatory Approvals
 in the European Union based on input received from the EMA or other competent Regulatory Authorities, or any successor commission or agency thereto.

1.19 Executive Officers means, for Licensor its [ ] [ ], and for Company, its [ ].

1.20 FDA means the United States Food and Drug Administration, or any successor agency thereto.

Page 5 of 47 

1.21 Field means all prophylactic, palliative, therapeutic or diagnostic uses in humans or animals.

1.22 First Commercial Sale means the first sale or commercial transfer or disposition for value of the Product to a Third Party end-user by Company, its Affiliates or
 Sublicensees in any country. For the avoidance of doubt, Product transferred to Third Party end-users for no consideration or for consideration at or below the cost of manufacture thereof, in commercially reasonable quantities, as part of an
 expanded access program, compassionate sales or use program or named patient sales , an indigent program, as bona fide samples, as donations, for the performance of pre-clinical or clinical trials, for
 research, preclinical or regulatory purposes or for similar bona fide business purposes in accordance with all Applicable Laws, shall not be considered a First Commercial Sale.

1.23 GAAP means United States generally accepted accounting standards, as such accounting standards may be amended from time to time.

1.24 General Data Protection Regulation or GDPR mean the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council
 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC.

1.25 Governmental Body means any: (a) nation, principality, state, commonwealth, province, territory, county, municipality, district or other jurisdiction of any nature;
 (b) federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other government; (c) governmental or quasi-governmental authority of any nature (including any governmental division, subdivision, department, agency, bureau, branch, office, commission, council,
 board, instrumentality, officer, official, representative, organization, unit, body or entity and any court or other tribunal); (d) multi-national or supranational organization or body; or (e) individual, entity, or body exercising, or entitled
 to exercise, any executive, legislative, judicial, administrative, regulatory, police, military or taxing authority or power of any nature.

1.26 IND means an investigational new drug application filed with the FDA or the equivalent application or filing filed with any equivalent agency or Governmental Body
 outside the United States (including any supra-national entity such as in the European Union) for approval to commence Clinical Trials in such jurisdiction, and including all regulations at 21 U.S. CFR 312 et seq. and equivalent foreign
 regulations.

1.27 Indication means a generally acknowledged disease or condition, a significant manifestation of a disease or condition, or symptoms associated with a disease or
 condition, or a risk for a disease or condition for which an NDA may be obtained. For the purpose of this Agreement different types of conditions in the same disease category are different Indications (e.g. breast cancer or colon cancer or lung
 cancer are three different Indications). For clarity, (i) a Product may be approved and used in more than one Indication; (ii) moving from one line of therapy to another within an Indication will not be considered to be a new Indication, a
 non-limiting example of which is moving from second line therapy to first line therapy; and (iii) a single Indication would include the primary disease, disorder or condition and all variants or sub-divisions or sub-classifications within such
 primary disease, disorder or condition, and regardless of prophylactic or therapeutic use, pediatric or adult use and irrespective of different formulation(s), dosage forms, dosage strengths, or delivery system(s) used.

1.28 Initial License Agreement means the License Agreement between Licensor and Initial Licensor dated as of October 14, 2000, as amended, pursuant to which Licensor has
 obtained certain rights and licenses from Initial Licensor to technology which has been incorporated into the Licensor Technology.

Page 6 of 47 

1.29 Initial Licensor means [ ], formerly known as [ ] and previously as [ ], and its affiliates.

1.30 International Financial Reporting Standards or IFRS mean the set of accounting standards and interpretations and the framework in force on the Effective Date and
 adopted by the European Union as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC), as such accounting standards may be amended from time to time.

1.31 Know-How means any: (i) scientific or technical information, results and data of any type whatsoever, in any tangible or intangible form whatsoever, that is not in
 the public domain or otherwise publicly known, including discoveries, inventions, trade secrets, devices, databases, practices, protocols, regulatory filings, methods, processes (including manufacturing processes, specification and techniques),
 techniques, concepts, ideas, specifications, formulations, formulae, data (including pharmacological, biological, chemical, toxicological, clinical and analytical information, quality control, trial and stability data), case reports forms,
 medical records, data analyses, reports, studies and procedures, designs for experiments and tests and results of experimentation and testing (including results of research or development), summaries and information contained in submissions to
 and information from ethical committees, or Regulatory Authorities, and manufacturing process and development information, results and data, whether or not patentable, all to the extent not claimed or disclosed in a patent or patent application;
 and (ii) compositions of matter, cell lines, assays, animal models and physical, biological or chemical material, including drug substance samples, intermediates of drug substance samples, drug product samples and intermediates of drug product
 samples. The fact that an item is known to the public shall not be taken to exclude the possibility that a compilation including the item, or a development relating to the item, is (and remains) not known to the public. Know-How includes any
 rights including copyright, database or design rights protecting such Know-How. Know-How excludes Patent Rights.

1.32 Licensor Existing Research Collaborations means the collaborations between Licensor and its Affiliates and Third Parties as described in Schedule 1.32 .

1.33 Licensor Know-How means all Know-How that is Controlled by Licensor or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date or thereafter during the Term that (i) is necessary or
 useful in the manufacture of the Compound, and (ii) specifically relates to the Compound, and (iii) which was actually used by Licensor or its Affiliates in its own development of the Compound prior to the Effective Date. For clarity with
 reference to (iii) above, Licensor Know-How shall include [ ]. The Know-How set forth on Schedule 3.1b) constitutes to the knowledge of Licensor all Licensor Know-How as of the Effective Date.

1.34 Licensor Patents means all Patent Rights that are Controlled by Licensor or its Affiliates as of the Effective Date or during the Term that (i) cover the Compound and
 are necessary for the research, Development, manufacture, use or sale of Product in the Field in the Territory, or (ii) are based upon Licensed Know-How existing as of the Effective Date and are necessary or useful for the research, Development,
 manufacture, use or sale of Product in the Field in the Territory. The Patent Rights set forth on Schedule 1.34 constitute to the knowledge of Licensor all such Patent Rights Controlled by Licensor as of the Effective Date. To the extent
 the Parties agree that certain Patent Rights meet the definition of Licensed Patents as of the Effective Date but were inadvertently left off of Schedule 1.34 , such Patent Rights will be included as Licensed Patents, subject to any
 pre-existing Third-Party rights.

Page 7 of 47 

1.35 Licensor Technology means the Licensor Know-How and the Licensor Patents, collectively.

1.36 Major Market means any of the United States, Japan, China, Germany, France, Italy, the United Kingdom or Spain.

1.37 Net Sales means [ ]; but less the following deductions in accordance with GAAP: (i) trade, quantity and cash discounts or rebates, credits or refunds allowed or
 taken; (ii) allowances or credits given for claims, rejections or returns of previously sold or outdated Product (including recalls); (iii) retroactive price reductions (including chargebacks, rebates and similar payments made with respect to
 sales paid for any private payor or governmental organization such as federal or state Medicaid, Medicare or similar state or local program); (iv) bad debt expenses and amounts written off by reason of uncollectible debt, provided that if any bad
 debt is subsequently collected, it shall be added to Net Sales; (v) any charges for packing, handling, freight, insurance, postage, transportation and duty charges; and (vi) any value added tax, sales tax, duty, customs surcharge or other
 applicable government levies or charges.

In the event that a Product is bundled together with one or more other products and no individual value according to the previous sub-paragraph is available for the Product, then the Parties shall discuss in good
 faith the applicable value based on proportionate value contribution of the Product and the other product(s) with which the Product is bundled.

For clarification, (A) sale of a Product by Company, its Affiliates or Sublicensees to another of these entities for resale by such entity to a Third Party shall not be deemed a sale for purposes of this definition
 of Net Sales and (B) Product transferred to Third Party end-users for no consideration or for consideration at or below the cost of manufacture thereof, in commercially reasonable quantities, as part of an expanded access program,
 compassionate sales or use program or named patient sales , an indigent program, as bona fide samples, as donations, for the performance of pre-clinical or clinical trials, for research, preclinical or
 regulatory purposes or for similar bona fide business purposes in accordance with all Applicable Laws, shall not be deemed a sale for purposes of this definition of Net Sales .

1.38 NDA means a New Drug Application filed pursuant to the requirements of the FDA, as more fully defined in 21 U.S. CFR 314.3 et seq., a Biologics License Application
 filed pursuant to the requirements of the FDA, as more fully defined in 21 U.S. CFR 601, and any equivalent application submitted in any country in the Territory, including all additions, deletions or supplements thereto, and as any and all
 such requirements may be amended, or supplanted, at any time.

1.39 Patent Right(s) means (a) all national, regional and international patents and patent applications, including provisional patent applications, (b) all patent
 applications filed either from such patents, patent applications or provisional applications or from an application claiming priority from either of these, including divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, provisionals, converted
 provisionals and continued prosecution applications, (c) any and all patents that have issued or in the future issue from the foregoing patent applications ((a) and (b)), including utility models, petty patents 
 and design patents and certificates of invention, (d) any and all extensions or restorations by existing or future extension or restoration mechanisms, including revalidations, renewals, reissues, re-examinations and extensions (including any
 supplementary protection certificates and the like) of the foregoing patents or patent applications ((a), (b), and (c)).

Page 8 of 47 

1.40 Phase I Trial means a Clinical Trial in which the Product is administered to human subjects at multiple dose levels with the primary purpose of determining safety,
 metabolism, and pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties of the Product, and consistent with 21 U.S. CFR 312.21(a).

1.41 Phase II Trial means a Clinical Trial of the Product in human patients, the principal purposes of which are to make a preliminary determination that the Product is
 safe for its intended use, to determine its optimal dose, and to obtain sufficient information about the Product s efficacy to permit the design of Phase III Trials, and consistent with 21 U.S. CFR 312.21(b).

1.42 Phase III Trial means a Clinical Trial of the Product in human patients which trial is designed (a) to establish that the Product is safe and efficacious for its
 intended use; (b) to define warnings, precautions and adverse reactions that are associated with the Product in the dosage range to be prescribed; and (c) consistent with 21 U.S. CFR 312.21(c).

1.43 Product means any pharmaceutical preparation, substance, or formulation, comprising or employing, the Compound. Formulations or preparations containing the Compound
 at different concentrations or amounts will be considered to be the same product.

1.44 Regulatory Approval means any and all approvals, licenses, registrations, or authorizations of the relevant Regulatory Authority necessary for the Development,
 manufacture or Commercialization of a Product in a particular country or jurisdiction.

1.45 Regulatory Authority means (a) in the US, the FDA, (b) in the EU, the EMA or the European Commission, or (c) any Governmental Body with similar regulatory authority
 over pharmaceutical or biotechnology products in any other jurisdiction anywhere in the Territory.

1.46 Royalty Term means, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis, the period from the First Commercial Sale of a given Product in a given country until the
 later of (i) [ ] thereafter, and (ii) the expiration or invalidation of the last remaining Valid Claim Covering the Compound or Product in such country.

1.47 Senior Managers means, for Licensor its [ ], and for Company, its [ ].

1.48 Sublicensee means a Third Party other than an Affiliate of Company to which Company (or its Affiliate) has, pursuant to Section 2.2, granted sublicense rights under
 any of the license rights granted under Section 2.1. Sublicense shall be construed accordingly.

1.49 Sublicense Revenue means the excess of (A) any consideration to be paid to Company in respect of any Sublicense of the Licensor Technology granted by Company under
 this Agreement, to research, Develop, manufacture the Compound or Product, or Commercialize the Product anywhere in the Territory, or in consideration of the grant of the right to acquire such a Sublicense, including (a) option fees, license
 issue fees or other up-front payments, (b) royalties, annual license fees, milestone or other lump sum payments which are attributable to the grant of the rights in question, and (c) the fair market value of any non-cash consideration received
 by or payable to Company in lieu of payments in consideration for the grant of such sublicense rights to such Sublicensee, as compared to (B) the Upfront Total Consideration, milestone or royalty payment to be made by Company to Licensor
 hereunder.

Page 9 of 47 

1.50 Territory means all countries in the world.

1.51 Third Party means any party that is not a Party or an Affiliate of a Party or a Sublicensee of Company hereunder.

1.52 Valid Claim means any claim in any (i) unexpired and issued Licensor Patent that has not been disclaimed, revoked or held invalid by a final non-appealable decision of
 a court or other Governmental Body of competent jurisdiction or any (ii) [ ].

1.53 Other Terms. The definition of each of the following terms is set forth in the Section or part of this Agreement indicated below:

Term

Defined

Action 

6.4b)

Agreement 

preamble

Alliance Manager 

3.3

APS 

3.1e)ii

Anti-Bribery Laws 

11.2

APS 

3.1e)ii

Claim 

9.1

[ ] 

4.1d)

Company 

preamble

[ ] 

4.1c)

Company Indemnitees 

9.1

Company Patents 

6.1b)

Controlling Party 

6.5c)

Designated CDMO 

3.1c)

Effective Date 

preamble

ICC 

12.3

Improper Conduct 

11.2

Indemnified Party 

9.3

Indemnifying Party 

9.3

Licensor 

preamble

[ ] 

4.1c)

Licensor Existing Collaboration Partners 

2.3a)

Licensor Indemnitees 

9.2

Page 10 of 47 

[ ] 

4.1c)

[ ] 

4.1c)

Party and Parties 

preamble

Payee 

5.9

Payer 

5.9

Payments 

5.9

Personal Data 

11.1a)

PHSA 

6.6a)

Quality Agreement 

3.1f)

Term 

10.1

Third Party Action 

6.5a)

Transition Committee 

3.1g)

Sublicense Fee 

5.7a)

Upfront Cash Payment 

5.1b)

Upfront Consideration Shares 

5.1c)

Upfront Total Consideration 

5.1a)

VAT 

5.10

ARTICLE 2 GRANT OF LICENSE

2.1 Grant of License.

a) License . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Company an exclusive (even as to Licensor), milestone- and royalty-bearing right
 and license, or sub-license as applicable, with the right to sublicense subject to the provisions of Section 2.2, under the Licensor Technology to research, develop, have developed, make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, export and import
 (including the exclusive right to Develop and Commercialize) the Compound and Products in the Field in the Territory.

b) Initial License Agreement. Company acknowledges that (i) Licensor has disclosed to Company a redacted copy of the Initial License Agreement through virtual data room
 hosted by Intralinks, (ii) Licensor has licensed technology which has been incorporated into Licensor Technology from the Initial Licensor pursuant to the Initial License Agreement and (iii) certain rights and obligations of Licensor under the
 Initial License Agreement have been included in this Agreement. Any Patent Rights that were encompassed in such Initial License Agreement meanwhile have expired. Nonetheless, Licensor is required to comply with such Initial License Agreement
 towards the Initial Licensor. Should the Parties become aware of any inconsistency between this Agreement and the Initial License Agreement, the Parties will work together in good faith to resolve such issue without delay.

Page 11 of 47 

2.2 Grant of Sublicense by Company.

Company shall have the right to grant Sublicenses, in whole or in part, under the licenses granted in Section 2.1; provided, that: (a) each Sublicense agreement shall be consistent with the terms and conditions of
 this Agreement; (b) Company shall ensure that its Sublicensees comply with the applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement; and (c) Company s execution of a Sublicense agreement shall not relieve Company of any of its obligations under this
 Agreement, so that (i) Company shall remain primarily liable to Licensor for any act or omission of an Sublicensee that would be a breach of this Agreement if performed or omitted by Company and (ii) Company shall remain responsible for the
 performance of all of Company s duties and obligations contained in this Agreement by its Sublicensees to the same extent as if such activities were conducted by Company, in particular for any payments due hereunder. Company shall provide
 Licensor with a copy of each such executed Sublicense agreement in the English language promptly following execution of any Sublicense Agreement (subject to reasonable redaction). Until Company has paid the Upfront Cash Payment and provided the
 Upfront Consideration Shares to Licensor according to Section 5.1, the aforementioned right to grant Sublicenses shall be limited to standard Sublicenses to Third Party service providers of Company under market standard service agreements, such
 as service agreements with clinical research organizations. Thereafter, Company shall be free to grant Sublicenses to any Third Party or Affiliates as set forth in this Section 2.2.

2.3 Retained Rights .

a) Notwithstanding anything stated herein to the contrary, Company agrees and acknowledges that Licensor, prior to the Effective Date, has entered into the Licensor Existing
 Research Collaborations with Third Parties. As a result of such Licensor Existing Research Collaborations, Licensor retains rights under the Licensor Technology solely to the extent necessary to permit Licensor s Third Party collaboration
 partners under the Licensor Existing Research Collaborations (the Licensor Existing Collaboration Partners to exercise their rights under the Licensor Existing Research Collaborations, to the extent such
 rights have been expressly granted to such Licensor Existing Research Collaboration Partners under the Licensor Existing Research Collaborations as of the Effective Date. Should Licensor become aware of any proposed publications by any Licensor
 Existing Collaboration Partner, Licensor shall bring, subject to any conflicting Third Party rights pursuant to the Licensor Existing Research Collaborations, any such publication manuscripts to the attention of Company prior to publication, and
 request from the respective Third Party collaboration partner any amendment of such manuscripts as desired by Company.

b) Furthermore, Licensor retains rights under the Licensor Technology to the extent necessary to permit Licensor, its Affiliates and Third Party contractors to conduct the
 activities pursuant to Section 3.1.

Page 12 of 47 

ARTICLE 3 TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER, REGULATORY MATTERS AND GOVERNANCE

3.1 Technology Transfer .

a) Transfer Plans Generally. As soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event within ninety (90) days from the Effective Date, the Parties shall use Commercially
 Reasonable Efforts to mutually agree on transfer plans for Licensor Know-How, including, without limitation, CMC technology transfer. The Parties shall collaborate in good faith and shall make their respective relevant personnel available to
 complete the transfers in a timely manner, according to the mutually agreed transfer plans, and no later than within [ ] ([ ]) months from the Effective Date. The transfer shall be in accordance with Applicable Laws (including, in particular,
 applicable good laboratory practices (GLP), good clinical practices (GCP) and good manufacturing practices (GMP)) and shall be conducted in an orderly fashion and in a manner such that the value and usefulness of the Licensor Technology are
 preserved in all material respects. It is understood that such transfer will entail the provision of originals or copies, or the granting of access to originals stored at Licensor or at Third Party service providers, as required by Applicable
 Laws and agreed between the Parties. All documents shall be provided in their existing form(s) and in the original language only (provided that, for any documents not in English, Licensor shall provide any English translations of such documents
 in Licensor s possession or control); references to compounds other than the Compound may be redacted. Prior to the transfer of any Personal Data, the Parties shall ensure compliance with any applicable Data Protection Laws as set forth in
 ARTICLE 11, including by entering into any applicable ancillary agreements or standard contractual clauses. In accordance with the various transfer plans, Licensor shall transfer or make available to Company the Licensor Technology to Company, at
 Company s cost and expense at an hourly rate of [ ] preapproved by Company and incurred by Licensor s employees to support the agreed upon transfer activities. The first [ ] ([ ]) hours of Licensor s transfer activities pursuant to this
 ARTICLE 3 will be provided by Licensor at no cost to Company. Licensor shall provide to Company on a quarterly basis a written report summarizing in reasonable detail the number of hours spent on transfer activities for such quarter and the
 number of hours, if any, of free assistance remaining (for clarity, such reporting shall not count towards the [ ] ([ ]) hours free transfer activities). Upon Company s reasonable request, Licensor shall (i) provide to Company good faith
 estimates of the amount of hours it will take for Licensor to complete any transfer activity(ies) and (ii) use reasonable efforts to provide to Company a good faith estimate of the aggregate number of hours of free assistance that have been
 provided by Licensor through the date of Company s request, in each case to the extent that such information is accessible or otherwise reasonably determinable by Licensor. Licensor shall provide written notice to Company once the [ ] ([ ])
 hours of free transfer activities have been exhausted, promptly within [ ].

b) Licensor Know-How Transfer and Virtual Data Room Documents. The Licensor Know-How will be transferred to Company in accordance with, and within the timelines set forth in,
 the Licensor Know-How transfer plan, as outlined high level in Schedule 3.1b) . Upon mutual agreement between the Parties, transfer of certain Licensor Know-How items may already start prior to finalization of the Licensor Know-How
 transfer plan. In addition, already prior to the transfer of the Licensor Know-How, upon the signing of this Agreement by both Parties, the virtual data room hosted by Intralinks through which Licensor has provided to Company certain information
 relating to the Compound and the Licensor Technology prior to the Effective Date shall be frozen. As soon as practicable after the Effective Date but in any event within sixty (60) days of the Effective Date, Licensor shall obtain from the data
 room provider [ ].

Page 13 of 47 

c) CMC Technology Transfer. The CMC technology transfer shall be defined and governed by the CMC technology transfer plan as outlined at high-level in Schedule 3.1c) ,
 which CMC technology transfer plan shall be agreed upon between the Parties within ninety (90) days from the Effective Date. In accordance with such transfer plan, Licensor shall transfer to Company, or its designated Third Party contract
 manufacturer (the Designated CDMO ), Licensor Know-How that is specifically related to manufacture and testing of the Compound, drug substance and drug product (as manufactured as of the Effective Date) at
 Company s cost and expense. Such Licensor Know-How will be transferred to Company in its existing form. Company shall be responsible for the readiness of Company, or of its Designated CDMO, to receive the Licensor Technology and for the
 completion of the CMC technology transfer plan within the agreed timelines. The CMC technology transfer shall be completed by no later than [ ], after which Licensor shall have no obligation to further support the CMC technology transfer
 activities. The CMC technology transfer shall be deemed completed after the manufacturability is demonstrated through a GMP engineering run. For the avoidance of doubt, the CMC technology transfer will include routine technical questions and
 answers on the CMC Licensor Know-How, but Licensor shall not provide Company with consulting services relating to CMC matters unless specifically agreed under the CMC technology transfer plan.

d) Transfer of physical material comprised in Licensor Know-How . The Parties shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to agree, within [ ] ([ ]) days after the Effective
 Date, on a plan regarding the transfer to Company or a Third Party designated by Company of any physical material comprised in Licensor Know-How which the Parties agree shall be transferred to Company in accordance with Applicable Law (other than
 Drug Product Inventory and Drug Substance Inventory which will be transferred as set forth in sub-paragraph e) below), and prerequisites and activities required to be conducted or provided by Company or Company s Third Party service providers
 before such activities can be implemented. Any such physical material will be transferred to Company at Company s risk and at Company s sole costs and expense in accordance with such plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensor shall use no
 less care in handling and storing such physical material until the delivery to Company as set forth herein than it uses in the handling and storing of its own material, but at least reasonable care. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and without
 prejudice to any financial liability for breach of this Agreement, in no circumstance shall Licensor be obliged to replace any such physical material.

e) Drug Product Inventory, Drug Substance Inventory and related transitional Manufacturing and Supply Services by Licensor.

i. Drug Product Inventory . Within [ ] from the Effective Date, Licensor shall transfer to Company, or any Third Party designated by Company, the Drug Product Inventory. 
 No additional consideration will be due for the Drug Product Inventory. The Drug Product Inventory shall be delivered [ ]manufacturing or storage site to Company or any Third Party designated by Company, and title to the Drug Product Inventory
 shall transfer to Company simultaneously with risk transfer according to the above-referenced Incoterm (subject to Applicable Law and any necessary Quality Agreement). Licensor shall use no less care in handling and storing the Drug Product
 Inventory until the delivery to Company as set forth herein than it uses in the handling and storing of its own materials, but at least reasonable care.[ ].

Page 14 of 47 

ii. Drug Substance Inventory . In relation to Drug Substance Inventory, Company may choose to (A) have all or a portion of the Drug Substance Inventory transferred to Company
 or any Third Party designated by Company (and not converted into drug product), or (B) request Licensor to convert all or a portion of the Drug Substance Inventory into drug product and transfer such drug product to Company or any Third Party
 designated by Company. In case of (A), the provisions set forth in sub-paragraph i. shall apply mutatis mutandis . In case of (B), the following shall apply: Licensor will manufacture and supply to Company
 up to [ ] ([ ]) batches of drug product with a batch size of [ ] ([ ]) liters for clinical use, to be delivered in bulk packaging, using and limited to the Drug Substance Inventory or portion thereof, and there shall be no additional cost
 to Company for such Drug Substance Inventory. Batch size shall be as requested by Company, whereby Company may choose between (aa) [ ] ([ ]) to (bb) [ ] ([ ]) liter batch. In addition, [ ] ([ ]) aseptic process simulation APS per calendar year and within the interval between biannual shutdowns shall be required to be performed prior to drug product manufacture. For clarity, an APS will need to be performed following each
 manufacturing suite shutdown, before the subsequent drug product batch manufacture. The Parties will work together in good faith to optimize drug product manufacture scheduling. Licensor will deliver the drug product batches according to the same
 attributes (including but not limited to strength, formulation, batch size and container closure system) as Licensor s current process. The drug product will be released by Licensor for use in Phase I/II clinical trials, or for clinical trials
 for which additional Phase III release procedures are required following completion of additional Phase III release procedure studies subject to Section 3.1e)v. Delivery will be [ ] Company s manufacturing or storage site. Title to the Drug
 Product shall transfer to Company simultaneously with risk transfer according to the aforementioned Incoterms. Any change to the manufacturing process or outcome required by the Company will need to be agreed in advance and Company will bear the
 cost for its implementation. Within [ ] ([ ]) days of the Effective Date and every [ ] ([ ]) months thereafter, Company shall provide Licensor with an updated rolling forecast with the number of batches to be manufactured in the following
 [ ] ([ ]) months; provided that the first forecast shall be subject to mutual agreement by both Parties, acting in good faith, considering in particular long ordering lead time for certain raw
 materials. The first [ ] ([ ]) [ ]of each forecast shall be binding upon the Parties. With respect to the [ ] ([ ]) months of a forecast (i.e., months [ ]of a forecast), in the event that Licensor procures any necessary
 product-specific raw materials with an ordering lead time of greater than [ ] ([ ]) months in order to be able to manufacture drug product forecasted by Company for such period, Company shall be responsible for the actual out-of-pocket costs
 of such raw materials incurred by Licensor to the extent that such raw materials are not used for any future drug product orders by Company hereunder and Licensor delivers, at Company s expense, such raw materials to Company or its designee.
 Company shall submit to Licensor a binding, non-cancellable purchase order in compliance with the binding portion of the forecast with the expected delivery month. Upon receipt of each purchase order, Licensor shall confirm it and be responsible
 for the manufacture of the quantity of drug product set forth therein, provided that Licensor shall inform Company in the event that Licensor reasonably determines that such drug product cannot be delivered by the expected delivery month in such
 purchase order due to the required lead times or delivery delays by Third Parties for raw materials outside of Licensor s reasonable control, in which event the Parties shall work together in good faith to agree upon a delivery date. Licensor
 shall in no circumstance (including in case of any loss of Drug Substance Inventory or defective drug product) be obliged to replace Drug Substance Inventory or drug product lost in the manufacture process; provided, however, that Licensor shall
 be liable to Company for any such lost Drug Substance Inventory to the extent such loss arises from Licensor s negligence or breach of this Agreement. The manufacture of drug product under this Section 3.1e)ii does not include the performance of
 stability studies or additional characterization studies. The manufacture of drug product by Licensor hereunder shall be limited in time to the end of [ ] (except to the extent that Licensor fails to complete the manufacture of drug product
 under a binding purchase order) and shall be limited in volume to the conversion of the existing Drug Substance Inventory into drug product according to the existing process. For the avoidance of doubt, Licensor shall not be obliged to
 manufacture any further batches of drug substance to manufacture drug product. Unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing between the Parties, Licensor shall not be obliged to store any of the Drug Substance Inventory after [ ]. If the Company
 so requests by no later than [ ], any Drug Substance Inventory that is remaining as of [ ] will be transferred to Company within [ ] ([ ]) months at the latest, otherwise the remaining Drug Substance Inventory will be destroyed.

Page 15 of 47 

iii. Consideration for Drug Product Inventory and Drug Substance Inventory . The consideration for the Drug Product Inventory and Drug Substance Inventory in total shall
 amount to [ ] US Dollars (USD [ ]), which amount is non-refundable and is already included in the Upfront Cash Payment set forth in Section 5.1b).

iv. Costs relating to additional Drug Product Manufacturing from Drug Substance Inventory . The price for any drug product manufacturing according to sub-paragraph 3.1e)ii
 above shall be as set forth below:

Batch Size and number of APS

Price per drug product batch (EUR)

8 liter (1 - 2 APS)

[ ]

8 liter (3 - 4 APS)

[ ]

20 liter (1 - 2 APS)

[ ]

20 liter (3 - 4 APS)

[ ]

The price for batch sizes between eight (8) and twenty (20) liters shall be calculated pro rata. The respective payment shall be made within thirty (30) days after the receipt of the respective invoice from
 Licensor.

Page 16 of 47 

v. Costs for Phase III release procedures . Company acknowledges that the Drug Product Inventory and Drug Substance Inventory have been released by Licensor for use in Phase
 I/II clinical trials. In case Company will use any of the Drug Product Inventory or Drug Substance Inventory or any drug product manufactured from Drug Substance Inventory in any Clinical Trial for which additional Phase III release procedures
 are required as set forth in Schedule 3.1e)v , Licensor shall conduct such additional release procedures as quickly as reasonably practicable [ ] following (1) Company s request to Licensor to conduct such additional release procedures
 and (2) first date of availability of a slot for Licensor to conduct such additional release procedures, and Company will make to Licensor a one-time payment of [ ] Euros (EUR [ ]) as consideration for Licensor to conduct such additional
 release procedures. Such payment shall be made within [ ] after the receipt of the respective invoice from Licensor. Following Company s request to Licensor to conduct such additional release procedures, Licensor shall use best efforts to
 reserve a slot and schedule such release procedures as soon as reasonably possible.

vi. Representations, Warranties and Covenants regarding Drug Product Inventory and Drug Substance Inventory . Licensor represents, warrants and covenants to Company that:

(A) as of the Effective Date and the date of transfer to Company, all Drug Substance Inventory, Drug Product Inventory and drug product manufactured pursuant to Section 3.1e)ii are and shall have been manufactured,
 tested and/or stored, as applicable, in accordance with all applicable specifications (as of the Effective Date), cGMP and all Applicable Laws;

(B) as of the Effective Date, all Drug Substance Inventory and Drug Product Inventory shall have the shelf life as set forth in Schedules 1.15 and 1.16;

(C) as of the Effective Date and the date of transfer to Company, Licensor has the right to transfer to Company all Drug Substance Inventory, Drug Product Inventory and drug product manufactured pursuant to Section
 3.1e)ii, and such inventory and product are free and clear of any and all liens or other encumbrances ([ ]); and

(D) prior to each date of delivery to Company Drug Substance Inventory, Drug Product Inventory or drug product manufactured pursuant to Section 3.1e)ii, Licensor shall provide to Company all of the documents set
 forth in Schedule 3.2e)vi, and all such documents shall be complete, true and accurate in all respects.

f) Quality Agreement . The Parties shall negotiate in good faith one or more definitive agreements with regard to quality matters (each a Quality

Agreement relating to relevant activities which are within the scope of the transfer plans or this Section 3.1. In the event of a discrepancy between this Agreement and a Quality Agreement, the Quality Agreement governs with respect to
 quality matters and this Agreement governs with respect to all other matters. A Quality Agreement shall be signed by both Parties before and as a condition for the transfer of existing Drug Product Inventory, Drug Substance Inventory or any drug
 product to be manufactured from Drug Substance Inventory, or other physical material comprised in the Licensor Know-How or any other activities in its scope to start.

Page 17 of 47 

g) Transition Committee, Transfer Leads . Within fifteen (15) days following the Effective Date, the Parties will establish a committee to manage the transition (the Transition Committee ), that meets on a regular scheduled basis to: (i) lead the generation of the transfer plans and, (ii) oversee and coordinate activities of the transfer team members of both Parties related
 to the transfer set forth in the transfer plans. Each Party will nominate three (3) representatives to the Transition Committee, who possess a general understanding of research, development, regulatory, analytical and manufacturing matters to act
 as its representatives. The Transition Committee shall remain in existence until the completion of the technology transfer set forth in the transfer plans. Prior to the first meeting of the Transition Committee, each of the Parties will designate
 a transfer lead who will serve as first point of contact between the Parties in relation to the activities under this Section 3.1. Each Party has the right to replace its transfer lead at any time upon notice to the other Party. Licensor s
 transfer lead will co-ordinate and prepare Transition Committee meetings. Each Party shall bear its own costs and expenses associated with the Transition Committee and in no event shall Licensor s activities pursuant to this Section 3.1g) count
 against the free transfer activities hours to be provided by Licensor as described in Section 3.1b).

h) No use of information or data relating to other compounds. Company acknowledges and agrees that it will not, without Licensor s prior written consent, process, edit,
 analyze, publish or use any information or data that Company may get access to in the context of the transfer activities pursuant to this Section 3.1 or Section 3.2, to the extent such information or data relates to compounds other than the
 Compound.

3.2 Regulatory Matters .

a) General Responsibility for Regulatory Filings . Without prejudice to any Third Party cross-reference rights, as of the Effective Date going forward, Company shall be
 responsible for and, as between Licensor and Company, own all new regulatory filings and Regulatory Approvals for the Compound and Product, including all new INDs and NDAs, and, subject to Sections 3.2b) and 3.2d), shall be solely responsible for
 all communications with Regulatory Authorities regarding the Compound and Products in the Territory. Company shall notify Licensor promptly (latest within thirty (30) days) upon acceptance by the applicable Regulatory Authority of the first
 submission of an NDA for Product in the first country or jurisdiction in the Territory.

b) Existing regulatory filings. As soon as practicable after the Effective Date, IND #131184 will be transferred to Company,
 together with existing agreements, promises and conditions pertaining to such IND. In determining the timing for the transfer of IND #131184 to Company, the Parties will consider, in particular, the ongoing [ ] described in Section 4.1c) and
 the single patient expanded access described in Section 4.1d) (including the respective existing rights of cross-reference), as well as the timing of the transfer of the global safety database relating to the Compound as set forth in Section
 3.2d)). Until IND #131184 has been transferred to Company, Licensor will maintain such IND, and will continue to make any required updates, on behalf of Company and at Company s cost and expense. Furthermore, Licensor will make available to
 Company copies of its interactions with Regulatory Authorities in other jurisdictions in the Territory outside of the U.S. (e.g., inactive clinical trial submission packages), to the extent relating to the Compound. Prior to the Effective Date,
 Licensor has provided to Company a copy of the most recent version of the Investigator Brochure for the Compound through the virtual data room hosted by Intralinks. Licensor shall provide to Company in writing any required updates and proposed
 interactions with Regulatory Authorities reasonably in advance for Company s review and comment, and Licensor shall consider any such comments in good faith; in case of urgent interactions with Regulatory Authorities, Licensor will inform Company
 and will provide copies thereof as soon as practicable. The activities under this Section 3.2b) will be conducted in connection with the activities to be undertaken pursuant to Section 3.1, at Company s cost as set forth in Section 3.1.

Page 18 of 47 

c) Cooperation . The Parties will do all things reasonably necessary to give effect to Section 3.2b), including executing and delivering to the relevant Regulatory Authority
 any ancillary documents and commitments. In particular, Licensor will submit to the FDA a letter or other necessary documentation (with copy to Company) notifying the FDA of the transfer of ownership of IND #131184 to Company, and Company as new
 owner of IND #131184 will submit a letter (with copy to Licensor) confirming Company s commitment to the existing agreements, promises, and conditions pertaining to IND #131184.

d) Safety Reporting and Pharmacovigilance . Without limiting the transfer obligations set forth in Section 3.1 and in this Section 3.2d) and the activities and obligations to
 be set forth in the safety transition plan as described below, Licensor shall, as soon as practicable after the Effective Date (but in no event later than twelve (12) months after the Effective Date), deliver or otherwise make reasonably
 available to Company, and Company shall take all steps that are reasonably necessary to enable the Company to take over the ownership of, the global safety database from Licensor for the Compound, and to migrate such safety database to Company.
 The Parties agree to comply with any and all Applicable Laws that are applicable as of the Effective Date and thereafter during the Term in connection with safety data collection and reporting for the Compound. The IND holder or the sponsor of
 the Clinical Trials involving the Compound shall be solely accountable for compliance with all Applicable Law pertaining to safety reporting and related activities, including reporting of all safety information required to be submitted to the
 concerned Regulatory Authority, institutional review board or ethics committee, and investigators as required by Applicable Laws. As soon as possible after the Effective Date, but in any event within thirty (30) days after the Effective Date, the
 safety teams of the Parties shall meet to agree upon a detailed safety transition plan, which plan shall set forth (i) the activities to be performed by the Parties for the transfer of the ownership of the global safety database for the Compound
 to Company, such as migration of the safety database as part of the Technology Transfer in Section 3.1, (ii) whether the Parties shall enter into a separate safety data exchange agreement considering the respective roles and related safety and
 pharmacovigilance reporting obligations of the Parties, and (iii) other activities and obligations to be performed by Licensor and Company until such time as the global safety database has been transferred to Company. The safety transition plan 
 shall include that: (A) Licensor shall continue to conduct safety surveillance activities for the Compound, including, if necessary, the provision of monthly listings to Company, to allow Company to conduct analysis of similar events for
 suspected unexpected serious adverse reactions, until transfer of the global safety database to Company; (B) any serious adverse events observed through the [ ] and the expanded access program with [ ] shall continue to be reported directly
 to Licensor for inclusion in the global safety database until Company contracts with applicable investigators to receive such serious adverse events directly, provided that Company shall as soon as possible after the Effective Date use best
 efforts to contract with such applicable investigators to receive the serious adverse events for the Compound directly (see also Section 4.1d)); (C) following transfer of IND #131184 to Company, Licensor shall forward copies of any suspected
 unexpected serious adverse reactions reports that it receives from the [ ] and the expanded access program related to the Compound to Company in English within such reasonable timelines which enable Company to comply with all Applicable Laws,
 until transfer of the global safety database to Company and until Company contracts with applicable investigators to receive such reports directly as set forth above; (D) Licensor shall submit the applicable development safety update reports for
 the Compound required for the 2022 Calendar Year to the applicable Regulatory Authorities; (E) Company will be responsible to compile and submit the development safety update report for the Compound for the 2023 Calendar Year (in the case of the
 2023 Calendar Year, if the global safety database has not been transferred to Company, Licensor will provide respective line listings from the global safety database to support compilations of the development safety update report by Company). All
 activities under this Section 3.2d) shall be at Company s cost in accordance with Section 3.1.

Page 19 of 47 

3.3 Alliance Managers . Each Party will appoint a representative of such Party to act as its Alliance Manager under this Agreement (the Alliance

Manager on the Effective Date. The Alliance Managers will serve as the primary contact point between the Parties. Each Party may replace its Alliance Manager at any time upon notice to the other Party. The Alliance Managers will
 facilitate the flow of information and otherwise promote communication, coordination, and collaboration between the Parties, including in particular the transfer of Licensor Technology to Company as described in this ARTICLE 3; provide a single
 point of communication for seeking consensus both internally within the respective Party s organization and facilitating review of external corporate communications; and address cross-Party and/or cross-functional disputes in a timely manner.

ARTICLE 4 DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION

4.1 Development of Product by Company .

a) General . Company shall have the exclusive right and responsibility to research and Develop the Product and to conduct (either itself or through its Affiliates, agents,
 subcontractors or Sublicensees) all Clinical Trials and non-clinical studies Company believes appropriate to obtain Regulatory Approval for the Product in any Indication in the Territory.

b) Annual Development Reports. Company will provide to Licensor, each time within ninety (90) days after the end of a Calendar Year, with a written report in English
 language and in a form reasonably acceptable to Licensor, summarizing in reasonable detail the Development activities conducted by Company (itself or through its Affiliates and Sublicensees and its or their Third Party service providers) in the
 preceding year. Such reports shall include at least the information set forth in Schedule 4.1.b) .

c) Clinical Trials by the [ ]. The Parties acknowledge and agree that as of the Effective Date the [ ] [ ] is the sponsor of
 certain Clinical Trials of the Compound and holds certain INDs relating to the Compound, as set forth in Schedule 4.1c) (the [ ] ). Until the Effective Date, such [ ] have been conducted under
 a [ ] ([ ]) [ ] (the [ ] ). Separate from the [ ] there also exists a [ ] between Company and the [ ] (the [ ] ), covering the use of Company s
 proprietary investigational immunotherapy known as PDS0101. Licensor represents and warrants that the [ ] has been amended such that, as of the Effective Date, the Compound no longer is subject to the [ ], and the Company represents and
 warrants that it has agreed with [ ] that the use of the Compound in the [ ] as of the Effective Date going forward will be subject to the [ ]. Licensor will continue to provide reasonable support to Company regarding the transfer of [ ]
 to Company. For clarity, Company shall not be bound by any of the obligations under the [ ], and Licensor shall not be bound by any of the obligations under the [ ]. 

Page 20 of 47 

d) Ongoing Single Patient Expanded Access. As of the Effective Date, a single patient is being treated with the Compound in combination with Licensor s proprietary compound
 known as avelumab at the [ ] [ ] ), under a single patient expanded access arrangement and a single patient IND, which IND is not controlled by Licensor but is understood to be cross-referencing
 Licensor s IND #1311384. A redacted version of the underlying physician s agreement has been made available to Company prior to the Effective Date. Licensor has informed Company that on or about the date hereof it has or it will supply to the
 [ ]. As soon as practicable after the Effective Date, the Parties will work together in good faith and with the [ ], as may be required, to enable provision of the Compound by Company, and of avelumab by Licensor, to the [ ] for its
 treatment of the single patient for as long as such treatment is medically appropriate and in accordance with Applicable Law.

4.2 Commercialization.

a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Company shall have the exclusive right and responsibility to Commercialize the Product in the Territory by
 itself or through one or more Third Parties selected by Company and shall have the responsibility in all matters relating to the Commercialization of the Product in the Territory.

b) Annual Commercialization Reports . Starting by the end of the year that is not more than [ ] ([ ]) months prior to expected launch of a Product in any of the Major
 Markets, Company will provide to Licensor, each time within [ ] ([ ]) days after the end of a Calendar Year, with a written report in English language and in a form reasonably acceptable to Licensor, summarizing in reasonable detail the
 Commercialization activities conducted by Company (itself or through its Affiliates and Sublicensees and its or their Third Party service providers) in the preceding year in the Major Markets. Such reports shall include at least (i) information
 on marketing strategy, (ii) overview on economic and regulatory conditions and (iii) expected launch dates and activities prior to and after the First Commercial Sale of a Product in a given country in the Major Markets.

4.3 Development and Commercial Manufacturing and Supply . Company shall have the exclusive right to, and shall be solely responsible for, manufacture the Compound and the
 Product itself or through one or more Third Parties selected by Company. Except as expressly set forth in in Section 3.1e), Licensor shall not be obliged to manufacture or supply Compound or Product.

4.4 Diligence by Company . [ ].

Page 21 of 47 

4.5 Trademarks. Company shall have the sole authority to select trademarks for the Product and shall own all such trademarks.

ARTICLE 5 FINANCIAL TERMS

5.1 Upfront Payment in Cash and Company Shares .

a) Total Amount. The total non-refundable, non-creditable total upfront consideration (the Upfront Total Consideration to be paid
 by Company to Licensor in partial consideration for the grant of the rights hereunder shall amount to ten million US Dollars (USD 10,000,000), which amount is inclusive of the consideration for the Drug Product Inventory and Drug Substance
 Inventory set forth in Section 3.1e)iii.

b) Cash Payment . Company shall pay a partial amount of five million US Dollars (USD 5,000,000) of the Upfront Total Consideration (such partial amount, the Upfront Cash Payment to Licensor in cash according to Section 5.8 within thirty (30) days from the Effective Date.

c) Share Consideration. Company shall issue to Licensor pursuant to that certain Share Transfer Agreement entered into as of the Effective Date by and between Company and
 Licensor, within thirty (30) days from the Effective Date, such number of shares in Company that is equivalent to the remaining partial amount of the Upfront Total Consideration, i.e., five million US Dollars (USD 5,000,000), provided that:

i. The number of shares to be issued to Licensor shall be calculated based on the stock price of the Company shares listed on the NASDAQ as of the Effective Date (closing
 price);

ii. In no event shall Company issue to Licensor any number of shares in Company that would exceed four point ninety-nine percent (4.99 of the total outstanding shares in
 the Company; and

iii. Any difference between the maximum number of shares to be issued to Licensor pursuant to sub-paragraph ii of this Section 5.1c) and the remaining partial amount of the
 Upfront Total Consideration as set forth in Section 5.1c), shall be paid to Licensor in cash according to Section 5.8 within thirty (30) days from the Effective Date. The same shall apply to any fractional amounts;

(such Company shares, the Upfront Consideration Shares ).

d) Lock-Up . Licensor shall not sell the Upfront Consideration Shares prior to one-hundred eighty (180) days from the Effective Date.

5.2 Development Milestone Payments .

a) As further consideration for the grant of the rights hereunder, Company shall pay to Licensor the non-refundable, non-creditable milestone payment set forth below in
 accordance with the following terms set forth herein. Company shall promptly notify Licensor in writing, and no later than thirty (30) days, of the occurrence of any such milestone event, and shall pay the respective development milestone payment
 within thirty (30) days from receipt by Company of a corresponding invoice from Licensor.

Page 22 of 47 

#

Development Milestone Event for the first Product

Milestone

 Payment

 (USD)

1

[ ]

1,000,000

2

[ ]

5,000,000

3

[ ]

5,000,000

b) Each of the foregoing milestone payments shall be paid only once, regardless of whether there is more than one Product that achieves a milestone; provided, however, that
 each milestone event need not be achieved by the same Product.

c) If a particular Product in a particular Indication achieves a development milestone event (and the respective milestone payment becomes due and payable hereunder), then
 any preceding milestone payments relating to such Product in such Indication (which may have not been triggered due to a skipped development milestone event and therefore were not due and payable before), shall become due and payable concurrently
 with the milestone payment triggered by the achieved milestone event.

d) In the event that Company files an NDA for the first Product for the first Indication without conducting a Phase III Trial for such first Product in such first
 Indication, then, upon acceptance by the applicable Regulatory Authority of such NDA, development milestone #1 above shall be deemed achieved and the corresponding milestone payment shall be due and payable pursuant to the terms and conditions
 set forth in Section 5.2a).

5.3 Commercial Milestone Payments . 

a) As further partial consideration for Licensor s grant of rights and licenses to Company hereunder, Company shall pay Licensor the following amounts for the achievement of
 the following commercial event milestones:

#

Commercial Milestone Events

Milestone

 Payment

 (USD)

6

Upon aggregate annual Net Sales of Products exceeding for the first time USD [ ]

15,000,000

7

Upon aggregate annual Net Sales of Products exceeding for the first time USD [ ]

30,000,000

8

Upon aggregate annual Net Sales of Products exceeding for the first time USD [ ]

60,000,000

Page 23 of 47 

b) Company shall deliver written notice to Licensor within [ ]. Company shall deliver the corresponding commercial event milestone payment to Licensor within thirty (30)
 days of receipt by Company of a corresponding invoice from Licensor.

c) For the avoidance of doubt, each aforementioned commercial event payment shall be made only once, regardless of the number of Calendar Years in which the Products achieve
 such commercial event milestone. For example, if for a Calendar Year, aggregate annual Net Sales of all Indications of the Product in the Territory are [ ] US Dollars (USD[ ]), the total commercial milestone payments earned shall be [ ] US
 Dollars (USD [ ]), and such commercial event payment shall no longer be triggered by any Product in any Calendar Year.

d) The achievement of a higher commercial event milestone shall trigger the payment of a lower commercial event milestone in the event such lower commercial event milestone
 had not been triggered prior to achievement of the higher commercial event milestone. For example, if in the first Calendar Year following the First Commercial Sale of Product, aggregate annual Net Sales of all Indications of the Product in the
 Territory are of [ ] US Dollars (USD[ ]), the commercial event milestone in (a.7) above has been achieved (although the commercial event milestone in (a.6) had not been previously triggered) and shall trigger the payment of the commercial
 event milestones of (a.7) and the lesser commercial event milestone in (a.6) (which had not been previously triggered).

5.4 Royalty.

a) Royalty Rate. As further consideration for Licensor s grant of the rights and licenses to Company hereunder, Company shall pay to Licensor, on a Product-by-Product and
 country-by-country basis, a royalty of ten percent (10 on aggregate Net Sales of Product in the Territory. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, such royalty shall not be subject to offset or reduction for any reason.

b) Reduction of Royalty .

i. No Valid Claim. If a Product is not Covered by a Valid Claim in the U.S., then the royalties on Net Sales of Product in the U.S. due under Section 5.4a) shall be reduced
 by [ ] percent ([ ] ).

ii. Biosimilar Market Entry . If a biosimilar to the Compound or Product comes on the market in a particular country in the Territory during the Royalty Term, the royalty due
 to Licensor on Net Sales of the Product in such country shall be reduced by [ ] percent ([ ] ).

Page 24 of 47 

iii. Third Party License . If Company obtains a license to any intellectual property owned or controlled by a Third Party which but for such license would be infringed by
 making, use or sale of Compound in a given country in the Territory, then Company may deduct from any royalty payment otherwise owed to Licensor under Section 5.4a) in that given country up to [ ] percent ([ ] of the payments paid by
 Company to such Third Party.

iv. Maximum Reduction . The Parties agree that the royalty on Net Sales in a country in a Calendar Quarter due under Section 5.4a) may not be reduced by more than [ ]
 percent ([ ] as a result of the application of any reductions set forth in this Section 5.4b).

5.5 Royalty Reports. Commencing with the Calendar Quarter in which the First Commercial Sale of a Product is made by Company or its Affiliate or Sublicensee, Company shall
 submit to Licensor, with each royalty payment a detailed, written report detailing its computation of royalties due on Net Sales in each country during each Calendar Quarter within [ ] after the end of each Calendar Quarter (and Company shall
 cause its Sublicensees to submit royalty reports containing the same level of detail), which report shall indicate: (i) the amount of gross sales of the Product, (ii) an itemized calculation of Net Sales, including each type of deduction provided
 for in the definition of Net Sales , (iii) the amount of Net Sales of the Product sold by Company, its Affiliates and Sublicensees during the reporting period; (iv) the royalties due thereon; (v) the exchange rates used in determining the amount
 of US Dollars; and (vi) the reductions taken under Section 5.4b).

5.6 Record Retention, Inspection . Company shall keep, or cause its Affiliates and Sublicensees to keep, complete and accurate records in sufficient detail to enable Net
 Sales and royalties payable under Section 5.4 to be established for a period of [ ] after the date that such royalties were payable. Such records shall be consistent with Company s normal accounting principles. At the request of Licensor (but
 not more frequently than once each Calendar Year) an independent chartered or certified public accountant chosen by Licensor but approved by Company (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) that has entered into a
 confidentiality agreement with Company (which confidentiality agreement shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed by Company), shall be allowed access during ordinary business hours to such records pertaining to [ ] solely to verify the
 accuracy of any payments made to Licensor under Section 5.4. The accountant shall not disclose to Licensor any information other than that which should properly be contained in a report of matters relevant to Net Sales and royalty calculation and
 payment arising under Section 5.4 above. In the case of Sublicensees, Company shall make such Sublicensees records available to Licensor. Any inspection conducted under this Section 5.6 shall be at the expense of Licensor, unless such
 inspection reveals any underpayment of the payments due hereunder for the audited period of the greater of [ ] dollars [ ]) and [ ] percent ([ ] ), in which case the full costs of such inspection for such period shall be borne by
 Company. Any underpayment shall be paid by Company to Licensor, within [ ] of written notice, with interest on the underpayment at the rate specified in Section 5.8c) from the date such payment was originally due. Any overpayment shall be
 credited against future amounts due by Company to Licensor.

Page 25 of 47 

5.7 Sublicense Revenue.

a) If Company sublicenses the licenses herein in any country in accordance with Section 2.2, Company shall, in addition to the payments owed to Licensor pursuant to Sections
 5.1 to 5.4, pay to Licensor a royalty on any Sublicense Revenue (the Sublicense Fee ), as follows:

Point in time of execution of Sublicense

Sublicense Fee

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

[ ] 

The Sublicense Fee shall be calculated on the basis of any Sublicense Revenue received by or payable to Company or its Affiliates from a Sublicensee.

b) In the event that Sublicense Revenue is received by or payable to Company or its Affiliates for a particular payment-triggering event under a Sublicense and Company owes
 a Development or commercial milestone to Licensor for the same payment-triggering event, then the Sublicense Fee shall be based on the amount of Sublicense Revenue that is received by or payable to Company or its Affiliates in excess of the
 corresponding milestone event owed by Company to Licensor pursuant to Sections 5.2 and 5.3. In the event that Company or its Affiliates receives Sublicense Revenue from a Sublicensee for which there is no-triggering event due to Licensor
 hereunder, then the Sublicense Fee shall be based on the full amount of such Sublicense Revenue.

c) In the event that Sublicense Revenue is received by or payable to Company or its Affiliates for occurrence of sales of Products under a Sublicense, then the Sublicense
 Fee shall be based on the amount of Sublicense Revenue that is received by or payable to Company or its Affiliates in excess of the corresponding royalties owed by Company to Licensor pursuant to Section 5.4. For the avoidance of doubt, all net
 sales amounts reported to Company in accordance with the Sublicensee s contractual terms, shall be accounted as Net Sales pursuant to Section 1.37 of this Agreement.

d) Payments owed by Company pursuant to Section 5.7 shall be made by Company to Licensor within thirty (30) days following Company s receipt of such Sublicense Revenue from
 the applicable Sublicensee. Company covenants that it shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to collect payment from its Sublicensees by the payment due date under their respective sublicense agreements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
 event that Company is in material breach of its sublicense agreement with a Sublicensee and such Sublicensee refuses to make payment to Company of any Sublicense Revenue, payments owed by Company pursuant to Section 5.7 shall be made by Company
 to Licensor within thirty (30) of the later of (i) the date that payment from the Sublicensee to Company is due and (ii) Company s knowledge that it is in material breach of the sublicense agreement and such Sublicensee is refusing to make
 payment as a result thereof.

Page 26 of 47 

5.8 Payment Terms.

a) General . All payments to Licensor hereunder shall be made by deposit of US Dollars in the requisite amount to such bank account indicated in the respective invoice from
 Licensor or as Licensor may from time to time otherwise designate by written notice to Company. The Parties may vary the method of payment set forth herein at any time upon mutual agreement, and any change shall be consistent with the Applicable
 Laws at the place of payment or remittance. Licensor shall submit all invoices under this Agreement to [ ] with a copy to [ ] (or such other address as Company may provide in writing to Licensor).

b) Payment of Royalties . Simultaneous with the delivery of the report described in Section 5.5, Company shall pay, or cause to be paid, to Licensor at such place as Licensor
 may from time to time designate in writing, all royalties earned pursuant to Section 5.4 in the preceding Calendar Quarter. All such payments shall be made in US Dollars. With respect to sales not denominated in US Dollars, royalty amounts owed
 shall first be calculated in the currency of sale, and then such amounts shall be converted into US Dollars using the exchange rate of the U.S. Central Bank on the last day of the Calendar Quarter to which the report relates.

c) Late Payments . In the event that any payment due under this Agreement is not made when due, the payment shall accrue interest from the date due at the rate of [ ]
 percent ([ ] above the three months SOFR (secured overnight financing rate) or any other successor US benchmark rate if applicable, measured at 2 p.m. New York, USA time on the date payment is due; provided, that in no event shall such rate
 exceed the maximum legal annual interest rate. Interest will be calculated on an [ ]. The payment of such interest shall not limit Licensor from exercising any other rights it may have as a consequence of the lateness of any payment.

5.9 Withholding Tax. The amounts payable by one Party (the Payer to the other Party (the Payee 

pursuant to this Agreement Payments shall not be reduced on account of any taxes unless required by Applicable Law. The Payee alone shall be responsible for paying any and all taxes levied on account
 of, or measured in whole or in part by reference to, any Payments it receives. The Payer shall deduct or withhold from the Payments any taxes that it is required by Applicable Laws to deduct or withhold. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
 Payee is entitled under any applicable tax treaty to a reduction of rate of, or the elimination of, or recovery of, applicable withholding tax, it shall promptly deliver to the Payer or the appropriate Governmental Body the prescribed forms
 necessary to reduce the applicable rate of withholding or to relieve the Payer of its obligation to withhold tax, and the Payer shall apply the reduced rate of withholding, or dispense with the withholding, as the case may be. If, in accordance
 with the foregoing, the Payer withholds any amount, it shall make timely payment to the proper taxing authority of the withheld amount, and send to the Payee reasonable proof of such payment within [ ]. For the avoidance of doubt, Payee shall
 on request of Payer refund to Payer any amounts received from Payer or its Affiliates under this Agreement, which should have been deducted or withheld under Applicable Law, but which were not deducted or withheld in full or at all; and Payer
 shall, following receipt of such refund, carry out, unless already completed, the payment of the taxes to the proper Governmental Body.

Page 27 of 47 

5.10 Other Taxes . Each Party shall be responsible for any indirect tax (VAT, GST, sales tax and similar, collectively referred to as VAT 

or other taxes (including any income taxes) that are levied on such Party on account of services/payments under this Agreement according to Applicable Laws. For clarity, Licensor is responsible for all income-related taxes applicable to payments
 made by Company to Licensor under this Agreement. The Parties shall cooperate in any way reasonably requested, to obtain available reductions, credits or refunds of any VAT amount attributable to the supply under this agreement, if applicable.
 The Parties shall cooperate in any way reasonably requested to enable VAT compliant behavior including providing evidence for VAT purposes in accordance with applicable VAT law. In particular, Company shall provide to Licensor an applicable
 Exemption Certificate (currently New Jersey) every 3 years, which shall be accepted by the Licensor in good faith. For clarity, fees and expenses are considered exclusive of any VAT. The Parties shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts, where
 required, to avoid either Party or its Affiliates being subject to any VAT obligations outside its residence. If (a) a Party redomiciles to a new jurisdiction that is outside of its current residence and therefore becomes subject to new tax
 obligations (including, without limitation, VAT taxes), or (b) a Party assigns any rights or obligations under this Agreement to a person or entity that is domiciled in or redomiciles to a new jurisdiction outside its residence and therefore the
 Party becomes subject to new tax obligations (including, without limitation, VAT taxes), or (c) a Party or such assignee thereof otherwise becomes subject to tax obligations (including, without limitation, VAT taxes) in a jurisdiction outside its
 residence or new tax obligations (including, without limitation, VAT taxes) in its residence, whether through a change in Applicable Law or otherwise, then such Party (or assignee) that has re-domiciled or become subject to tax obligations
 outside its residence as described in clauses (a) through (c) shall be responsible for any such new tax obligations in accordance with Applicable Law and cooperate with the other Party, where appropriate and relevant.

ARTICLE 6 IP OWNERSHIP, INVENTIONS PATENT PROSECUTION AND MAINTENANCE

6.1 Intellectual Property Ownership .

a) Subject to the licenses granted in this Agreement, Licensor shall own or Control and retain all right, title and interest in the Licensor Technology and in any and all
 other Patent Rights, Know-How and other intellectual property rights that are (1) in existence and Controlled by Licensor as of the Effective Date or (2) developed by, for or on behalf of Licensor after the Effective Date other than in course of
 performance of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, such Patent Rights include Patent Rights filed during the Term that are based upon Licensed Know-How existing as of the Effective Date and are necessary or useful for the research,
 Development, manufacture, use or sale of Product. Subject to the licenses granted in this Agreement, Company shall own or Control and retain all right, title and interest in any and all other Patent Rights, Know-How and other intellectual
 property rights that are (1) in existence and Controlled by Company as of the Effective Date or (2) developed by, for or on behalf of Company after the Effective Date other than in course of performance of this Agreement.

b) All right, title and interest in any and all other Patent Rights, Know-How and intellectual property rights that are developed in the course of performance of this
 Agreement shall be owned (1) solely by Licensor, if developed solely by employees, agents or independent contractors of Licensor, or (2) solely by Company, if developed solely by employees, agents or independent contractors of Company (such
 Patent Rights, the Company Patents ), or (3) jointly and equally by both Parties, if developed jointly by employees, agents or independent contractors of both Parties. Determination of joint or sole 
 inventorship will be made in accordance with US patent laws.

Page 28 of 47 

6.2 Patent Prosecution and Maintenance of Company Patents.

a) Company shall have the right to file, prosecute and maintain the Patent Rights owned by Company pursuant to Section 6.1. Company shall bear all costs and expenses of
 filing, prosecuting, maintaining and defending or enforcing Licensor Patents and Company Patents in the Territory.

6.3 Patent Prosecution and Maintenance of Licensor Patents .

a) Responsibility and Costs. Licensor shall have the first right, and the obligation, to file, prosecute, maintain enforce or defend Licensor Patents. Licensor shall bear
 all costs and expenses of filing, prosecuting and maintaining Licensor Patents in the Territory. Licensor shall keep Company informed of the course of the filing and prosecution of Licensor Patents or related proceedings (e.g. interferences,
 oppositions, re-examinations, reissues, revocations or nullifications) in the Major Markets in a timely manner, and shall take into consideration the advice and recommendations of Company in that respect. At Licensor s request, Company will
 provide Licensor with reasonable assistance in prosecuting Licensor Patents to the extent possible, including providing such data in Company s control that is, in Licensor s reasonable judgment, needed to support the prosecution of a Licensor
 Patent; provided, however, that Licensor shall reimburse Company for Company s out-of-pocket expenses incurred in providing such assistance.

b) Election not to File and Prosecute Licensor Patents. If Licensor elects not to file, prosecute or maintain a Licensor Patent in a country or possession in the Territory,
 then it shall notify Company in writing at least [ ] before any deadline applicable to the filing, prosecution or maintenance of such Licensor Patent, as the case may be, or any other date by which an action must be taken to establish or
 preserve such Licensor Patent in such country or possession. In such case, by no later than [ ] before any deadline applicable to the filing, prosecution or maintenance of such Licensor Patent, or any other date by which an action must be
 taken to establish or preserve such Licensor Patent in such country or possession, Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to pursue the filing or support the continued prosecution or maintenance of such Licensor Patent. If Company
 does elect to take such action in a country in the Territory, then it shall notify Licensor of such election, and Licensor shall reasonably cooperate with Company in this regard. Company shall thereupon be responsible for the costs of
 prosecution, enforcement and maintenance.

c) Patent Term Extension / Unitary Patent Opt-out or Opt-in. Licensor shall be responsible for obtaining patent term extensions or any other possible extension (i.e., SPCs;
 pediatric extensions, etc.) wherever available for Licensor Patents. Company shall provide Licensor with all relevant information, documentation and assistance in this respect. Any such assistance, supply of information and consultation shall
 be provided promptly at Licensor s cost and expense and in a manner that will ensure that all patent term extensions for a Product are obtained wherever legally permissible, and to the maximum extent available. In the event that any election with
 respect to obtaining patent term extensions is to be made, Company shall have the right to make such elections, and Licensor shall abide by all such elections. With regard to European Patent Rights of Licensor Patents, Licensor shall have the
 exclusive right to decide whether to opt-in or opt-out of the EU Unitary Patent System. For the sake of clarity, to opt-in or opt-out refers to both (i) the right to have or not have a European Patent Right registered to have unitary effect
 within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 1257/2012 of December 17, 2012, as well as the Agreement on a Unified Patent Court as of February 19, 2013; and (ii) the right to opt-in or opt-out from the exclusive competence of the Unified Patent
 Court in accordance with Article 83(3) of that Agreement on a Unified Patent Court. 

Page 29 of 47 

6.4 Enforcement of Patent Rights .

a) Notice . If either Party believes that a Licensor Patent is being infringed by a Third Party or if a Third Party claims that any Licensor Patent is invalid or
 unenforceable, the Party possessing such knowledge or belief shall notify the other Party and provide it with details of such infringement or claim that are known by such Party.

b) Right to Bring an Action . Company shall have the first right, but not the obligation, to attempt to resolve such infringement or claim, including by filing an
 infringement suit, defending against such claim or taking other similar action (each, an Action and to compromise or settle such infringement or claim. If Company does not intend to prosecute or defend
 an Action, Company shall promptly inform Licensor and Licensor then shall have the right, but not the obligation, to attempt to resolve such infringement or claim, including by filing an Action and to compromise or settle any such infringement or
 claim. The Party initiating such Action shall have the sole and exclusive right to select counsel for any suit initiated by it pursuant to this Section 6.4. Each Party shall have the right to join an Action relating to a Licensor Patent, taken by
 the other Party at its own expense.

c) Costs of an Action . Subject to the respective indemnity obligations of the Parties set forth in ARTICLE 9, the Party taking an Action under Section 6.4b) shall pay all
 costs associated with such Action, other than (subject to Section 6.4e)) the expenses of the other Party if the other Party elects to join such Action.

d) Settlement . Neither Party shall settle or otherwise compromise any Action by admitting that any Licensor Patent is invalid or unenforceable without the other Party s
 prior written consent, and, in the case of Company, Company may not settle or otherwise compromise an Action in a way that adversely affects or would be reasonably expected to adversely affect Licensor s rights or benefits hereunder with respect
 to the Product, without Licensor s prior written consent. The settlement will be treated in accordance with the Applicable Laws of the country to which the settlement relates.

e) Reasonable Assistance . The Party not enforcing or defending Licensor Patents shall provide reasonable assistance to the other Party, including providing access to
 relevant documents and other evidence and making its employees available, subject to the other Party s reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the non-enforcing or non-defending Party in providing such assistance.

Page 30 of 47 

f) Distribution of Amounts Recovered . Any amounts recovered by the Party taking an Action pursuant to this Section 6.4, whether by settlement or judgment, shall be allocated
 in the following order: [ ].

6.5 Third Party Actions Claiming Infringement .

a) Notice . If a Party becomes aware of any claim or action by a Third Party against either Party that claims that the Product, or its use, Development, manufacture or
 Commercialization infringes such Third Party s intellectual property rights (each, a Third Party Action ), such Party shall promptly notify the other Party of all details regarding such claim or action
 that is reasonably available to such Party.

b) Right to Defend. Company shall have the right, at its sole expense, but not the obligation, to defend a Third Party Action through counsel of its choosing. If Company
 declines or fails to assert its intention to defend such Third Party Action within sixty (60) days of receipt/sending of notice under Section 6.5a), then Licensor shall have the right to defend such Third Party Action. The Party defending such
 Third Party Action shall have the sole and exclusive right to select counsel for such Third Party Action.

c) Consultation. The Party defending a Third Party Action pursuant to Section 6.5b) shall be the Controlling Party . The
 Controlling Party shall consult with the non-Controlling Party on all material aspects of the defense. The non-Controlling Party shall have a reasonable opportunity for meaningful participation in decision-making and formulation of defence
 strategy. The Parties shall reasonably cooperate with each other in all such actions or proceedings. The non-Controlling Party will be entitled to be represented by independent counsel of its own choice at its own expense.

d) Appeal . In the event that a judgment in a Third Party Action is entered against the Controlling Party and an appeal is available, the Controlling Party shall have the
 first right, but not the obligation, to file such appeal. In the event the Controlling Party does not desire to file such an appeal, it will promptly, in a reasonable time period (i.e., with sufficient time for the non-Controlling Party to take
 whatever action may be necessary) prior to the date on which such right to appeal will lapse or otherwise diminish, permit the non-Controlling Party to pursue such appeal at such non-Controlling Party s own cost and expense. If Applicable Laws
 require the other Party s involvement in an appeal, the other Party shall be a nominal party of the appeal and shall provide reasonable cooperation to such Party at such Party s expense.

e) Costs of an Action . Subject to the respective indemnity obligations of the Parties set forth in ARTICLE 9, the Controlling Party shall pay all costs associated with such
 Third Party Action other than the expenses of the other Party if the other Party elects to join such Action. Each Party shall have the right to join a Third Party Action defended by the other Party, at its own expense.

f) No Settlement Without Consent. No Controlling Party shall settle or otherwise compromise any Third Party Action by admitting that any Licensor Patent is invalid or
 unenforceable without the non-Controlling Party s prior written consent.

Page 31 of 47 

6.6 Biosimilar Litigation.

a) Company shall have the sole right to designate pursuant to Title 42 U.S. Code Section 262(l)(1)(B)(i) or Section 262(l)(7) of the Public Health Services Act PHSA the outside counsel and in-house counsel who will receive confidential access to any biosimilar product application and manufacturing process information of any biosimilar filer.

b) Company shall have the sole right to (1) list any one or more Licensor Patents, insofar as they claim or Cover the Product as required pursuant to Section 262(l)(3)(A) or
 Section 262(l)(5)(B)(i)(II) of the PHSA, (2) respond to any communications with respect to such lists from the biosimilar filer, and (3) negotiate with the biosimilar filer as to whether to utilize a mechanism for information exchange other than
 that specified in Section 262(l)(1) of the PHSA and as to such Patent Rights that will be subject to the initial litigation procedure as described in Section 262(l)(4) of the PHSA, to decide which such Patent Rights shall be selected for initial
 litigation under Section 262(l)(4)(A) or Section 262(l)(5)(B)(i)(II) of the PHSA. Company shall be responsible to comply with the Biological Product Patent Transparency provisions under Section 325 of Division BB of the Consolidate
 Appropriations Act of December 27, 2020.

c) Company shall have the sole right to identify one or more Licensor Patents or respond to relevant communications under any equivalent or similar listing to those
 described in the preceding Section 6.6.b) in any jurisdiction outside the US.

d) Company shall consult with Licensor prior to identifying any one or more Licensor Patents to any biosimilar filer as contemplated by this Section 6.6. Company shall
 consider in good faith advice and suggestions with respect thereto received from Licensor, and notify Licensor of any such lists or communications promptly after they are made, in each case to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws.

e) Without limitation to the foregoing Sections 6.6.a) 6.6.d), if a Party receives a notice of commercial marketing from any biosimilar filer pursuant to Section 262(l)(8)
 of the PHSA, or any equivalent or similar certification or notice in any other country, such Party shall, within thirty (30) days of receiving such notice, notify the other Party and provide the other Party with copies thereof. Thereafter,
 Company shall have the first right to seek a preliminary injunction action under Section 262(l)(8)(B) of the PHSA or a declaratory judgment action pursuant to Section 262(l)(9) of the PHSA.

ARTICLE 7 CONFIDENTIALITY

7.1 Confidentiality Obligations. Each Party agrees that, for the Term and for ten (10) years thereafter, such Party shall, and shall ensure that its and its Affiliates and
 Sublicensees officers, directors, employees and agents keep completely confidential and not publish or otherwise disclose and not use for any purpose except as expressly permitted hereunder any Confidential Information disclosed to it by the
 other Party pursuant to this Agreement.

7.2 Exceptions. The foregoing obligations of confidentiality set forth in Section 7.1 shall not apply to any Confidential Information disclosed by a Party hereunder to the
 extent that the receiving Party can demonstrate that such Confidential Information:

Page 32 of 47 

a) was already known to the receiving Party or its Affiliates, other than under an obligation of confidentiality, at the time of disclosure;

b) was generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain at the time of its disclosure to the receiving Party;

c) became generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain after its disclosure and other than through any act or omission of the receiving Party in
 breach of this Agreement;

d) was subsequently lawfully disclosed to the receiving Party or its Affiliates by a Third Party without an obligation of confidentiality other than in contravention of a
 confidentiality obligation of such Third Party to the disclosing Party; or

e) was developed or discovered by employees or agents of the receiving Party or its Affiliates who had no access to the Confidential Information of the disclosing Party.

7.3 Use. Notwithstanding the above obligations of confidentiality and non-use, a Party may disclose information to the extent that such disclosure is reasonably necessary in
 connection with or for the purpose of performing its obligations, or exercising its rights, under this Agreement, including for purposes of:

a) filing or prosecuting patent applications, subject to the terms of Section 6.2 or Section 6.3;

b) prosecuting or defending litigation;

c) conducting pre-clinical studies or Clinical Trials with the Compound or Product;

d) seeking Regulatory Approval of the Product;

e) complying with Applicable Laws, including securities law and the rules of any securities exchange or market on which a Party s or a Party s Affiliate s securities are
 listed or traded; or

f) with respect to Licensor, to give notices to, or communicate with, Initial Licensor under the Initial License Agreement.

The confidentiality obligations that arise out of Section 7.1 shall not apply to the extent that the receiving Party shall be required, by Applicable Laws and/or by order or regulation of a governmental agency or
 court of competent jurisdiction, and as evidenced by the receiving Party's written records, to disclose the Confidential Information received from the disclosing Party, or any part(s) thereof, to said governmental agency or court of competent
 jurisdiction; provided that the receiving Party will provide the disclosing Party with prompt notice of such request(s) so that the disclosing Party may seek an appropriate protective order and/or waive the receiving Party's compliance with the
 provisions of this Agreement. In addition, in connection with any permitted filing by either Party of this Agreement with any Governmental Body, including the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the filing Party shall endeavour to obtain
 confidential treatment of economic, trade secret information and such other information as may be requested by the other Party, and shall provide the other Party with the proposed confidential treatment request with reasonable time for such other
 Party to provide comments, and shall include in such confidential treatment request all reasonable comments of the other Party. The disclosing Party shall, where reasonably practicable, give such advance notice to the other Party of such
 disclosure requirement as is reasonable under the circumstances and will use its reasonable efforts to cooperate with the other Party in order to secure confidential treatment of such Confidential Information required to be disclosed.

Page 33 of 47 

7.4 Publications . Without prejudice to Section 2.3, Licensor shall not publish any information relating to the Compound or a Product, or disclose any Licensor Technology
 specifically related to the Compound or Products, to any Third Party, without the prior written consent of Company (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld), unless such information has already been publicly disclosed either prior to the
 Effective Date or after the Effective Date through no fault of Licensor or otherwise not in violation of this Agreement. Company shall have the right to make such publications or disclosures as it chooses, in its sole discretion, without the
 approval of Licensor; provided, however, that such publications or disclosures do not contain information relating to other proprietary compounds or products of Licensor or other Confidential Information of Licensor, in which case Company shall
 seek prior written approval for such publication from Licensor.

7.5 Press Releases and Disclosure .

a) Each Party may issue a press release with respect to this Agreement in a form agreed by the Parties and as set forth in Schedule 7.5a). Licensor shall be permitted to
 inform the [ ] and the [ ] of this Agreement having come into effect after Company has issued the press release.

b) Licensor may not make any subsequent press release or public announcements regarding this Agreement without the prior written consent of Company unless the Licensor
 believes it is required to issue a press release or make another public announcement to comply with Applicable Laws as a publicly-traded company.

c) Company may make any subsequent press release or public announcements regarding this Agreement or any matter covered by this Agreement, without the approval of Licensor,
 provided that such subsequent press release or public announcement does not make use of Licensor trademarks or Licensor s Confidential Information and that Company shall make such press release available to Licensor no less than fourteen (14)
 days prior to its issuance.

ARTICLE 8 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

8.1 Joint Representations and Warranties . Each of the Parties represents and warrants to the other Party that:

a) It has the full power, authority and right to enter into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, and
 all requisite corporate action has been taken to authorize each Party s execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement;

Page 34 of 47 

b) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by it does not breach, violate, contravene or constitute a default under any contract, arrangement or commitment
 to which such Party is a party or by which it is bound, or violate any statute, law or regulation or any court or Governmental Body having jurisdiction such Party;

c) Such party has not, nor any of such Party s Affiliates have entered or will enter, directly or indirectly, into any contract or any other transaction with any Third Party
 that conflicts or derogates from its undertakings under this Agreement; and

d) All consents, approvals and authorizations from all Governmental Bodies or other Third Parties required to be obtained by such Party in connection with the execution,
 delivery and performance of this Agreement have been obtained.

8.2 Licensor Representations, Warranties and Covenants .

a) Licensor represents and warrants to Company as of the Effective Date that:

i. Licensor has all right, title and interest in and to the Licensor Technology, and Licensor has not previously licensed, assigned, transferred, or otherwise conveyed any
 right, title or interest in and to the Licensor Technology to any Third Party, including any rights to any Product, and the Licensor Technology is free and clear of any liens, charges, encumbrances or rights of others to possession or use;

ii. No claims have been asserted, or, to Licensor s knowledge, threatened by any Third Party, nor are there, to Licensor s knowledge, any valid grounds for any claim of any
 such kind challenging the validity, effectiveness, or ownership of Licensor Technology;

iii. [ ] own or control any Patent Right or Know-How that is necessary to Develop, manufacture or Commercialize the Compound or a Product in the Field in the Territory,
 and that covers technology that is not commercially available;

iv. Licensor has the exclusive right to exploit the technology under the Initial License Agreement to make and use Licensor Technology and is not knowingly in breach of the
 Initial License Agreement;

v. Schedule 1.34 sets forth a true, complete and correct list of all Patent Rights under Licensor Patents;

vi. The Initial License Agreement disclosed to Company through the virtual data room hosted by Intralinks is, subject to the redactions therein, a true, complete and
 accurate copy of the Initial License Agreement as amended through the Effective Date; and

vii. [ ], Licensor has not granted to any Third Party a right of reference or use with respect to IND #1311384.

Page 35 of 47 

b) EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES TO TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, TO FREEDOM TO
 OPERATE, OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS OF COMPOUND OR PRODUCT OR LICENSOR TECHNOLOGY FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

8.3 Company Representations, Warranties and Covenants.

a) Company represents, warrants and covenants to Licensor that:

i. As of the Effective Date, all declarations made, directly or indirectly, by Company to Licensor related to Company s qualifications, ability and competence to Develop and
 Commercialize the Product in the Territory are true and correct; in particular, Company has secured availability of funds sufficient to perform its Development and Commercialization obligations hereunder;

ii. As of the Effective Date and at any time during the Term, Company (1) shall have and maintain facilities, personnel, experience and expertise sufficient in quality and
 quantity to perform its obligations hereunder, (2) shall perform its obligations hereunder with reasonable due care and in conformity with current generally accepted industry standards and procedures, shall procure that its management establishes
 and maintains appropriate quality assurance, quality controls and review procedures to secure good standard performance of its obligations hereunder, and shall procure that it will be able to service all sale channels for the sale of a Product in
 the Territory;

iii. As of the Effective Date and at any time during the Term, Company shall implement sufficient security systems and intellectual property protection guidelines within its
 organization which are equivalent to international industry standards and qualified to avoid any unauthorized disclosure of intellectual property rights, including Know-How, to any Third Party;

iv. As of the Effective Date and at any time during the Term, Company will procure that all data related to human samples and other personal data obtained in course of the
 research, Development, manufacturing or Commercialization of a Compound or a Product will be obtained, processed and stored in compliance with all Applicable Laws, in particular with Data Protection Law, and in accordance with all medical,
 administrative and ethical aspects related to the collection, procession and storage of human samples, related data and other personal data in research activities. In particular, the signature of the informed consent from the donor will be
 obtained, the confidentiality and anonymization of the human samples will be procured and the personnel involved in such activities will be authorized and will have the capacity to perform such activities and Company; and

v. As of the Effective Date and at any time during the Term, Company will comply, and will cause its Affiliates and Sublicensees to comply, with all Applicable Laws for the
 care, welfare and ethical treatment of animals in the country where an animal study is being performed in the course of the research or Development of Compound or Product under this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, in order to ensure
 proper treatment and use of animals, Company and any of its Affiliates conducting an animal study shall, and shall procure that any of its subcontractors and Sublicensees will, (1) adhere to the 3Rs of animal studies reduction, refinement and
 replacement; (2) offer appropriate housing and husbandry conditions in the care and use of animals; and (3) ensure that all animal studies have been approved by an institutional ethical review panel.

Page 36 of 47 

b) Notwithstanding the representations and warranties set forth in this ARTICLE 8, Company acknowledges and accepts the risks inherent in attempting to Develop and
 Commercialize any pharmaceutical product including the Product.

ARTICLE 9 INDEMNIFICATION, INSURANCE AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

9.1 Indemnification by Licensor . Licensor shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Company, its Affiliates, directors, employees and agents (the Company Indemnitees from and against any and all liability, damage, loss, cost or expense (including reasonable attorney s fees and expenses of litigation) (each, a Claim arising or
 resulting from any claims made or suits brought by Third Parties to the extent such Claims arise or result from (i) the breach of any of the obligations, covenants, warranties, or representations made by Licensor to Company under this Agreement;
 (ii) actions by or on behalf of Licensor, its Affiliates, and their respective employees, agents and subcontractors, in connection with the Development, manufacture or Commercialization of the Products prior to the Effective Date; or (iii) the
 negligence or willful misconduct of Licensor or any of its Affiliates in connection with the performance of Licensor s obligations or exercise of Licensor s rights under this Agreement; for each (i)-(iii) provided, however, that Licensor shall
 not be obliged to so indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company Indemnitees for any Claims for which Company has an obligation to indemnify Licensor Indemnitees pursuant to Section 9.2 or to the extent that such Claims arise from the breach,
 negligence or willful misconduct of Company or the Company Indemnitee.

9.2 Indemnification by Company. Company shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Licensor, its Affiliates, directors, employees and agents (the Licensor Indemnitees from and against any Claims arising or resulting from any claims made or suits brought by Third Parties to the extent such Claims arise or result from (i) the breach of any of the obligations, covenants,
 warranties, or representations made by Company to Licensor under this Agreement; (ii) actions by or on behalf of Company, its Affiliates, and their respective employees, agents and subcontractors, in connection with the Development, manufacture
 or Commercialization of a Product; (iii) the negligence or willful misconduct of Company or any of its Affiliates in connection with the performance of Company s obligations or exercise of Company s rights under this Agreement; or (iv) any
 infringement of Patent Rights of any Third Party by Company, its Affiliates or its Sublicensees with respect to any research, Development or Commercialization on any Product anywhere in the world or with respect to any other activity performed
 under this Agreement; for each (i)-(iv) provided, however, that Company shall not be obliged to so indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Licensor Indemnitees for any Claims for which Licensor has an obligation to indemnify Company Indemnitees
 pursuant to Section 9.1 or to the extent that such Claims arise from the breach, negligence or willful misconduct of Licensor or the Licensor Indemnitee.

Page 37 of 47 

9.3 Procedure . A Party seeking indemnification under this ARTICLE 9 Indemnified Party shall give prompt written notification to
 the other Party Indemnifying Party of the Claim for which indemnification may be sought (it being understood and agreed, however, that the failure by a Party to give notice of such Claim as provided in
 this Section 9.3 shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification obligation under this Agreement except and only to the extent that such Indemnifying Party is actually prejudiced as a result of such failure to give notice). Within
 ninety (90) days after delivery of such notification, the Indemnifying Party may, upon written notice thereof to the other Party, assume control of the defense of such Claim with counsel reasonably acceptable to the Indemnified Party. If the
 Indemnifying Party does not assume control of such defense, the Indemnified Party shall control such defense and, without limiting the Indemnifying Party s indemnification obligations, the Indemnifying Party shall reimburse the Indemnified Party
 for all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees and disbursements, incurred by the Indemnified Party in defending itself within sixty (60) days after receipt of any invoice therefor from the Indemnified Party. The Party not
 controlling such defense may participate therein at its own expense; provided that, if the Indemnifying Party assumes control of such defense and the Indemnified Party in good faith concludes, based on written advice from outside counsel, that
 the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party have conflicting interests with respect to such Claim sufficiently adverse to make unadvisable the representation by the same counsel of both Parties under Applicable Laws, ethical rules or
 equitable principles, the Indemnifying Party shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of a single counsel to the Indemnified Party in connection therewith. The Party controlling such defense shall keep the other Party advised of
 the status of such Claim and the defense thereof and shall consider recommendations made by the other Party with respect thereto. The Indemnifying Party shall not agree to any settlement of such Claim or consent to any judgment in respect thereof
 that does not include a complete and unconditional release of the Indemnified Party from all liability with respect thereto, that imposes any liability or obligation on the Indemnified Party or that acknowledges fault by the Indemnified Party,
 without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party.

9.4 Insurance . Each Party shall maintain, at its cost, insurance against liability and other risks associated with its activities and obligations under this Agreement, in
 such amounts and on such terms as are customary for a company such as the respective Party for the activities to be conducted by it under this Agreement. Each Party shall furnish to the other Party evidence of such insurance upon request. It is
 understood that such insurance shall not be construed to create a limit of either Party s liability with respect to its indemnification obligations under this ARTICLE 9.

9.5 Limitation of Liability . EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO EACH PARTY S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 9.1 OR SECTION 9.2, AS APPLICABLE, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY
 OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR
 OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREIN OR ANY BREACH HEREOF. EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO LICENSOR S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 9.1, IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR OR ITS AFFILIATES BE
 LIABLE TO COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES FOR ANY AMOUNTS EXCEEDING A TOTAL AMOUNT OF TEN MILLION US DOLLARS (10,000,000 USD). NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL LIMIT EITHER PARTY FROM SEEKING OR OBTAINING ANY REMEDY
 AVAILABLE UNDER LAW FOR ANY BREACH OF BY THE OTHER PARTY OF ITS CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON-USE OBLIGATIONS UNDER ARTICLE 7.

Page 38 of 47 

ARTICLE 10 TERM AND TERMINATION

10.1 Term of Agreement . The term of this Agreement (the Term shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated
 as provided in Section 11.2 and this ARTICLE 10, shall continue in full force and effect, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis, until the date on which the Royalty Term in such country with respect to such Product expires.
 Following the expiration of the Royalty Term on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis, Company s licenses under Section 2.1 with respect to such Product shall continue in effect, but become fully paid-up, royalty-free, non-exclusive,
 transferable, perpetual and irrevocable.

10.2 Termination by Company for Convenience. At any time after Company having paid the Upfront Cash Payment and issued the Upfront Consideration Shares to Licensor
 according to Section 5.1, Company may terminate this Agreement in its entirety, at its sole discretion, by providing ninety (90) days written notice of termination to Licensor.

10.3 Termination for Non-Payment . If Company has not paid the Upfront Cash Payment or has not issued all of the Upfront Consideration Shares to Licensor according to, and
 within the timelines set forth in, Section 5.1, Licensor shall have the right to terminate this Agreement with immediate effect upon written notice to Company.

10.4 Termination for Breach and Other Causes .

a) Termination for Material Breach . Either Party may terminate this Agreement with ninety (90) days prior written notice to the other Party, if the other Party breaches any
 material provision of this Agreement, unless the other Party cures such breach within the period of such notice, which notice shall specify the nature of such breach in reasonable detail.

b) Breach of Initial License Agreement . If Initial Licensor alleges a breach of Licensor of the Initial License Agreement based on the material breach by Company of its
 obligations under this Agreement, Licensor shall inform Company of such allegation in writing. The Parties shall work together to cure such material breach in accordance with the Initial License Agreement. If, following such efforts, the Parties
 are unable to cure a material breach of the Initial License Agreement due to the Company s uncured material breach of this Agreement, and the Initial Licensor terminates the Initial License Agreement as a result, Company will be deemed to be in
 non-curable breach of this Agreement and Licensor shall have the right to terminate this Agreement with immediate effect.

10.5 No Termination on Bankruptcy . To the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, all rights and licenses granted pursuant to this Agreement by a Party to the other Party shall
 not be terminated on the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Party or its Affiliates, and each Party hereby claims the benefit of any Applicable Laws which may enable it to prevent such termination.

Page 39 of 47 

10.6 No Challenge. In the event that Company or any of its Affiliates or Sublicensees, anywhere in the world, institutes, prosecutes or otherwise participates in (or in any
 way aids any Third Party in instituting, prosecuting or participating in), at law or in equity or before any administrative or regulatory body, including the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or its foreign counterparts, any claim, demand, action
 or cause of action for declaratory relief, damages or any other remedy, or for an enjoinment, injunction or any other equitable remedy, including any interference, re-examination, opposition or any similar proceeding, alleging that any claim in a
 Licensor Patent is invalid, unenforceable or otherwise not patentable, except in the case where asserted as a defense or counterclaim to an action brought by Licensor against Company or any of its Affiliates or Sublicensees, Licensor shall have
 the right to terminate with immediate effect (i) this Agreement, or, in its sole discretion, (ii) the license granted to Company or Sublicensee under such challenged Licensor Patent, on a patent-by-patent basis, upon written notice to Company
 and, as the case may be, Sublicensee.

10.7 Effects of Termination or Expiration .

a) Accrued Rights and Obligations . Termination or expiration of this Agreement shall not release either Party from its obligations accrued prior to the effective date of
 termination or expiration nor deprive either Party from any rights that this Agreement has conferred on such Party. Such obligations and rights shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement. Termination of this Agreement by either
 Party shall be in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedies available to such Party, at law and in equity.

b) Surviving Terms . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the following provisions shall expressly survive any expiration or termination of this
 Agreement in accordance with their terms: ARTICLE 1 (Definitions), ARTICLE 7 (Confidentiality Obligations), ARTICLE 9 (Indemnification, Insurance and Limitation of Liability), ARTICLE 12 and ARTICLE 13 (Miscellaneous) and Sections 3.2a) (with
 respect to the ownership of new regulatory filings and Regulatory Approvals), 4.5, 5.1d), 5.6 and 5.8 (solely with respect to payment obligations arising prior to expiration or termination), 5.9, 5.10, 6.1, 8.2b), 10.7 and 11.1.

c) Consequences of Termination by Company pursuant to Section 10.2 or 10.4. or by Licensor pursuant to Sections 10.3, 10.4 or 10.6. Upon any termination of this Agreement by
 Company pursuant to Section 10.2 or 10.4 or by Licensor pursuant to Section 10.3, 10.4, or 10.6 in whole,

i. all licenses granted by Licensor to Company under Section 2.1 shall terminate except as necessary to permit Company to conduct the activities contemplated by this Section
 10.7;

ii. Company shall promptly wind down, in accordance with Applicable Law and at Company s cost, all Clinical Trials that are ongoing as at the time such termination becomes
 effective;

iii. Company shall at Company s cost return to Licensor (or at Licensor s request, destroy) all relevant records and materials in its possession or control containing or
 comprising the Licensor Know-How or such other Confidential Information of Licensor;

iv. Company shall, at Licensor s option, transfer to Licensor free of charge any and all chemical, biological or physical materials relating to or comprising Products,
 including clinical supplies of Products, that are Controlled by Company;

Page 40 of 47 

v. Company, its Affiliates or its Sublicensees shall cease all Commercialization of Products in the Territory promptly and in accordance with Applicable Laws, provided,
 however, that Company, its Affiliates or its Sublicensees shall be entitled, during the twelve (12) months period following such termination, to sell any commercial inventory of Products which remains on hand as of the date of the termination,
 so long as Company pays to Licensor the royalties and, if applicable, sales milestones and Sublicense Fees applicable to said subsequent sales in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Any commercial inventory
 remaining following such twelve (12) months period shall be offered for sale to Licensor, at a price to be mutually agreed upon between the Parties in good faith; and

vi. Company shall reasonably cooperate with Licensor and its designees to facilitate an orderly and prompt transition of the Development and Commercialization activities
 with respect to the Products and shall provide all transitions services reasonably requested by Licensor for this purpose.

d) Consequences of Termination in Part . Upon any termination of this Agreement by Licensor pursuant to Section 10.4 not in whole, but in part with view to one or more
 Products or Indications or one or more countries of the Territory, Section 10.7c) shall apply accordingly, but solely with view to the terminated Product or Indication or, as the case may be, the terminated country.

e) Sublicensees . Subject to Licensor s prior written approval upon review of a given Sublicense between Company and a Sublicensee, upon any termination of this Agreement, a
 Sublicensee shall continue to have the rights and license set forth in its sublicense agreement, which agreements shall be automatically assigned to Licensor, provided, however, that such Sublicensee is not then in breach of any of its material
 obligations under its sublicense agreement and provided further that the terms of the Sublicense are at least as favorable as the ones herein.

ARTICLE 11 DATA PRIVACY AND COMPLIANCE

11.1 Data Privacy Laws .

a) Each Party acknowledges that in the context of this Agreement and its implementation it may have access to certain Personal Data. Each Party will comply fully with all
 Applicable Laws and regulations relating to any information concerning an identified or identifiable natural person Personal Data which is shared between the Parties for the purpose of this Agreement.
 The Parties will protect Personal Data and will not use, disclose, transfer or otherwise process such Personal Data except as necessary under this Agreement, or as authorized by the data subject or in accordance with Applicable Laws. The Parties
 further agree not to undertake any processing activities of any other Personal Data for or on behalf of the other Party under this Agreement.

b) Party outside EEA . If a Party has its registered office outside the EU/EEA in a country not providing an adequate data protection level recognized by the European
 Commission, the Parties shall take the necessary steps to ensure that any transfer of Personal Data is conducted according to applicable Data Protection Laws and the Personal Data will be sufficiently protected in accordance with applicable Data
 Protection Laws, in particular with the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation), including by entering into Data Privacy Agreements according to Section 11.1c) below.

Page 41 of 47 

c) Data Privacy Agreements . The Parties shall (i) discuss and determine their respective roles, if any, for further processing Personal Data and (ii) execute any ancillary
 agreements as may be required pursuant to applicable Data Protection Laws (including, for example, standard contractual clauses pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation for the transfer of data). For clarity, upon execution of the data
 privacy agreement, the executed version shall become part of this Agreement.

11.2 Business Conduct. Licensor intends to conduct its business in accordance with environmental, labor and social standards and to abide by the standards set forth in the
 Licensor Code of Conduct and the Licensor Human Rights Charter (available at http://www.merckgroup.com). Company shall comply, and shall ensure that its Affiliates, Sublicensees or subcontractors comply, with reasonably comparable environmental,
 labor and social standards. Company shall ensure its and its Affiliates and Sublicensees compliance with the provisions of the OECD Anti Bribery Convention, the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and any other applicable
 local anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, as are in force from time to time (jointly Anti-Bribery Laws ). Thereby, Company agrees (a) to adopt all necessary measures to prevent violation of the
 Anti-Bribery Laws; (b) not to offer, pay, give, or promise to pay or give, directly or indirectly, any payment or gift of any money or thing of value to (i) any government official to influence any acts or decisions of such official or to induce
 such official to use his influence with any government to effect or influence the decision of such government in order to assist it in its performance of its obligations under this Agreement; (ii) any political party or candidate for public
 office for such purpose; or (iii) any person if such Party knows or has reason to know that such money or thing of value will be offered, promised, paid, or given, directly or indirectly, to any official, political party, or candidate for such
 purpose. In addition to any other rights Licensor may have under this Agreement, if Company notifies Licensor of, or if Licensor otherwise has a reasonable suspicion of, the occurrence of any violation by Company, its Affiliates or its
 Sublicensees of any Anti-Bribery Laws, any environmental, labor and social standards or the Licensor Code of Conduct and the Licensor Human Rights Charter (collectively, Improper Conduct ), Licensor may
 inspect or have inspected by an independent auditor the premises, books and records of Company relevant to Improper Conduct for the purpose of ensuring compliance by Company of its obligations under this Section 11.2. Company shall promptly
 notify Licensor in writing of such events. Should Licensor gain sufficient evidence that Company or its Affiliates or its Sublicensees are in breach of the foregoing, Licensor may terminate this Agreement immediately by written notice to Company.

ARTICLE 12 DISPUTE RESOLUTION

12.1 Disputes . The Parties recognize that disputes may arise from time to time during the Term which relate to either Party s rights or obligations hereunder. It is the
 objective of the Parties to establish under this ARTICLE 12 procedures to facilitate the resolution of disputes arising under or in connection with this Agreement in an expedient manner by mutual cooperation and without resort to litigation. In
 the event that the Parties are unable to resolve such dispute through diligent review and deliberation by the Senior Managers within thirty (30) days from the day that one Party had designated the issue as a dispute in written notice to the other
 Party, then either Party shall have the right to escalate such matter to the Executive Officers as set forth in Section 12.2.

Page 42 of 47 

12.2 Escalation to Executive Officers . Either Party may, by written notice to the other Party, request that a dispute that remains unresolved by the Senior Managers for a
 period of thirty (30) days as set forth in Section 12.1, or a dispute relating to material breach, be resolved by the Executive Officers, within fifteen (15) days after referral of such dispute to them. If the Executive Officers cannot resolve
 such dispute within fifteen (15) days after referral of such dispute to them, then, at any time after such fifteen (15) day period, either Party may seek final settlement of the dispute in arbitration proceedings as set forth in Section 12.3
 below.

12.3 Arbitration Proceedings, Venue . Any dispute that cannot be resolved amicably as set forth above shall be finally settled in arbitration pursuant to the Rules of
 Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce ICC by three (3) arbitrators. Each Party shall designate one arbitrator. The third arbitrator shall be designated by the two arbitrators designated
 by the Parties. The place of arbitration shall be New York, NY, USA. The arbitration shall be conducted in the English language. The award of arbitration shall be final and binding upon both Parties.

12.4 Injunctive Relief . Except as otherwise specifically set forth in any provision of this Agreement, no provision herein shall be construed as precluding a Party from
 bringing an action for injunctive relief or other equitable relief prior to the initiation or completion of the above procedure.

ARTICLE 13 MISCELLANEOUS

13.1 Relationship of the Parties . Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to constitute a partnership, agency, joint venture or employer-employee
 relationship between the Parties.

13.2 Assignment.

a) Except as expressly provided herein, neither this Agreement nor any interest hereunder shall be assignable, nor any other obligation delegable, by Company without the
 prior written consent of Licensor (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company may assign this Agreement in whole without the consent of Licensor to (i) any Affiliate or (ii) a successor to substantially
 all of the business of the assigning Party to which this Agreement relates, in connection with any merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or other similar transaction.

b) Licensor may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any Affiliate or Third Party without the consent of Company. Licensor shall give written notice to Company
 promptly following any such assignment.

c) No assignment under this Section 13.2 shall relieve Company of any of its responsibilities or obligations hereunder and provided, further, that as a condition of such
 assignment, the assignee shall agree to be bound by all obligations of the assigning Party hereunder.

Page 43 of 47 

d) This Agreement shall be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Parties.

e) Any assignment not in accordance with this Section 13.2 shall be void.

13.3 Performance and Exercise by Affiliates. Each Party shall have the right to have any of its obligations hereunder performed, or its rights hereunder exercised, by any
 of its Affiliates and the performance of such obligations by any such Affiliate shall be deemed to be performance by such Party; provided, however, that such Party shall be responsible for ensuring the performance of its obligations under this
 Agreement and that any failure of any Affiliate performing obligations of such Party hereunder shall be deemed to be a failure by such Party to perform such obligations. For clarity, the foregoing means that each Party may designate an Affiliate
 to perform its obligations hereunder or to be the recipient of the other Party s performance obligations hereunder.

13.4 Further Actions . Each Party agrees to execute, acknowledge and deliver such further instruments and to do all such other acts as may be necessary or appropriate in
 order to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement.

13.5 Accounting Procedures. Each Party shall calculate all amounts, and perform other accounting procedures required, under this Agreement and applicable to it in accordance
 with, as applicable (a) GAAP, or (b) IFRS, depending on which accounting standard is normally applied by such Party with respect to its reporting.

13.6 Force Majeure . Neither Party shall be liable to the other for failure or delay in the performance of any of its obligations under this Agreement for the time and to the
 extent such failure or delay is caused by acts of God, earthquake, riot, civil commotion, terrorism, war, strikes or other labor disputes, fire, flood, failure or delay of transportation, default by suppliers or unavailability of raw materials,
 governmental acts or restrictions or any other reason which is beyond the control of the respective Party. The Party affected by force majeure shall provide the other Party with full particulars thereof as soon as it becomes aware of the same
 (including its best estimate of the likely extent and duration of the interference with its activities), and will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to overcome the difficulties created thereby and to resume performance of its obligations
 hereunder as soon as practicable. The Parties agree and acknowledge that any event related to the COVID-19 pandemic that was existent and publicly known as of the Effective Date shall not be considered as a force majeure event in this Agreement,
 provided however that any new events related to the COVID-19 pandemic, including but not limited to the occurrence of a variant, may be considered as a force majeure event, if such new events have a significant impact which makes it materially
 impossible for a Party to fulfil an obligation under this Agreement.

13.7 No Implied License; No Trademark Rights . No right or license is granted to Company hereunder by implication, estoppel, or otherwise to any Know-How, Patent Right or
 other intellectual property right Controlled by Licensor or its Affiliates. In particular, as non-limiting examples, no rights whatsoever are being granted under this Agreement to Licensor s proprietary compounds known as bintrafusp alfa and
 avelumab. No right, express or implied, is granted by this Agreement to a Party to use in any manner the name or any other trade name or trademark of the other Party in connection with the performance of this Agreement or otherwise.

Page 44 of 47 

13.8 Entire Agreement; Amendments . This Agreement constitutes and contains the entire understanding and agreement of the Parties respecting the subject matter hereof and
 cancels and supersedes any and all prior negotiations, correspondence, understandings and agreements between the Parties, whether oral or written, regarding such subject matter. No waiver, modification or amendment of any provision of this
 Agreement shall be valid or effective unless made in a writing referencing this Agreement and signed by a duly authorized officer of each Party.

13.9 Governing Law; Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, excluding the United Nations
 Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) and the application of any conflict of laws principles that would require application of the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the State of New York.

13.10 Notices and Deliveries . Any notice, request, approval or consent required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
 been sufficiently given if delivered in person or transmitted by express courier service (signature required) or by email to the Party to which it is directed at its address or email address shown below or such other address or email address as
 such Party shall have last given by notice to the other Party. Any notice sent by email in accordance with this Section 13.10 shall be deemed to have been duly given when sent, provided that (i) a read receipt from each of the notice recipients
 has been received by the sender, and (ii) a copy of the notice is sent by overnight courier to the postal address of the relevant Party set forth below on the same day on which the email is being sent, and provided further that if the sender of
 the email does not receive a read receipt from each of the notice recipients or receives an automated response from the recipient or a mail server indicating that the recipient is out of office or that the email could not be delivered, such
 notice shall be deemed delivered on the third day deposited with the overnight courier for delivery to the relevant Party s postal address set forth below. This Section 13.10 is not intended to govern the day-to-day business communications
 necessary between the Parties in performing their obligations under the terms of this Agreement.

Notices to Licensor shall be addressed to:

Merck KGaA

 Frankfurter Stra e 250

 64293 Darmstadt

 Germany

 Attention: Alliance Management

 Email: [ ]

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

Merck KGaA

 Frankfurter Stra e 250

 64293 Darmstadt

 Germany

 Attention: Legal Department / LE-H

 Email: [ ]

Page 45 of 47 

Notices to Company shall be addressed to:

PDS Biotechnology Corporation

 25B Vreeland Road, Suite 300

 Florham Park, New Jersey 07932

 USA

 Attention: Chief Financial Officer

 Email: [ ]; with a copy to each of [ ] and [ ]

With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:

DLA Piper LLP (US)

 1650 Market Street, Suite 5000

 Philadelphia, PA 19103

 Attention: Fahd M.T. Riaz

 Email: Fahd.Riaz@us.dlapiper.com

13.11 Language . This Agreement shall be written and executed in, and all other communications under or in connection with this Agreement shall be in, the English language.
 Any translation into any other language shall not be an official version thereof, and in the event of any conflict in interpretation between the English version and such translation, the English version shall control.

13.12 Waiver . A waiver by either Party of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement in any instance shall not be deemed or construed to be a waiver of such term or
 condition for the future, or of any other term or condition hereof. All rights, remedies, undertakings, obligations and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be cumulative and none of them shall be in limitation of any other remedy,
 right, undertaking, obligation or agreement of either Party.

13.13 Severability . When possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under Applicable Laws, but if any
 provision of this Agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalid under Applicable Laws, such provision will be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement. The Parties
 shall make a good faith effort to replace the invalid or unenforceable provision with a valid one which in its economic effect is most consistent with the invalid or unenforceable provision.

13.14 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, and all of which together will be deemed to be one and the same
 instrument. A facsimile or a portable document format (PDF) copy of this Agreement, including the signature pages with signatures (in form of handwritten, non-certified electronic or certified electronic signatures), will be deemed an original.

Page 46 of 47 

13.15 Headings; Construction; Interpretation. Headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not in any way affect the construction of or be taken into
 consideration in interpreting this Agreement. The Parties each acknowledge that they have had the advice of counsel with respect to this Agreement, that this Agreement has been jointly drafted, and that no rule of strict construction will be
 applied in the interpretation hereof. Any reference in this Agreement to an Article, Section, subsection, paragraph, clause, Schedule or Exhibit shall be deemed to be a reference to any Article, Section, subsection, paragraph, clause, Schedule or
 Exhibit, of or to, as the case may be, this Agreement. All Schedules and Exhibits to this Agreement shall form an integral part of this Agreement. Except where the context otherwise requires, (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement,
 instrument or other document refers to such agreement, instrument other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or
 therein), (b) any reference to any Applicable Laws refers to such Applicable Laws as from time to time enacted, repealed or amended, (c) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, refer to this Agreement in its
 entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) the words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase but not limited to , without limitation or words of similar import, (e) the word or is used
 in the inclusive sense (and/or), unless otherwise indicated by the term either/or and (f) the singular shall include the plural, the plural the singular, the use of any gender shall be applicable to all genders. Any reference in this Agreement
 to royalty or royalties (whether used in capitalized letters or not) shall include royalties and other recurring or deferred payments payable by a Party to the other Party for compensation or consideration of rights granted hereunder.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

Page 47 of 47 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered in duplicate by their duly authorized representatives with legal and binding effect as of the Effective Date.

For PDS Biotechnology Corporation

For Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany

By:

By:

/s/ Frank Bedu-Addo

/s/ Matthias Mullenbeck

Name: 

Frank Bedu-Addo, Ph.D. 

Name: 

Matthias Mullenbeck, MBA 

Title: 

Chief Executive Officer 

Title:

SVP Head Global Business Development Alliance Management 

By:

/s/ Jens Eckhardt

Name: 

Jens Eckhardt 

Title: 

Authorized Representative

Execution Version

Schedule 1.9

 Compound

[ ]

i 

Execution Version

Schedule 1.15

 Drug Product Inventory

 [ ]

ii 

Execution Version

Schedule 1.16

 Drug Substance Inventory

[ ]

iii 

Execution Version

Schedule 1.32

 Licensor Existing Research Collaborations

[ ]

iv 

Execution Version

Schedule 1.34

 Licensor Patents

[ ]

v 

Execution Version

Schedule 3.1b)

 Know-How Transfer Plan

[ ] 

vi 

Execution Version

Schedule 3.1c)

 Non-binding High-level CMC Technology Transfer Plan 

[ ]

vii 

Execution Version

Schedule 3.1e)iv

 Required Batch Specific Documents for Drug Substance and Drug Product Delivery

[ ]

viii 

Execution Version

Schedule 3.1e)v

 Phase III Release Procedures

[ ]

ix 

Execution Version

Schedule 4.1b)

 Annual Development Reports

[ ]

x 

Execution Version

Schedule 4.1c)

[ ]

[ ]

xi 

Execution Version

Schedule 7.5a)

 Press Release

[ ]

xii 

Execution Version

Schedule 8.2a)vii

 Rights of Reference

[ ]

xiii 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 brhc10050281_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1

Subsidiaries of PDS Biotechnology Corporation

Name

State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or

 Organization

PDS Operating Corporation

Delaware

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 brhc10050281_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement Nos. 333-267041, 333-240011) on Form S-3 and registration statements (Nos. 333-267042, 333-264048, 333-261072, 333-234693, 333-231945, 333-231943, 333-229817, 333-223390, 333-223389, 333-216431, 333-216430, 333-210042, 333-210041, 333-207545) on Form S-8 of our report
 dated March 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of PDS Biotechnology Corporation.

Short Hills, New Jersey 
 March 28, 2023

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 brhc10050281_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Frank Bedu-Addo, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PDS Biotechnology Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
 disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
 registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
 adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting.

Dated: March 28, 2023

/s/ Frank Bedu-Addo

Frank Bedu-Addo

President and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 brhc10050281_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Matthew Hill, certify that

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PDS Biotechnology Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
 information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
 disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
 registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
 adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting.

Dated: March 28, 2023

/s/ Matthew Hill

Matthew Hill

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 brhc10050281_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the accompanying Annual Report of PDS Biotechnology Corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2022 (the Report ), I, Frank Bedu-Addo, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that:

(1) 
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: March 28, 2023

/s/ Frank Bedu-Addo

Frank Bedu-Addo

President and Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 brhc10050281_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the accompanying Annual Report of PDS Biotechnology Corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2022 (the Report ), I, Matthew Hill, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that:

(1) 
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: March 28, 2023

/s/ Matthew Hill

Matthew Hill

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 pdsb-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 pdsb-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 pdsb-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 pdsb-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 pdsb-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

