<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230315_10-K_edgar_data_1327607_0001327607-23-000023.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20775609</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>450653</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3001420</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9031018</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4232975</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3630248</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001327607-23-000023.hdr.sgml : 20230315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315162217
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001327607-23-000023
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		137
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			First Western Financial Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001327607
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				371442266
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38595
		FILM NUMBER:		23735527

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 SIXTEENTH ST, #1200
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		303-531-8100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 SIXTEENTH ST, #1200
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001327607-23-000023.txt : 20230315

10-K
 1
 myfw-20221231.htm
 10-K

myfw-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________________________ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM_____ TO _____ 
 Commission File Number 
 ____________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 
 ____________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: . 
 ____________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES x NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES x NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer x Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO x 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter, the aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the Registrant s common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, was approximately million. 
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of March 10, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 ____________________________________________ 

Table of Contents 

 FIRST WESTERN FINANCIAL, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 30 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 51 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 52 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 52 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 52 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 53 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 54 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 55 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 84 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 86 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 88 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 88 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 88 
 Item 9 C . 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 88 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 89 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 89 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 89 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 89 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 89 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 90 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 92 Signatures 
 93 
 
 Important Notice about Information in this Annual Report 
 Unless we state otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to "we," "our," "us," "the Company" and "First Western" refer to First Western Financial, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including First Western Trust Bank, which we sometimes refer to as "the Bank" or "our Bank." 
 The information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is accurate only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and as of the dates specified herein. 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and our financial performance. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as "may," "should," "could," "predict," "potential," "believe," "will likely result," "expect," "continue," "will," "anticipate," "seek," "estimate," "intend," "plan," "projection," "would" and "outlook," or the negative version of those words or other comparable words or phrases of a future or forward-looking nature. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control, particularly with regard to developments related to COVID-19. Accordingly, we caution you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, actual results may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. When considering forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements described in "Item 1A Risk Factors" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 There are or will be important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 geographic concentration in Colorado, Arizona, Wyoming, California, and Montana; 
 changes in the economy affecting real estate values and liquidity; 
 risks associated with higher inflation; 
 changes in interest rates; 
 the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses; 
 weak economic conditions and global trade; 
 our ability to continue to originate residential real estate loans and sell such loans; 
 risks specific to commercial loans and borrowers; 
 claims and litigation pertaining to our fiduciary responsibilities; 
 competition for investment managers and professionals and our ability to retain our associates; 
 fluctuation in the value of our investment securities; 
 the terminable nature of our investment management contracts; 
 changes to the level or type of investment activity by our clients; 
 investment performance, in either relative or absolute terms; 
 legislative changes or the adoption of tax reform policies; 
 external business disruptors in the financial services industry; 
 liquidity risks; 
 our ability to maintain a strong core deposit base or other low-cost funding sources; 
 continued positive interaction with and financial health of our referral sources; 
 retaining our largest trust clients; 
 our ability to achieve our strategic objectives; 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 competition from other banks, financial institutions and wealth and investment management firms; 
 our ability to implement our internal growth strategy and manage the risks associated with our anticipated growth; 
 the acquisition of other banks and financial services companies and integration risks and other unknown risks associated with acquisitions; 
 the accuracy of estimates and assumptions; 
 our ability to protect against and manage fraudulent activity, breaches of our information security, and cybersecurity attacks; 
 our reliance on communications, information, operating and financial control systems technology and related services from third-party service providers; 
 technological change; 
 our ability to attract and retain clients; 
 unforeseen or catastrophic events, including the emergence of a pandemic, terrorist attacks, war, extreme weather events or other natural disasters; 
 new lines of business or new products and services; 
 regulation of the financial services industry; 
 legal and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries, fines and sanctions; 
 limited trading volume and liquidity in the market for our common stock; 
 fluctuations in the market price of our common stock; 
 actual or anticipated issuances or sales of our common stock or preferred stock in the future; 
 the initiation and continuation of securities analysts coverage of the Company; 
 potential impairment of goodwill recorded on our balance sheet and possible requirements to recognize significant charges to earnings due to impairment of intangible assets; 
 future issuances of debt securities; 
 our ability to manage our existing and future indebtedness; 
 available cash flows from the Bank; and 
 other factors that are discussed in "Part I Item 1A - Risk Factors." 
 The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive. If one or more events related to these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may differ materially from what we anticipate. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1: Business 
 Our Company 
 First Western Financial, Inc. is a financial holding company headquartered in Denver, Colorado. We provide a fully integrated suite of wealth management services on our private trust bank platform, which includes a comprehensive selection of deposit, loan, trust, wealth planning and investment management products and services. We believe our integrated business model distinguishes us from other banks and non-bank financial services companies in the markets in which we operate. As of December 31, 2022, we provided fiduciary and advisory services on 6.11 billion of trust and investment management assets (referred to as "AUM"), and we had total assets of 2.87 billion, total loans of 2.48 billion, total deposits of 2.41 billion and total shareholders equity of 240.9 million. 
 Our mission is to be the best private bank for the Western wealth management client. We believe that the "Western wealth management client" shares our entrepreneurial spirit and values our sophisticated, high-touch integrated financial services that are tailored to meet their specific needs. Our target clients include successful entrepreneurs, professionals and other high net worth individuals or families, along with their businesses and philanthropic organizations. We offer our services through a branded network of boutique private trust bank offices, loan production offices, and trust offices, which we believe are strategically located in affluent and high-growth markets in nineteen locations across Colorado, Arizona, Wyoming, California, and Montana. 
 We generate a significant portion of our revenues from non-interest income, which we produce from our trust, investment management and other advisory services as well as through the origination and sale of mortgage loans. The balance of our revenue is generated from net interest income, which we derive from our traditional banking products and services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, non-interest income was 28.4 million, or 26.3 of total income before non-interest expense and net interest income was 83.2 million, or 77.1 of total income before non-interest expense. 
 We believe that we have developed a unique approach to private banking to best serve our Western wealth management clients primarily as a result of the combination of the following factors: 
 Offering sophisticated wealth management products and services, including traditional banking as well as trust, wealth planning, investment management and other related services often provided by larger financial institutions with the high-touch and personalized experience that is typically associated with community and trust banks; 
 Delivering services through our strategically located private trust bank offices, which we refer to internally as "profit centers"; and 
 Using our relationship-based team approach to become a "trusted advisor" to our clients by understanding their investment management, ultimate goals and banking needs and tailoring our products and services to meet those needs. 
 Our History 
 We were founded in 2002 by our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Scott C. Wylie, and a group of local business leaders with the vision of building the best private bank for the Western wealth management client. Since opening our first office in Denver, Colorado in 2004, we have grown organically primarily by establishing boutique private trust bank offices, attracting new clients and expanding our relationships with existing clients, as well as through a series of strategic acquisitions of various trust, registered investment advisory, bank branch and full bank institutions, and other financial services firms. Since we completed an initial public offering of our common stock on July 23, 2018, our common stock has been listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "MYFW." 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Our Business Strategy 
 We believe we have built a premier private trust bank in the Western United States that focuses on providing the best financial solutions to our clients. We are service-driven, solution-oriented and relationship-based. We accomplish this by continuing to execute on the following strategies: 
 Building Out Existing Markets. Once we have established a presence in a particular geographic market that contains attractive high net worth household demographics, we then look to establish additional locations that are closely situated to sub-concentrations of affluent households and/or commercial activity (a "hub and spoke" market build-out, as we have commenced in Denver, Phoenix, and Jackson Hole). We continue to seek out talent to hire as part of our strategy of building out existing markets and continue to be successful in hiring teams that help us accomplish this goal. We also seek to employ highly capable associates with local market experience and relationships. 
 Deepening Existing Client Relationships. We deliver our services though our nineteen local boutique private trust bank offices, loan production offices, and trust offices. This allows us to use multi-discipline sales and client service teams, in-market, to ensure we are meeting each client s comprehensive set of needs. These teams take the time to understand the complexities of our clients financial world through wealth planning solutions and create the financial plan that helps them reach their goals. This profit center-based service model is a critical component of our future growth as we continue to develop our understanding of our clients evolving needs, allowing us to deepen, broaden and grow our existing relationships. 
 Generating Referrals for New Client Relationships. We believe we have demonstrated a successful sales and marketing capability, built around the personal and professional networks and centers of influence of our local profit center leadership. Our existing client base has historically provided a significant amount of new clients through referrals. In surveys, our clients generally rate us very favorably overall in areas of professionalism, reliability, service-orientation, and trust. We have added wealth advisors in many of our profit centers as commissioned sales associates to enhance our acquisition of new clients. 
 Developing Client Relationships through our Product Groups. Each profit center is designed to feel like a boutique private trust bank office and is staffed with business development and client service personnel. The profit centers work closely with our central product groups to customize our services to each client s specific situation, without sacrificing the flexibility, expertise and authority to quickly meet complex client needs. Our central product groups are designed to support a significantly larger client and AUM base, providing an opportunity for significant operating leverage as we open additional profit centers. We have sales and service specialists in our product groups, such as Retirement Services and Mortgage Services, who are able to build relationships within their area of expertise and provide expertise and high quality service that creates an opportunity for a broader relationship across our suite of products and services. 
 Expanding to New Markets . We believe that our profit centers are profitable and stable businesses when mature. We also believe that our product group and support center teams have a high degree of operating leverage (i.e., we believe that increasing the number of profit centers would not require a proportionate increase in our product group or support center expenses). Therefore, a key strategy of ours is to add incremental profit centers and grow them to maturity. We continue to seek out talent as part of our strategy of building out existing markets and continue to be successful in hiring teams that help us accomplish this goal. The trends in the financial services industry that make our business model successful in our existing geographic markets also exist in other locations in the Western United States. Our analysis indicates that there are hundreds of markets and submarkets in the Western United States that could support our profit centers and fit our target demographics. As such, we intend to continue to explore new Western United States markets with favorable high net worth demographics and competitive landscapes. 
 Growing our Core Deposit Franchise . The strength of our deposit franchise is derived from the long-standing relationships we have with our clients and the strong ties we have to the markets we serve. Our deposit footprint has provided, and we believe will continue to provide, primary support for our loan growth. A key part of our strategy is to continue to enhance our funding sources by continuing to build our private and commercial banking capabilities to keep building our base of attractively priced core deposits. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Attracting Talent . Our team of seasoned associates has been, and will continue to be, an important driver of our organic growth by further developing relationships with current and potential clients. We have a record of hiring experienced associates to enhance our organic growth, and sourcing and hiring talent will continue to be a core focus for us. We have significant insider ownership, and, in 2021, the Board approved stock ownership guidelines to further align management and shareholder interests. We believe that our client service model, financial strength, growth strategy and public company status will further enhance our ability to attract and retain this talent. 
 Developing New Products . We seek to be the primary source of financial products and services for our clients. By continuing to expand our product offerings either by internal product development or establishing third-party relationships we work to meet expanding client needs while further diversifying our revenue streams. This includes our recent efforts to focus on our product management disciplines as well as upgrading our commercial banking capabilities, adding market expertise in certain business verticals. 
 Our Service Model and Products 
 We deliver a broad array of wealth management products and services through our profit centers using our proprietary ConnectView approach, which looks holistically across a client s current and projected financial situation. We believe providing financial solutions in one area (such as estate, retirement planning or lending) often impacts other areas of our clients wealth planning (such as risk or balance sheet management), which provides us opportunities to evaluate proposed solutions across multiple business lines and offer additional services to our clients. 
 We have designed our business around having each profit center staffed with seasoned management. Typically, each profit center team is led by a president, who is a senior investment advisor or banker with strong client relationships and sales and leadership skills. The local team includes deposit, loan, trust, wealth planning, and related professionals, creating a strong interdisciplinary sales and service team. In addition to this service team, we added wealth advisors as a commissioned sales force to several profit centers to enhance our acquisition of new clients. 
 We provide a broad array of products and services through our boutique private trust bank offices, largely comprised of the products and services described below. 
 Lending 
 General . Through our relationship-oriented private bank lending approach, our strategy is to offer a broad range of customized consumer and commercial lending products for the personal investment and business needs of our clients. Our clients are typically well diversified and the purpose for their loan and liquidity needs often does not correlate to the collateral used to secure the loan. 
 Our commercial lending products include commercial loans, business term loans and lines of credit to a diversified mix of small and midsized businesses. We offer both owner occupied and non-owner occupied commercial real estate ("CRE") loans, as well as construction loans. 
 Our consumer lending products include residential first mortgage loans, originated loans for our own portfolio, as well as those for which we conduct mortgage banking activities whereby we originate and sell, servicing-released, whole loans in the secondary market. Our mortgage banking loan sales activities are primarily directed at originating single family mortgages, which generally conform to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac guidelines and are delivered to the investor shortly after funding. Additionally, we offer installment loans and lines of credit, typically to facilitate investment opportunities for consumer clients whose financial characteristics support the request. We also provide clients loans collateralized by cash and marketable securities. 
 We employ experienced banking and business development teams who provide superior client service, value-add lending solutions and competitive pricing to market our lending products and services. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022, our loan portfolio contained a balanced and diverse mix of loans, as shown below: 
 Gross Loans 
 
 Our loan portfolio includes commercial and industrial loans, residential real estate loans, commercial real estate loans, and other consumer loans. The principal risk associated with each category of loans we make is the creditworthiness of the borrower. Borrower creditworthiness is affected by general economic conditions and the attributes of the borrower and the borrower s market or industry. We underwrite for strong cash flow, multiple sources of repayment, adequate collateral, borrower experience and backup guarantors. Attributes of the relevant business market or industry include the competitive environment, client and supplier availability, the threat of substitutes and barriers to entry and exit. 
 1-4 Family Residential . Our 1-4 family residential loan portfolio consists of loans and home equity lines of credit secured by 1-4 family residential properties. These loans typically enable borrowers to purchase or refinance existing homes, most of which serve as the primary residence of the owner. In addition, some borrowers secure a commercial purpose loan with 1-4 family residential properties. As of December 31, 2022, 1-4 family residential loans were 898.2 million, or 36.3 of our total loan portfolio, consisting of 180.1 million and 718.1 million of fixed-rate and adjustable-rate loans, respectively. While we typically originate loans with adjustable rates and maturities up to 30 years, as of December 31, 2022, the average term on our 1-4 family portfolio was 20.0 years with an average remaining term of 18.6 years. Such loans typically remain outstanding for substantially shorter periods because borrowers often prepay their loans in full either upon sale of the property pledged as security or upon refinancing the original loan. 
 Commercial loans secured by 1-4 family residential real estate are dependent on the strength of the local economy, and local residential and commercial real estate markets. Borrower demand for adjustable-rate compared to fixed-rate loans is a function of the level of interest rates, the expectations of changes in the level of interest rates, and the difference between the interest rates and loans fees offered for fixed-rate mortgage loans as compared to the interest-rates and loans fees for adjustable rate loans. 
 The loan fees, interest rates, and other provisions of mortgage loans are determined by us on the basis of our own pricing criteria and competitive market conditions. The loans are secured by the real estate, and appraisals are obtained to support the loan amount at origination. Loans collateralized by 1-4 family residential real estate generally are originated in amounts of no more than 80 of appraised value. Generally, our loans conform to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac underwriting guidelines and conform to internal policies for debt-to-income or free cash flow levels. We retain a valid lien on real estate, obtain a title insurance policy that insures that the property is free from encumbrances and require hazard insurance. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Our focus for mortgage lending is to originate high-quality loans to drive growth in our mortgage loan portfolio. Our mortgage strategy includes attracting new loan clients with our mortgage loan products and services, which we believe will provide an opportunity for our profit centers to bring in well-qualified prospects, and to cross-sell other products and services to clients. We believe that cross-selling enables us to generate additional revenues, increase client retention, and provide products that benefit our clients. We have developed a scalable platform, including loan processing, underwriting and closings, for both secondary sales and origination of 1-4 family residential mortgages maintained in our portfolio and believe we have significant opportunities to grow this business. 
 Cash, Securities and Other . Our cash, securities and other loan portfolio consists of consumer and commercial purpose loans, which are primarily secured by securities managed and under custody with us, cash on deposit with us or life insurance policies. As of December 31, 2022, loans secured with cash, marketable securities and other were 165.7 million, or 6.6 of our total loan portfolio. This segment of our portfolio is affected by a variety of local and national economic factors affecting borrowers employment prospects, income levels, and overall economic sentiment. PPP loans that are fully guaranteed by the SBA are classified within this line item. 
 
 Consumer and Other. Our consumer and other loan portfolio consists of unsecured consumer loans. Loans held for investment accounted for under the fair value option are also classified within this line item and had an unpaid principal balance of 23.4 million as of December 31, 2022. Consumer and other loans were 50.0 million, or 2.0 of our total loan portfolio. 
 Commercial and Industrial . We originate commercial and industrial loans, including working capital lines of credit, permanent working capital term loans, business asset loans, acquisition, expansion and development loans, and other loan products, primarily in our target markets. These loans are underwritten on the basis of the borrower s ability to service the debt from income, with maturities tied to the underlying life of the collateral. We generally take a lien on all business assets, including, among other things, accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, available real estate, and generally obtain a personal guaranty of the principal(s). Our commercial and industrial loans generally have variable interest rates and terms that typically range from one to five years. Fixed-rate commercial and industrial loan maturities are generally short-term, with three to five-year maturities, including periodic interest rate resets. As of December 31, 2022, commercial and industrial loans were 361.0 million, or 14.6 of our total loan portfolio. The average maturity on our commercial and industrial portfolio was 3.1 years with an average remaining term of 2.0 years. This portfolio primarily consists of term loans and lines of credit which are mostly dependent on the strength of the industries of the related borrowers and the success of their businesses. 
 Commercial Real Estate, Owner Occupied and Non-Owner Occupied . We originate commercial loans collateralized by real estate. These loans may be collateralized by owner occupied or non-owner occupied real estate, as well as multi-family residential real estate. Commercial real estate lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts and the repayment is dependent, in large part, on sufficient income from the properties securing the loans to cover operating expenses and debt service. We require our commercial real estate loans to be secured by well-managed property with adequate margins and generally obtain a guaranty from responsible parties who have outside cash flows, experience and/or other assets. Our commercial real estate loans are generally secured by properties used for business purposes such as office buildings, industrial facilities and retail facilities. Loan amounts generally do not exceed 80 or 75 of the property s appraised value for owner occupied and non-owner occupied respectively. In addition, aggregate debt service ratios, including the guarantor s cash flow and the borrower s other projects, are required by policy to have a minimum annual cash flow to debt service ratio of 2.0x. We require independent appraisals or evaluations from a list of approved appraisers on all loans secured by commercial real estate. As of December 31, 2022, owner occupied commercial real estate loans were 216.1 million, or 8.7 of our total loan portfolio, and non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans were 496.8 million, or 20.1 of our total loan portfolio. These loans are primarily dependent on the strength of the industries of the related borrowers and the success of their businesses. 
 Construction and Development . We originate loans to finance the construction of residential and non-residential properties. Construction and development loans are generally collateralized by first liens on real estate as well as financial guarantees from the borrower and usually have floating interest rates. Our construction and development loans typically have maturities of up to two years depending on factors such as the type and size of the development and the financial strength of the borrower/guarantor, and are typically structured with an interest only construction period. These loans are underwritten to either mature at the completion of construction, or transition to a traditional amortizing commercial real estate facility with the terms and characteristics in line with other commercial real estate loans we hold in our portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, construction and development loans were 288.5 million, or 11.7 of our total loan portfolio. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Concentrations . Most of our lending activity and credit exposure, including real estate collateral for many of our loans, are concentrated in Colorado, Arizona, Wyoming, California, and Montana, as approximately 83.6 of the loans in our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 were made to borrowers who live in or conduct business in those states. Our commercial real estate loans are generally secured by first liens on real property. The remaining commercial and industrial loans are typically secured by general business assets, accounts receivable, inventory and/or the corporate guaranty of the borrower and personal guaranty of its principals. The geographic concentration subjects the loan portfolio to the general economic conditions within Colorado, Arizona, Wyoming, California, and Montana. The risks created by such concentrations have been considered by management in the determination of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. As of December 31, 2022, management believes the allowance for loan losses is adequate to absorb probable incurred losses in our loan portfolio. 
 Sound risk management practices and appropriate levels of capital are essential elements of the commercial real estate lending program. Concentrations of commercial real estate exposures add a dimension of risk that compounds the risk inherent in individual loans. Interagency guidance on commercial real estate concentrations describe sound risk management practices which include board and management oversight, portfolio management, management information systems, market analysis, portfolio stress testing and sensitivity analysis, credit underwriting standards, and credit risk review functions. Management believes it has implemented these practices in order to monitor concentrations in commercial real estate in our loan portfolio. 
 Credit Policies and Procedures 
 General. Asset quality and robust underwriting are integral to our strategy and credit culture. We place a considerable emphasis on effective risk management and preserving sound credit underwriting standards as we grow our loan portfolio. Underwriting considerations include collateral, defined sources of repayment, strength of guarantor(s) and opportunities to broaden the relationship with the client. Our credit policy requires key risks be identified and measured, documented and mitigated, to the extent possible, to seek to ensure the soundness of our loan portfolio. 
 Loan Underwriting and Approval. Historically, we believe we have made sound, high quality loans while recognizing that lending money involves a degree of business risk. We have loan policies designed to assist us in managing this business risk. These policies provide a general framework for our loan origination, monitoring and funding activities, while recognizing that not all risks can be anticipated. Our board of directors delegates limited lending authority to individuals and internal loan committees. When the total relationship exceeds an individual s loan authority, a higher authority or credit committee approval is required. The objective of our approval process is to provide a disciplined, collaborative approach to larger credits while maintaining responsiveness to client needs. Loan decisions are documented as to the borrower s business, purpose of the loan, evaluation of the repayment source and the associated risks, evaluation of collateral, covenants and monitoring requirements, and the risk rating rationale. 
 Managing credit risk is an enterprise-wide process. Our strategy for credit risk management includes well-defined, central credit policies, uniform underwriting criteria and ongoing risk monitoring and review processes. Our processes emphasize early stage review of loans, regular credit evaluations and management reviews of loans, which supplement the ongoing and proactive credit monitoring and loan servicing provided by our bankers. Our Chief Credit Officer, together with our central underwriting, credit administration and loan operations teams, provides credit oversight. We periodically review all credit risk portfolios to ensure that the risk identification processes are functioning properly and that our credit standards are followed. In addition, a third-party loan review is performed to assist in the identification of problem assets and to confirm our internal risk rating of loans. 
 Our loan policies include other underwriting guidelines for loans collateralized by real estate. These underwriting standards are designed to determine the maximum loan amount that a borrower has the capacity to repay based upon the type of collateral securing the loan and the borrower s income. Such loan policies include maximum amortization schedules and loan terms for each category of loans collateralized by liens on real estate. In addition, our loan policies provide guidelines for personal guarantees; an environmental review; loans to employees, executive officers and directors; problem loan identification; maintenance of an adequate allowance for loan losses; and other matters relating to lending practices. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 We believe that an important part of our assessment of client risk is the ongoing completion of periodic risk rating reviews. As part of these reviews, we seek to review the risk rating of each facility within a client relationship and may recommend an upgrade or downgrade to the risk rating. We categorize loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of the borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among other factors. We analyze loans individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk on a quarterly basis. We attempt to identify potential problem loans early in an effort to seek aggressive resolution of these situations before the loans become a loss, record any necessary charge-offs promptly and maintain adequate allowance levels for probable incurred loan losses in the loan portfolio. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company performed increased reviews on clients that could be more impacted by shutdowns or other pandemic related issues. See our risk factors and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more on our response to the pandemic. 
 Lending Limits. Our lending activities are subject to a variety of lending limits imposed by state and federal regulation. The Bank is subject to a legal lending limit on loans to related borrowers based on the Bank s capital level. The dollar amounts of the Bank s lending limit increases or decreases as the Bank s capital increases or decreases. The Bank is able to sell participations in its larger loans to other financial institutions, which allows it to manage the risk involved in these loans and to meet the lending needs of its clients requiring extensions of credit in excess of these limits. 
 Deposits 
 The strength of our deposit franchise is derived from the long-standing relationships we have with our clients and the strong ties we have to the markets we serve. Our deposit footprint has provided, and we believe will continue to provide, the primary support for our loan growth. A key part of our strategy is to continue to enhance our funding sources by continuing to build our private and commercial banking capabilities to keep building our base of attractively priced core deposits. 
 We provide a broad range of deposit products and services, including demand deposits, interest-bearing transaction accounts, money market accounts, time and savings deposits, ICS , certificates of deposit and CDARS reciprocal products. We also offer a range of treasury management products including cash manager and commercial analysis accounts, electronic receivables management, remote deposit capture, cash vault services, merchant services and other cash management services. Deposit flows are significantly influenced by general and local economic conditions, changes in prevailing interest rates, internal pricing decisions and competition. Our deposits are primarily obtained from depositors located in our geographic footprint, and we believe that we have attractive opportunities to capture additional deposits in our markets. In order to attract and retain deposits, we rely on providing quality service, offering a suite of retail and commercial products and services and introducing new products and services that meet our clients needs as they evolve. 
 For liquidity purposes, the Bank occasionally uses brokered deposits. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had brokered deposits of 115.3 mill ion a nd 22.3 mill ion, respectively. 
 We have experienced banking and business development teams who we believe provide superior client service, creative cash management solutions and competitive pricing to market our depository products and services. As of December 31, 2022 , total deposits we re 2.41 billion, a n increase of 199.5 million, or 9.0 , compared to 2.21 billion as of December 31, 2021. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022 , our deposit portfolio contained a balanced and diverse mix of deposits, as shown below: 
 Deposits 
 
 Trust and Investment Management, Advisory 
 We offer sophisticated wealth advisory and planning services including investment management, trusts and estate services, philanthropic services, insurance planning and retirement consulting. Our client relationships frequently include in-depth financial plans which are based on our proprietary ConnectView approach, and sophisticated, institutional quality investment management that is driven by comprehensive investment policy statements and access to industry-leading money managers. These customized documents wealth plans and investment policy statements form the roadmap for how we serve each client and monitor our progress in achieving their goals. 
 We have experienced trust officers in several profit centers, plus expert trust and estate attorneys on our central product group team, to provide fiduciary services through our profit centers. These include traditional fiduciary, directed trusts, special needs trusts, and custody services. Most of our investment management business is conducted through the trust department in agency accounts where we are not serving as trustee. 
 We also have experienced portfolio managers and business development teams in our profit centers who provide high-touch, tailored solutions that we believe further exemplifies our superior client service. These local teams have personal and professional networks and relationships with centers of influence to market our wealth advisory products and services. As of December 31, 2022 , total AUM was 6.11 billion , a decrea se of 1.24 billion, or 16.9 , compared to 7.35 billion as of December 31, 2021. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 As of December 31, 2022 , we provided fiduciary and advisory services on 6.11 billion of trust and investment management assets, as shown below: 
 Trust and Investment Management Assets 
 
 Our investment management platform combines a broad range of asset and sub asset classes meeting the needs of both taxable and tax-free private client accounts as well as trust investment services. We deliver most of our discretionary money management by allocating client portfolios across a centrally controlled platform of select third-party managers in each asset and sub asset class, including separately managed and comingled options, and with active and passive management strategies. We also have a limited number of proprietary products that we believe further differentiates us from many of our competitors. 
 We believe acting as an investment manager, and not just a manager of managers, has a number of critical benefits for our clients. These include the ability to have our money managers available to meet with clients and prospects, to tailor products and separately managed accounts for our clients, to better educate and inform our client-facing portfolio managers, and to develop new solutions as market conditions and client needs change. By combining internal research and a dedicated team of accredited specialized advisors like Chartered Financial Analysts and Certified Financial Planners with our pairing of proprietary and third-party investment options, we create unique solutions tailored to the specific needs of each of our clients. 
 Other Products 
 In addition to the traditional loan, deposit and trust and investment management products and services, our profit centers are supported by a central team of specialized product experts in our "product groups," which include experienced professionals in commercial banking, investment management, wealth planning, risk management/insurance, personal trust, retirement planning and tax-advantaged products, and mortgage lending. We believe that the sophistication of our product groups rivals the offerings and expertise typically provided by larger financial institutions. Our product groups are led and staffed with highly accredited and well known professionals, each with significant experience in their fields. Beyond traditional banking, trust and wealth management activities, at each profit center we provide other services including: 
 Mortgage Lending. Although our primary objective is to originate loans for our own portfolio, we also conduct mortgage banking activities in which we originate and sell, servicing-released, whole loans in the secondary market. Typically, loans with a fixed interest rate of greater than 10 years are available-for-sale and sold on the secondary market. Our mortgage banking loan sales activities are primarily directed at originating single family mortgages that are priced and underwritten to conform to previously agreed criteria before loan funding and are delivered to the investor shortly after funding. The level of future loan originations, loan sales and loan repayments depends on overall credit availability, the interest rate environment, the strength of the general economy, local real estate markets and the housing industry, and conditions in the secondary loan sale 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 market. The amount of gain or loss on the sale of loans is primarily driven by market conditions and changes in interest rates, as well as our pricing and asset liability management strategies. 
 Treasury Management. We offer a broad range of customized treasury management products and services for commercial accounts, including disbursement and payables management, liquidity management and online business banking services. Our profit center sales and service teams are supported by a central team of treasury management specialists and deposit operations professionals. 
 Risk Management/Insurance. Through the wealth planning process, our profit center teams are supported by a central team of insurance planning experts, specializing in risk management services, estate tax law, trusts and tax planning. We offer customized solutions in the form of, among others, charitable giving tax strategies, deferred-compensation plans, irrevocable life insurance trusts, long-term care insurance, and executive key person insurance. 
 Retirement Services, including 401(k) Plan Consulting. We have a team of retirement plan consultants who partner with businesses to sponsor retirement plans. We offer creative corporate retirement plan design and analysis solutions and fiduciary liability management, providing tools such as corporate retirement plans, and ERISA regulation compliance, education and expertise. 
 Our profit centers and product groups are also supported centrally by teams providing management services such as operations, risk management, credit administration, technology support, marketing, human capital and accounting/finance services, which we refer to as "support centers." Our associates in our support centers have significant experience in wealth management, investment advisory, and commercial banking, including areas such as lending, underwriting, credit administration, risk management, accounting/finance, operations and information technology. We have structured our teams, services and product offerings to use technology to efficiently provide our clients with a high-touch, solution-oriented experience, that we believe is scalable and provides operating leverage for future growth. 
 To demonstrate how these three groups profit centers, product groups and support centers work together to deliver a highly competitive product offering through a team of local professionals, our investment management offering is an example: 
 In each profit center, there are one or more portfolio managers that work as part of that local team s sales and service delivery. These portfolio managers are typically Certified Financial Planners, and occasionally Chartered Financial Analysts, with experience in wealth planning and portfolio construction. They meet with clients and develop an overall wealth management strategy, specific goals and objectives, an investment policy statement, and an implementation plan. They use our guided architecture, a diverse array of select third-party and proprietary investment products covering a broad range of asset classes as their source for portfolio construction options, asset allocation and products. Sales and marketing support is provided centrally but delivered locally. 
 Our investment platform is controlled by our central investment research group, which has a strong research focus and includes many associates who have Chartered Financial Analyst designations, with oversight by our Chief Investment Officer and our Investment Policy Committee. 
 Operational support for these profit center and product group teams is provided by our central trust and investment management support center team. 
 Investment Activities 
 The primary objectives of our Bank portfolio investment policy are to provide a source of liquidity, to provide an appropriate return on funds invested, to manage interest rate risk, to meet pledging requirements and to meet regulatory capital requirements. As of December 31, 2022 , the carrying value of our investment portfolio totaled 81.1 million, with an average y ield of 2.8 . 
 Our investment policy outlines investment type limitations, security mix parameters, authorization guidelines and risk management guidelines. The policy authorizes us to invest in a variety of investment securities, subject to various limitations. Our current investment portfolio consists of obligations of the U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government agencies, corporate or sponsored entities, including mortgage-backed securities, collateralized mortgage obligations, 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 subordinated debt bonds, and mutual funds. We participate in the Mortgage Partnership Finance Program ("MPF") and are required to maintain an investment in Federal Home Loan Bank of Topeka ("FHLB") stock, which investment is based on the level of our FHLB borrowings. Our board of directors has the overall responsibility for the investment portfolio, including approval of our investment policy. Our Asset and Liability Committee ("ALCO") and management are responsible for implementation of the investment policy and monitoring of our investment performance. Our ALCO and management review the status of our investment portfolio at least ten times per year. 
 Our Markets 
 Our strategic market area is defined by metropolitan areas in the Western United States having strong long-term economic growth prospects, a significant wealth demographic measured by growth in high net worth households, a dynamic commercial business landscape and the ability to sustain one or more of our profit centers. We target households with more than 1.0 million in liquid net worth and their related businesses and philanthropic interests. We believe that the complex and diverse financial needs of this market segment presents an opportunity to serve a broad array of client needs efficiently and cost effectively. 
 Our current operating markets have a high concentration of our targeted client segment and are expected to experience high growth, providing opportunity for continued future organic growth through demographic and market share growth. 
 We seek to expand our presence in our existing markets as well as other Western markets with similar demographic profiles. With improved access to capital as a result of our initial public offering in 2018, we expect to proactively evaluate opportunities to accelerate our organic growth and acquire banks, investment management firms and related businesses, while also seeking to hire talented personnel. We believe consolidation in the financial services industry along with the industry s movement towards automated and impersonal client service further presents the Company with a unique and significant opportunity. Our business model differentiates us from the industry, which we expect will enable us to increase our market share in existing markets and, on a strategic and opportunistic basis, expand our geographic footprint into new markets in the Western United States that share similar characteristics to our current markets. 
 Enterprise Technology 
 We continue to make investments in our information technology systems as we adapt to the changing security, technology, online and mobile, and other platform delivery needs and wants of our clients. We believe that this investment is essential to our ability to offer new products and optimize overall client experience, provide opportunities for future growth and acquisitions, and provide a secure infrastructure that supports our operations. We leverage the experience of a third-party managed service provider for information technology services, to augment security, and to deliver the technical expertise around network architecture required to operate securely with optimal efficiency. The majority of our systems are hosted by third-party service providers. The scalability of this infrastructure supports our growth strategy. In addition, business resiliency testing and planning ensures the capability of critical vendors to fail over to fully-hot replicated systems that provide complete redundancy in the event of a disaster. 
 Enterprise Risk Management 
 We place significant emphasis on our holistic approach to integrated risk management that provides oversight, control, and discipline to support strategic initiative and business objectives and to promote a risk-aware culture. We utilize the COSO 2017 ERM Framework to govern the process of anticipating, identifying, assessing, managing, optimizing, and monitoring risks within the organization. Our Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") Committee oversees our ERM program. This group contains key members of management including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officer/Chief Financial Officer. In order to carry out the ERM program, we have developed the following objectives to: 
 Integrate ERM practices with our strategy setting process and performance management practices to realize benefits related to value; 
 Improve the Company s ability to identify risks and establish appropriate responses to reduce costs and limit losses; 
 Identify operational gaps to reduce performance variability; 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Include business resiliency in strategy setting; 
 Identify interrelated risks within First Western and establish an integrated response; and 
 Assess the positive and negative aspects of risk to address challenges and opportunities within our internal and external environment. 
 We routinely monitor and measure risk throughout the organization to optimize the allocation of resources, preserve capital, and to ensure the attainment and/or protection of strategic goals and business objectives. 
 Competition 
 The financial services industry is highly competitive and we compete in a number of areas, including commercial and consumer banking, residential mortgages, wealth advisory, investment management, trust, and insurance among others. We compete with other bank and nonbank institutions located within our market area, along with competitors situated regionally, nationally or with only an online presence. These include large banks and other financial intermediaries, such as consumer finance companies, brokerage firms, mortgage banking companies, business leasing and finance companies and insurance agencies, as well as major retailers, all actively engaged in providing various types of loans and other financial services. We also face growing competition from online businesses with few or no physical locations, including online banks, lenders and consumer and commercial lending platforms as well as automated retirement and investment services providers. Competition involves efforts to retain current clients, obtain new loan, deposit and advisory services clients, increase the scope and type of services offered, and offer competitive interest rates paid on deposits, charged on loans, or charged for advisory services. We believe our integrated and high-touch service offering, along with our sophisticated relationship-oriented approach sets us apart from our competitors. 
 Human Capital Overview 
 As of December 31, 2022 , we had 365 assoc iates. We strive to recruit and retain team-oriented, respectful, problem solvers. We serve our internal team with the same approach we serve our clients, with an adaptive, entrepreneurial spirit. We take advantage of new opportunities, and encourage our team to explore new processes, products, and services to improve First Western. Associates are our trusted partners both within their teams and with our clients as we build a partnership for generations to come. 
 
 We strive to be a high performing financial institution producing consistent, strong financial results, coming from a well-executed strategy. It is our belief that this can only be accomplished by a well-run organization of outstanding, motivated, engaged and supported associates. Internally, we call this a People First mind-set and over the last several years have focused on building upon the foundational elements of this strategy. Those elements include an internally developed manager training program designed to train our managers to be great bosses in support of a culture of learning, collaboration, growth and development. Providing meaningful work for our associates by connecting their role to the Company s mission and vision as well as simplifying and streamlining repetitive tasks to make work more interesting and value added. We are building career paths, development opportunities and accountabilities into each role so that throughout the associates lifecycle there is opportunity to master skills and pursue professional and personal growth. People First is also about building connection and community with the Company. We believe the benefits of being part of our Company means you are appreciated and valued, you can build meaningful relationships, and have a sense of mutual accountability. 
 None of our associates are represented by any collective bargaining unit or are parties to a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that our strong relationships with our associates are central to establishing the corporate culture we need to serve our clients, shareholders, and our communities well. 
 We are committed to implementing diverse, equitable and, inclusive (DEI) policies and practices across the Company. Our corporate values speak directly to the spirit of inclusion as well as the importance of embracing diversity and equitable practices. We believe in a corporate culture where all people are empowered to reach their full potential through autonomy, mastery, and purpose. The Company s Board of Directors fosters this belief by ensuring that strategies are adopted that result in the Company understanding both associate performance and engagement at every level. 
 
 We continue to take steps to expand our role as an employer that champions diversity, equity, and inclusion grounded in and by our core values. In 2020, we established a DEI Task Force, led by our CEO, to develop and support DEI programs and policies. We established six subcommittees devoted to carrying out our goal of fostering a diverse, equitable, and inclusive Company and workforce. In late 2022 we began the process of redefining our DEI program to 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 include four action-oriented groups. Once implemented, the members of each ARG (Associate Resource Group) will work towards moving initiatives forward to meet goals established by leadership. In addition, we are members of Colorado Inclusive Economy, a business-led non-profit focused on promoting effective DEI initiatives. 
 The Company has invested in developing the necessary formal infrastructure to ensure fair pay across job classes and our geographic footprint. It has also adopted and enforces codes of conduct that establish principles of integrity, respect, and excellence at all levels of the Company. 
 Learning and Development 
 We provide extensive training to our associates in an effort to ensure that our clients receive superior service and that our risks are well managed. Learning and development opportunities consist of leadership development programs, communication courses, and technical development training (to name a few) as part of our goal to provide associates meaningful work with career advancement and opportunity for growth and development. Our strategic commitment to learning and development ensures the Company s leadership and management teams continue to grow at a pace consistent with our financial growth goals. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We offer a total rewards program to attract and retain team-oriented, respectful, problem solvers. Our compensation program includes competitive salary/hourly pay and incentive pay in the form of an annual bonus and stock awards to officers and certain members of the management team. In addition, the Company offers a 401(k) Plan with an employer matching contribution. Further, we offer a number of healthcare and insurance options, health savings accounts, paid time off, and paid family leave time for all associates. 
 Core Values and Culture 
 Developing and maintaining a strong, healthy culture is a key strategic focus as we continue to grow both organically and through acquisition. Our core values reflect our continued focus to maintain a highly-engaged team. 
 Problem solver Being a Problem solver at First Western means that when we see a problem, we see opportunity. We pick it up and we address it, and if appropriate, work to create or improve the FW Way for that type of issue. 
 Team oriented Team oriented at First Western means using our teammates to deliver the best possible results for our stakeholders. Our structure, with local teams and central experts, is designed to serve clients that have assets, liabilities, families, businesses, and long term goals that each require different types of expertise. 
 Respectful For First Westerners, Respectful means valuing the unique knowledge and experiences each stakeholder brings to a discussion. We appreciate the different value that each of us brings to First Western and treasure that expertise. 
 Adaptive First Westerners have an Adaptive, entrepreneurial spirit. When our world changes, we change to take advantage of new opportunities. We are always looking for ways to improve processes, products, and services. 
 Client focused First Western s fiduciary DNA guides us to act in the client s interest while protecting the Bank. Our clients know that as their trusted partner, FW has the strength and sophistication to help them for generations. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Available Information 
 The Company files reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Electronic copies of our SEC filings are available to the public at the SEC s website at https://www.sec.gov. You may also obtain copies of our annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and certain other information filed by the Company with the SEC, as well as amendments thereto, free of charge from the Company s website, https://myfw.gcs-web.com/investor-relations. These documents are posted to our website after we have filed them with the SEC. Our corporate governance guidelines, including our code of business conduct and ethics applicable to all of our associates, officers and directors, as well as the charters of our audit committee, compensation committee and corporate governance and nominating committee are available at https://myfw.gcs-web.com/investor-relations. The foregoing information is also available in print to any shareholder who requests it from the Company. Except as explicitly provided, information furnished by the Company and information on, or accessible through, the SEC s or the Company s website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other securities filings and is not a part of them. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 The U.S. banking industry is highly regulated under federal and state law. Banking laws, regulations, and policies affect the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries. Investors should understand that the primary objective of the U.S. bank regulatory regime is the protection of depositors, the Deposit Insurance Fund ("DIF"), and the banking system as a whole, not the protection of the Company s shareholders. 
 As a bank holding company, we are subject to inspection, examination, supervision, and regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve"). The Bank, which is our subsidiary, is a Colorado-chartered commercial bank and is not a member of the Federal Reserve System (a "state nonmember bank"). As such, the Bank is subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by both the Colorado Division of Banking (the "CDB") and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"). In addition, we expect that any additional businesses that we may invest in or acquire will be regulated by various state and/or federal banking regulators. 
 Banking statutes and regulations are subject to continual review and revision by Congress, state legislatures and federal and state regulatory agencies. A change in such statutes or regulations, including changes in how they are interpreted or implemented, could have a material effect on our business. In addition to laws and regulations, state and federal bank regulatory agencies may issue policy statements, interpretive letters and similar written guidance pursuant to such laws and regulations, which are binding on us and our subsidiaries. 
 Banking statutes, regulations and policies could restrict our ability to diversify into other areas of financial services, acquire depository institutions, and make distributions or pay dividends on our equity securities. They may also require us to provide financial support to any bank that we control, maintain capital balances in excess of those desired by management, and pay higher deposit insurance premiums as a result of a general deterioration in the financial condition of the Bank or other depository institutions we control. 
 The description below summarizes certain elements of the applicable bank regulatory framework. This description is not intended to describe all laws and regulations applicable to us and our subsidiaries. The description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the statutes, regulations, policies, interpretive letters and other written guidance that are described. 
 Regulatory Capital 
 The Company and the Bank are each required to comply with applicable capital adequacy standards established by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC. The current risk-based capital standards applicable to the Company and the Bank are based on the December 2010 final capital framework for strengthening international capital standards, known as Basel III, of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, or Basel Committee. The final rules implementing the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s capital guidelines for U.S. banks ("Basel III Rules") have been fully phased in. The Basel III Rules require banks and bank holding companies, including the Company and the Bank, to maintain minimum capital amounts and ratios. These ratios are common equity Tier 1 capital ("CET1"), Tier 1 capital and total capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined in the regulations), and Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to average assets (as defined in the regulations). 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 The final rules of Basel III also established a "capital conservation buffer" of 2.5 above new regulatory minimum capital ratios. The minimum capital ratios inclusive of the capital conservation buffer are as follows: (i) a CET1 ratio of 7.0 ; (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 ; and (iii) a total capital ratio of 10.5 . Banks are subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses if their capital level falls below the buffer amount. These limitations establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income that can be utilized for such activities. 
 The Basel III Capital Rules also attempt to improve the quality of capital by implementing changes to the definition of capital. Among the most important changes are stricter eligibility criteria for regulatory capital instruments that disallow the inclusion of certain instruments, such as trust preferred securities (other than grandfathered trust preferred securities such as those issued by the Company), in Tier 1 capital going forward and new constraints on the inclusion of minority interests, mortgage-servicing assets, deferred tax assets and certain investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions. In addition, the Basel III Capital Rules require that most regulatory capital deductions be made from CET1 capital. 
 The Federal Reserve and the FDIC may also set higher capital requirements for individual institutions whose circumstances warrant it. For example, institutions experiencing internal growth or making acquisitions are expected to maintain strong capital positions substantially above the minimum supervisory levels, without significant reliance on intangible assets. At this time, the bank regulatory agencies are more inclined to impose higher capital requirements to meet well capitalized standards and future regulatory change could impose higher capital standards as a routine matter. The Company s regulatory capital ratios and those of the Bank are in excess of the levels established for "well capitalized" institutions under the rules. 
 The Basel III Capital Rules also set forth certain changes in the methods of calculating certain risk-weighted assets, which in turn affects the calculation of risk-based capital ratios. Under the Basel III Capital Rules, higher or more sensitive risk weights have been assigned to various categories of assets, including certain credit facilities that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property, certain exposures or credits that are 90 days past due or on nonaccrual status, foreign exposures and certain corporate exposures. In addition, these rules include greater recognition of collateral and guarantees, and revised capital treatment for derivatives and repo-style transactions. 
 The federal bank regulators have modified certain aspects of the Basel III Capital Rules since the rules were initially published, and additional modifications may be made in the future. In December 2017, the Basel Committee published standards that it described as the finalization of the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms (commonly referred to as Basel IV). Among other things, these standards revise the Basel Committee s standardized approach for credit risk (including by recalibrating risk weights and introducing new capital requirements for certain "unconditionally cancellable commitments," such as unused credit card lines of credit) and provides a new standardized approach for operational risk capital. Under the Basel framework, these standards will generally be effective on January 1, 2023, with an aggregate output floor phasing in through January 1, 2028. On September 9, 2022, the U.S. federal banking regulators announced their intent to revise regulatory capital requirements to align them with the regulatory capital standards that were finalized by the Basel Committee in December 2017, however a proposed rule has not yet been issued. In addition, the U.S. federal banking regulators stated that Community banking organizations would not be impacted by the proposal. Under the current U.S. capital rules, operational risk capital requirements and a capital floor apply only to advanced approaches institutions, and not to the Company or the Bank. The impact of Basel IV on us will depend on the manner in which it is implemented by the federal bank regulators. 
 In accordance with the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (the "Regulatory Relief Act"), discussed below, the federal banking agencies published final rules implementing the community bank leverage ratio in November 2019. Under the final rules, which went into effect on January 1, 2020, depository institutions and depository institution holding companies that have less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets and meet other qualifying criteria, including a leverage capital ratio of greater than 9 , off-balance-sheet exposures of 25 or less of total consolidated assets and trading assets plus trading liabilities of 5 or less of total consolidated assets, are deemed "qualifying community banking organizations" and are eligible to opt into the community bank leverage ratio framework. A qualifying community banking organization that elects to use the community bank leverage ratio framework and that maintains a leverage capital ratio of greater than 9 is considered to have satisfied the generally applicable risk-based and leverage capital requirements under the Basel III Capital Rules and, if applicable, is considered to have met the well capitalized ratio requirements for purposes of its primary federal regulators prompt corrective action rules, discussed below. The Company and the Bank have not made an election to use the community bank leverage ratio framework but may make such an election in the future if determined to be possible and advantageous. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Regulation of the Company 
 The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended ("BHC Act"), and other federal laws subject bank holding companies to particular restrictions on the types of activities in which they may engage, and to a range of supervisory requirements and activities, including regulatory enforcement actions for violations of laws and regulations. 
 Permitted Activities. Generally, bank holding companies are prohibited under the BHC Act from engaging in, or acquiring direct or indirect control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any company engaged in any activity other than (i) banking or managing or controlling banks or (ii) an activity that the Federal Reserve determines to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident to the business of banking. The Federal Reserve has the authority to require a bank holding company to terminate an activity or terminate control of or liquidate or divest certain subsidiaries or affiliates when the Federal Reserve believes the activity or the control of the subsidiary or affiliate constitutes a significant risk to the financial safety, soundness or stability of any of its banking subsidiaries. 
 Status as a Financial Holding Company. Under the BHC Act, a bank holding company may file an election with the Federal Reserve to be treated as a financial holding company and engage in an expanded list of financial activities. The election must be accompanied by a certification that all of the company s insured depository institution subsidiaries are "well capitalized" and "well managed." Additionally, the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 ("CRA") rating of each subsidiary bank must be satisfactory or better. If, after becoming a financial holding company and undertaking activities not permissible for a bank holding company, the company fails to continue to meet any of the prerequisites for financial holding company status, the company must enter into an agreement with the Federal Reserve to comply with all applicable capital and management requirements. If the company does not return to compliance within 180 days, the Federal Reserve may order the company to divest its subsidiary banks or the company may discontinue or divest investments in companies engaged in activities permissible only for a bank holding company that has elected to be treated as a financial holding company. The Company filed an election and became a financial holding company in 2006. 
 Sound Banking Practices. Bank holding companies and their non-banking subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in activities that represent unsafe or unsound banking practices. For example, under certain circumstances the Federal Reserve s Regulation Y requires a holding company to give the Federal Reserve prior notice of any redemption or repurchase of its own equity securities if the consideration to be paid, together with the consideration paid for any repurchases in the preceding year, is equal to 10 or more of the company s consolidated net worth. The Federal Reserve may oppose the transaction if it believes that the transaction would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice or would violate a regulation. As another example, a holding company is prohibited from impairing its subsidiary bank s soundness by causing the bank to make funds available to non-banking subsidiaries or their clients if the Federal Reserve believes it not prudent to do so. The Federal Reserve has the power to assess civil money penalties for knowing or reckless violations if the activities leading to a violation caused a substantial loss to a depository institution. Potential penalties are as high as 1.0 million for each day the activity continues. 
 Source of Strength. In accordance with the Dodd-Frank Act and long-standing Federal Reserve policy, the Company must act as a source of financial and managerial strength to the Bank. Under this policy, the Company must commit resources to support the Bank, including at times when the Company may not be in a financial position to provide it. As discussed below, the Company could be required to guarantee the capital plan of the Bank if it becomes undercapitalized for purposes of banking regulations. Any capital loans by a bank holding company to its subsidiary bank are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of such subsidiary bank. The BHC Act provides that, in the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, any commitment by the bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a bank subsidiary will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority of payment. 
 Regulatory agencies have promulgated regulations to increase the capital requirements for bank holding companies to a level that matches those of banking institutions. 
 Anti-Tying Restrictions. Bank holding companies and affiliates are prohibited from tying the provision of services, such as extensions of credit, to other services offered by a holding company or its affiliates. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions. The BHC Act, Section 18(c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended ("FDIA"), the Colorado Banking Code and other federal and state statutes regulate acquisitions of commercial banks and their holding companies. The BHC Act generally limits acquisitions by bank holding companies to commercial banks and companies engaged in activities that the Federal Reserve has determined to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto. The BHC Act requires every bank holding company to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before: (i) acquiring more than 5 of the voting stock of any bank or other bank holding company; (ii) acquiring all or substantially all of the assets of any bank or bank holding company; or (iii) merging or consolidating with any other bank holding company. 
 In reviewing applications seeking approval of merger and acquisition transactions, the bank regulatory authorities generally consider, among other things, the competitive effect and public benefits of the transactions, the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the combined organization (including the capital position of the combined organization), the applicant s performance record under the Community Reinvestment Act, (see the section captioned "Community Reinvestment Act" included below in this item), fair housing laws and the effectiveness of the subject organizations in combating money laundering activities. 
 The Company is also subject to the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978 ("Control Act") and related Federal Reserve regulations, which provide that any person who proposes to acquire at least 10 (but less than 25 of any class of a bank holding company s voting securities is presumed to control the company (unless the company is not publicly held or some other shareholder owns a greater percentage of voting stock). Any person who would be presumed to acquire control or who proposes to acquire control of 25 or more of any class of a bank holding company s voting securities, or who proposes to acquire actual control, must provide the Federal Reserve with at least 60 days prior written notice of the acquisition. The Federal Reserve may disapprove a proposed acquisition if: (i) it would result in adverse competitive effects; (ii) the financial condition of the acquiring person might jeopardize the target institution s financial stability or prejudice the interests of depositors; (iii) the competence, experience or integrity of any acquiring person indicates that the proposed acquisition would not be in the best interests of the depositors or the public; or (iv) the acquiring person fails to provide all of the information required by the Federal Reserve. Any proposed acquisition of the voting securities of a bank holding company that is subject to approval under the BHC Act is not subject to the Control Act notice requirements. Any company that proposes to acquire "control," as those terms are defined in the BHC Act and Federal Reserve regulations, of a bank holding company or to acquire 25 or more of any class of voting securities of a bank holding company would be required to seek the Federal Reserve s prior approval under the BHC Act to become a bank holding company. 
 Dividends. The Company s earnings and activities are affected by legislation, by regulations and by local legislative and administrative bodies and decisions of courts in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business. These include limitations on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company and the Company s ability to pay dividends to its shareholders. It is the policy of the Federal Reserve that bank holding companies should pay cash dividends on common stock only out of income available over the past year and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization s expected future needs and financial condition. The policy provides that bank holding companies should not maintain a level of cash dividends that undermines the bank holding company s ability to serve as a source of strength to its banking subsidiary. Consistent with such policy, a banking organization should have comprehensive policies on dividend payments that clearly articulate the organization s objectives and approaches for maintaining a strong capital position and achieving the objectives of the policy statement. 
 As a Colorado state-chartered bank, the Bank is subject to limitations under Colorado law on the payment of dividends. The Colorado Banking Code provides that a bank may declare dividends from retained earnings and other components of capital specifically approved by the Colorado State Banking Board so long as the declaration is made in compliance with rules established by the Colorado State Banking Board. 
 In addition, a state nonmember bank may not declare a dividend if paying the dividend would result in the bank being undercapitalized under FDIA, discussed above, and must comply with any discretionary distribution restrictions imposed on it under the federal banking agencies capital buffer rules. The FDIC has stated that, in general, state nonmember banks can pay dividends in reasonable amounts only after the bank s earnings have first been applied to the elimination of losses and the establishment of necessary reserves and prudent capital levels. The FDIC may also direct state nonmember banks that are poorly rated or subject to written supervisory actions not to pay dividends in order to ensure adequate capital exists to support their risk profile. 
 In 2009, the Federal Reserve issued a supervisory letter providing greater clarity to its policy statement on the payment of dividends by bank holding companies. In this letter, the Federal Reserve stated that when a holding company s 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 board of directors is deciding on the level of dividends to declare, it should consider, among other factors: (i) overall asset quality, potential need to increase reserves and write down assets, and concentrations of credit; (ii) potential for unanticipated losses and declines in asset values; (iii) implicit and explicit liquidity and credit commitments, including off-balance sheet and contingent liabilities; (iv) quality and level of current and prospective earnings, including earnings capacity under a number of plausible economic scenarios; (v) current and prospective cash flow and liquidity; (vi) ability to serve as an ongoing source of financial and managerial strength to depository institution subsidiaries insured by the FDIC, including the extent of double leverage and the condition of subsidiary depository institutions; (vii) other risks that affect the holding company s financial condition and are not fully captured in regulatory capital calculations; (viii) level, composition, and quality of capital; and (ix) ability to raise additional equity capital in prevailing market and economic conditions (the "Dividend Factors"). It is particularly important for a bank holding company s board of directors to ensure that the dividend level is prudent relative to the organization s financial position and is not based on overly optimistic earnings scenarios. In addition, a bank holding company s board of directors should strongly consider, after careful analysis of the Dividend Factors, reducing, deferring or eliminating dividends when the quantity and quality of the holding company s earnings have declined or the holding company is experiencing other financial problems, or when the macroeconomic outlook for the holding company s primary profit centers has deteriorated. The Federal Reserve further stated that, as a general matter, a bank holding company should eliminate, defer or significantly reduce its distributions if: (i) its net income is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; (ii) its prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with its capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or (iii) it will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. Failure to do so could result in a supervisory finding that the bank holding company is operating in an unsafe and unsound manner. 
 Additionally, the Federal Reserve possesses enforcement powers over bank holding companies and their non-bank subsidiaries with which it can prevent or remedy actions that represent unsafe or unsound practices, or violations of applicable statutes and regulations. Among these powers is the ability to proscribe the payment of dividends by banks and bank holding companies. 
 Stock Redemptions and Repurchases. It is an essential principle of safety and soundness that a banking organization s redemption and repurchases of regulatory capital instruments, including common stock, from investors be consistent with the organization s current and prospective capital needs. In assessing such needs, the board of directors and management of a bank holding company should consider the Dividend Factors discussed above under "Dividends." The risk-based capital rule directs bank holding companies to consult with the Federal Reserve before redeeming any equity or other capital instrument included in Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital prior to stated maturity, if such redemption could have a material effect on the level or composition of the organization s capital base. Bank holding companies that are experiencing financial weaknesses, or that are at significant risk of developing financial weaknesses, must consult with the appropriate Federal Reserve supervisory staff before redeeming or repurchasing common stock or other regulatory capital instruments for cash or other valuable consideration. Similarly, any bank holding company considering expansion, whether through acquisitions or through organic growth and new activities, generally also must consult with the appropriate Federal Reserve supervisory staff before redeeming or repurchasing common stock or other regulatory capital instruments for cash or other valuable consideration. In evaluating the appropriateness of a bank holding company s proposed redemption or repurchase of capital instruments, the Federal Reserve will consider the potential losses that the holding company may suffer from the prospective need to increase reserves and write down assets from continued asset deterioration and the holding company s ability to raise additional common stock and other Tier 1 capital to replace capital instruments that are redeemed or repurchased. A bank holding company must inform the Federal Reserve of a redemption or repurchase of common stock or perpetual preferred stock for cash or other value resulting in a net reduction of the bank holding company s outstanding amount of common stock or perpetual preferred stock below the amount of such capital instrument outstanding at the beginning of the quarter in which the redemption or repurchase occurs. In addition, a bank holding company must advise the Federal Reserve sufficiently in advance of such redemptions and repurchases to provide reasonable opportunity for supervisory review and possible objection should the Federal Reserve determine a transaction raises safety and soundness concerns. 
 Regulation Y requires that a bank holding company that is not well capitalized or well managed, or that is subject to any unresolved supervisory issues, provide prior notice to the Federal Reserve for any repurchase or redemption of its equity securities for cash or other value that would reduce by 10 or more the holding company s consolidated net worth aggregated over the preceding 12-month period. 
 Annual Reporting; Examinations. The Company is required to file an annual report with the Federal Reserve and to provide such additional information as the Federal Reserve may require. The Federal Reserve may examine a bank holding company and any of its subsidiaries, and charge the company for the cost of such an examination. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 The Bank is examined from time to time by its primary federal banking regulator, the FDIC, and the CDB and is charged for the cost of such an examination. Depending on the results of a given examination, the FDIC and the CDB may revalue the Bank s assets and require that the Bank establish specific reserves to compensate for the difference between the value determined by the regulator and the book value of the assets. The Company is required to provide annual audited financial statements and other information to the FDIC as required under Part 363 of FDIC rules and regulations. 
 Imposition of Liability for Undercapitalized Subsidiaries. FDIA requires bank regulators to take "prompt corrective action" to resolve problems associated with insured depository institutions. In the event an institution becomes "undercapitalized," it must submit a capital restoration plan. The capital restoration plan will not be accepted by the regulators unless each company "having control of" the undercapitalized institution "guarantees" the subsidiary s compliance with the capital restoration plan until it becomes "adequately capitalized." For purposes of this statute, the Company has control of the Bank. Under FDIA, the aggregate liability of all companies controlling a particular institution is limited to the lesser of five percent of the depository institution s total assets at the time it became undercapitalized or the amount necessary to bring the institution into compliance with applicable capital standards. FDIA grants greater powers to bank regulators in situations where an institution becomes "significantly" or "critically" undercapitalized or fails to submit a capital restoration plan. For example, a bank holding company controlling such an institution can be required to obtain prior Federal Reserve approval of proposed distributions, or might be required to consent to a merger or to divest the troubled institution or other affiliates. 
 State Law Restrictions. As a Colorado corporation, the Company is subject to certain limitations and restrictions under applicable Colorado corporate law. For example, state law restrictions in Colorado include limitations and restrictions relating to indemnification of directors; distributions and dividends to shareholders; transactions involving directors, officers or interested shareholders; maintenance of books, records, and minutes; and observance of certain corporate formalities. 
 Regulation of the Bank 
 Capital Adequacy. Under the Basel III Capital Rules, discussed above, the FDIC monitors the capital adequacy of the Bank by using a combination of risk-based guidelines and leverage ratios. The FDIC considers the Bank s capital levels when acting on various types of applications and when conducting supervisory activities related to the safety and soundness of the Bank and the banking system. Higher capital levels may be required if warranted by the circumstances or risk profiles of individual institutions, or if required by the banking regulators due to the economic conditions impacting our markets. For example, FDIC regulations provide that higher capital may be required to take adequate account of, among other things, interest rate risk and the risks posed by concentrations of credit, nontraditional activities or securities trading activities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Bank exceeded all regulatory minimum capital requirements. 
 Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action. Under applicable federal statutes, the federal bank regulatory agencies are required to take "prompt corrective action" with respect to institutions that do not meet specified minimum capital requirements. For these purposes, the law establishes five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. Under the FDIC s prompt corrective action regulations, an institution is deemed to be "well capitalized" if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a CET1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.5 or greater and a leverage capital ratio of 5.0 or greater. An institution is "adequately capitalized" if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater, a CET1 risk-based capital ratio of 4.5 or greater and a leverage capital ratio of 4.0 or greater. An institution is "undercapitalized" if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a CET1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.5 or a leverage capital ratio of less than 4.0 . An institution is deemed to be "significantly undercapitalized" if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 , a CET1 capital ratio of less than 3.0 or a leverage capital ratio of less than 3.0 . An institution is considered to be "critically undercapitalized" if it has a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . 
 Undercapitalized institutions are subject to growth limitations and are required to submit a capital restoration plan to the FDIC. The federal bank regulatory agencies may not accept such a plan without determining, among other things, that the plan is based on realistic assumptions and is likely to succeed in restoring the depository institution s capital. In addition, for a capital restoration plan to be acceptable, the depository institution s parent holding company must guarantee that the institution will comply with such capital restoration plan. If a depository institution fails to submit an acceptable 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 plan, it is treated as if it is "significantly undercapitalized." "Significantly undercapitalized" depository institutions may be subject to a number of requirements and restrictions, including orders to sell sufficient voting stock to become "adequately capitalized," requirements to reduce total assets, and cessation of receipt of deposits from correspondent banks. "Critically undercapitalized" institutions are subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator. 
 As of December 31, 2022 , the Bank qualified as "well capitalized" under the prompt corrective action rules. 
 Deposit Insurance Assessments. All of a depositor s accounts at an insured bank, including all noninterest-bearing transaction accounts, are insured by the FDIC up to 250,000. FDIC-insured banks are required to pay deposit insurance premiums to the FDIC. The FDIC has adopted a risk-based assessment system whereby FDIC-insured depository institutions pay insurance premiums at rates based on their risk classification. An institution s risk classification is assigned based on current financial ratios and supervisory ratings of the institution s financial condition and operations. Assessments are based on an institution s average consolidated total assets less average tangible equity, subject to adjustments for certain types of institutions, including custodial banks. 
 The FDIC may terminate a depository institution s deposit insurance upon a finding that the institution s financial condition is unsafe or unsound or that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices or has violated any applicable rule, regulation, order, or condition enacted or imposed by the institution s regulatory agency. If deposit insurance for a banking business that we invest in or acquire were to be terminated, that would have a material adverse effect on that banking business and potentially on the Company as a whole. 
 Depositor Preference. FDIA provides that, in the event of the "liquidation or other resolution" of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors of the institution, including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors, and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver, will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution. If an insured depository institution fails, insured and uninsured depositors, along with the FDIC, will have priority in payment ahead of unsecured, non-deposit creditors, including the parent bank holding company, with respect to any extensions of credit they have made to such insured depository institution. 
 Consumer Financial Protection. The Bank is subject to a number of federal and state consumer protection laws that extensively govern its relationship with its clients. These laws include the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Right to Financial Privacy Act, the Service Members Civil Relief Act and these laws respective state law counterparts, as well as state usury laws and laws regarding unfair and deceptive acts and practices. These and other federal laws, among other things, require disclosures of the cost of credit and terms of deposit accounts, provide substantive consumer rights, prohibit discrimination in credit transactions, regulate the use of credit report information, provide financial privacy protections, prohibit unfair, deceptive, and abusive practices, restrict the Bank s ability to raise interest rates and subject the Company and the Bank to substantial regulatory oversight. Violations of applicable consumer protection laws can result in significant potential liability from litigation brought by clients, including actual damages, restitution, and attorneys fees. Federal bank regulators, state attorneys general and state and local consumer protection agencies may also seek to enforce consumer protection requirements and obtain these and other remedies, including regulatory sanctions, customer rescission rights, action by the state and local attorneys general in each jurisdiction in which we operate and civil money penalties. Failure to comply with consumer protection requirements may also result in our failure to obtain any required bank regulatory approval for merger or acquisition transactions the Company may want to pursue or our prohibition from engaging in such transactions even if approval is not required. 
 The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB") has broad rulemaking authority for a wide range of consumer financial laws that apply to all banks. The CFPB is authorized to issue rules for both bank and non-bank companies that offer consumer financial products and services, subject to consultation with the prudential banking regulators. In general, however, banks with assets of 10 billion or less, such as the Bank, will continue to be examined for consumer compliance by their primary federal bank regulator. 
 Much of the CFPB s rulemaking has focused on mortgage lending and servicing, including an important rule requiring lenders to ensure that prospective buyers have the ability to repay their mortgages. Other areas of current CFPB focus include consumer protections for prepaid cards, payday lending, debt collection, overdraft services and privacy notices. The CFPB has been particularly active in issuing rules and guidelines concerning residential mortgage lending and servicing, issuing numerous rules and guidance related to residential mortgages. Perhaps the most significant of these guidelines is the "Ability-to-Repay and Qualified Mortgage Standards under the Truth in Lending Act" portions of 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Regulation Z. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, creditors must make a reasonable and good faith determination, based on verified and documented information, that the consumer has a reasonable "ability to repay" a residential mortgage according to its terms. There is a statutory presumption of compliance with this requirement for mortgages that meet the requirements to be deemed "qualified mortgages." The CFPB rule defines the key threshold terms "ability to repay" and "qualified mortgage." 
 The CFPB has actively issued enforcement actions against both large and small entities and to entities across the entire financial service industry. The CFPB has relied upon "unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts" prohibitions as its primary enforcement tool. However, the CFPB and Department of Justice ("DOJ") continue to be focused on fair lending in taking enforcement actions against banks with renewed emphasis on alleged "redlining" practices. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could give rise to regulatory sanctions, client rescission rights, actions by state and local attorneys general and civil or criminal liability. 
 Brokered Deposit Restrictions. Well capitalized institutions are not subject to limitations on brokered deposits, while an adequately capitalized institution is able to accept, renew or roll over brokered deposits only with a waiver from the FDIC and is subject to certain restrictions on the yield paid on such deposits. Undercapitalized institutions are generally not permitted to accept, renew, or roll over brokered deposits. 
 Community Reinvestment Act. The CRA is intended to encourage banks to help meet the credit needs of their entire communities, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods, consistent with safe and sound operations. The regulators examine banks and assign each bank a public CRA rating. The CRA then requires bank regulators to consider the bank's record in meeting the needs of its community when considering certain applications by a bank, including applications to establish a banking center or to conduct certain mergers or acquisitions. The Federal Reserve is required to consider the CRA records of a bank holding company s controlled banks when considering an application by the bank holding company to acquire a bank or to merge with another bank holding company. 
 When we apply for regulatory approval to make certain investments, the regulators will consider the CRA record of the target institution and our depository institution subsidiary. An unsatisfactory CRA record could substantially delay approval or result in denial of an application. 
 Insider Credit Transactions. Banks are subject to certain restrictions imposed by the Federal Reserve Act on extensions of credit to certain executive officers, directors, principal shareholders, and any related interests of such persons (Regulation O). Extensions of credit to such persons must (a) be made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with persons not covered by such restrictions, and (b) not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features. Banks are also subject to certain lending limits and restrictions on overdrafts to such persons. A violation of these restrictions may result in the assessment of substantial civil monetary penalties on the affected bank or any officer, director, employee, agent, or other person participating in the conduct of the affairs of that bank, the imposition of a cease and desist order, and other regulatory sanctions. 
 Safety and Soundness Standards. Under the FDIC Improvement Act ("FDICIA"), each federal banking agency has prescribed, by regulation, non-capital safety and soundness standards for institutions under its authority. These standards cover internal controls, information and internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees and benefits, such other operational and managerial standards as the agency determines to be appropriate, and standards for asset quality, earnings, and stock valuation. An institution which fails to meet these standards must develop a plan acceptable to the agency, specifying the steps that the institution will take to meet the standards. Failure to submit or implement such a plan may subject the institution to regulatory sanctions. 
 Financial Privacy. In accordance with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (the "GLB Act"), federal banking regulators adopted rules that limit the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose nonpublic information about consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. These rules require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to a nonaffiliated third party. The privacy provisions of the GLB Act affect how consumer information is transmitted through diversified financial companies and conveyed to outside vendors. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Anti-Money Laundering. Under federal law, including the Bank Secrecy Act and Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the "USA PATRIOT Act"), certain types of financial institutions, including insured depository institutions, must maintain anti-money laundering programs that include established internal policies, procedures and controls; a designated compliance officer; an ongoing training program; and testing of the program by an independent audit function. Financial institutions are restricted from entering into specified financial transactions and account relationships and must meet enhanced standards for due diligence, client identification and recordkeeping, including in their dealings with non-U.S. financial institutions and non-U.S. clients. Financial institutions must take reasonable steps to conduct enhanced scrutiny of account relationships to guard against money laundering and to report any suspicious information maintained by financial institutions. Bank regulators routinely examine institutions for compliance with these obligations and they must consider an institution s anti-money laundering compliance when considering regulatory applications filed by the institution, including applications for banking mergers and acquisitions. The regulatory authorities have imposed "cease and desist" orders and civil money penalty sanctions against institutions found to be violating these obligations. 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation. The United States has imposed economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries, foreign nationals, and others. These are typically known as the "OFAC" rules based on their administration by the U.S. Department of the Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"). The OFAC-administered sanctions targeting countries take many different forms. Generally, however, they contain one or more of the following elements: (i) restrictions on trade with or investment in a sanctioned country, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned country and prohibitions on "U.S. persons" engaging in financial transactions relating to making investments in, or providing investment-related advice or assistance to, a sanctioned country; and (ii) a blocking of assets in which the government or specially designated nationals of the sanctioned country have an interest, by prohibiting transfers of property subject to U.S. jurisdiction (including property in the possession or control of U.S. persons). Blocked assets (e.g., property and bank deposits) cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC. The Bank is responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of, and transactions with, such targets and countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal and reputational consequences 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 Transactions between depository institutions and their affiliates, including transactions between the Bank and the Company, are governed by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve s Regulation W promulgated thereunder. Generally, Section 23A limits the extent to which a depository institution and its subsidiaries may engage in "covered transactions" with any one affiliate to an amount equal to 10 of the depository institution s capital stock and surplus and contains an aggregate limit on all such transactions with all affiliates of an amount equal to 20 of the depository institution s capital stock and surplus. Section 23A also establishes specific collateral requirements for loans or extensions of credit to, or guarantees, acceptances or letters of credit issued on behalf of, an affiliate. Section 23B requires that covered transactions and a broad list of other specified transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the depository institution and its subsidiaries, as those for similar transactions with non-affiliates. 
 The Volcker Rule 
 Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act, commonly known as the "Volcker Rule," generally prohibits certain banking entities from engaging in short-term proprietary trading of financial instruments and from owning, sponsoring or having certain relationships with hedge funds or private equity funds (collectively, "covered funds"). The Regulatory Relief Act, discussed below, includes a provision exempting banking organizations with 10 billion or less in total consolidation assets, and total trading assets and trading liabilities that are 5 or less of total consolidated assets, from the Volcker Rule. Thus, the Company and the Bank are not currently subject to the Volcker Rule. 
 Concentration in Commercial Real Estate Lending 
 As a part of their regulatory oversight, the federal regulators have issued guidelines on sound risk management practices with respect to a financial institution s CRE lending activities. The guidelines identify certain concentration levels that, if exceeded, will expose the institution to additional supervisory analysis surrounding the institution s CRE concentration risk. The guidelines are designed to promote appropriate levels of capital and sound loan and risk management practices for institutions with a concentration of CRE loans. The Company s CRE concentrations are discussed in the "Risk Factors" section below. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Interstate Banking and Branching 
 Under the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1999 (the "Riegle-Neal Act"), a bank holding company may acquire banks in states other than its home state, subject to any state requirement that the bank has been organized and operating for a minimum period of time, not to exceed five years, and to certain deposit market-share limitations. Bank holding companies must be well capitalized and well managed, not merely adequately capitalized and adequately managed, in order to acquire a bank located outside of the bank holding company s home state. The Riegle-Neal Act also authorizes banks to merge across state lines, thereby creating interstate branches. 
 Colorado state law provides that a Colorado-chartered bank can establish a branch anywhere in Colorado provided that the branch is approved in advance by the CDB. The branch must also be approved by the FDIC. The approval process considers a number of factors, including financial history, capital adequacy, earnings prospects, character of management, needs of the community and consistency with corporate powers. The Dodd-Frank Act permits a national or state bank, with the approval of its regulator, to open a de novo branch in any state if the law of the state in which the branch is proposed would permit the establishment of the branch if the bank was charted in such state. 
 The Federal Reserve, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and FDIC jointly issued a final rule in 1997 that adopted uniform regulations implementing Section 109 of the Riegle-Neal Act. Section 109 which prohibits any bank from establishing or acquiring a branch or branches outside of its home state primarily for the purpose of deposit production. Congress enacted Section 109 to ensure that interstate branches would not take deposits from a community without the bank reasonably helping to meet the credit needs of that community. 
 Limitations on Incentive Compensation 
 In June 2016, several federal financial agencies (including the Federal Reserve and FDIC) re-proposed restrictions on incentive-based compensation pursuant to Section 956 of the Dodd-Frank Act for financial institutions with 1 billion or more in total consolidated assets. For institutions with at least 1 billion but less than 50 billion in total consolidated assets, the proposal would impose principles-based restrictions that are broadly consistent with existing interagency guidance on incentive-based compensation. Such institutions would be prohibited from entering into incentive compensation arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks by the institution (i) by providing an executive officer, employee, director, principal shareholder, or individuals who are "significant risk takers" with excessive compensation, fees, or benefits, or (ii) that could lead to material financial loss to the institution. The comment period for these proposed regulations has closed, but a final rule has not been published. Depending upon the outcome of the rule making process, the application of this rule to us could require us to revise our compensation strategy, increase our administrative costs and adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain qualified associates. 
 Cybersecurity 
 The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council ("FFIEC") requires financial institutions to design multiple layers of security controls to establish lines of defense and to ensure that their risk management processes also address the risk posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures to reliably authenticate customers accessing internet-based services of the financial institution. Further, a financial institution s management is expected to maintain sufficient business continuity management planning processes to ensure the rapid recovery, resumption, and maintenance of the institution s operations after a cyber-attack involving destructive malware. A financial institution is also expected to develop appropriate processes to enable recovery of data and business operations and address rebuilding network capabilities and restoring data if the institution or its critical service providers fall victim to this type of cyber-attack. If we fail to observe the regulatory guidance, we could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. 
 Additionally, the FDIC's Information Technology Risk Examination (InTREx) Program, based on the Uniform Rating System for Information Technology (URSIT), includes core modules for Audit, Management, Development and Acquisition, and Support and Delivery component ratings. If we fail to remain compliant with changing components of this regulation, we could be subject to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. 
 The FFIEC's examination procedures regarding overall business continuity management ("BCM") focus on enterprise-wide approaches that address technology, business operations, testing, and communication strategies critical to the continuity of the business. The BCM procedures describe principles and practices for information technology ("IT") and operations designed to achieve safety and soundness, consumer financial protection, and compliance with applicable 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 laws, regulations, and rules. Continued testing, training, and program updates ensure appropriate response to cyber and non-cyber, human and non-human disaster events. While we are compliant with BCM measures, the scope and severity of cyber and non-cyber, human, and non-human disaster events is unpredictable. 
 The Company has a robust pandemic plan, which covers disaster events similar to COVID-19 and includes detailed preparation, training, and testing that have been conducted over multiple years prior to COVID-19. This preparation includes a comprehensive, annual Business Impact Analysis. As such, the Company remains poised to react to a pandemic event; however, future pandemic strains may be unpredictable in scope and severity of impact. 
 The Federal Trade Commission's (FTC) Safeguard's Rule was updated effective January 2022. The safeguard provision of the FTC's Gramm-Leach Bliley Act (GLBA) requires the Bank to take steps to protect their clients' information. The law requires the Bank to create a written information security plan that outlines its strategy for protecting customer/client information. The Bank must have reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the security, confidentiality, and integrity of client information. The security measures must be commensurate with its size, scope of activities, sensitivity of the information in question, and the risk of data loss. While we are compliant with the FTC Safeguard's Rule, unforeseen risks and threats could challenge the strategy for protecting such information and the controls in place. 
 Cloud Adoption 
 The U.S. Treasury Department Office of Cybersecurity and Critical Infrastructure Protection (OCCIP) released a report on the current landscape of cloud adoption in December 2022. The report noted that financial institutions of all sizes are increasingly viewing cloud services as an important component of their technology program. The COVID-19 pandemic accelerated consumer demand for innovative offerings via digital channels, financial institution demand to accommodate remote work, and vendors favoring cloud-based offerings are all driving the trend in cloud adoption. Many larger financial institutions plan to adopt a hybrid model which includes both public and private cloud services and to have their own data centers. 
 Significant benefits such as redundancy, scalability, and security are supporting cloud adoption. Six main challenges were noted by the OCCIP, for greater adoption of cloud by financial institutions: i. transparency in conducting due diligence on Cloud Service Providers (CSPs); ii. gaps in expertise and tools as the growth of cloud service utilization outpaces the talent pool of technologists as well as the capability of financial institutions to validate rapid technological updates; iii. Exposure to potential operational incidents originating from CSPs; iv. Potential impact of market concentration in cloud service offerings on the financial services sector s ability to be resilient against a large system failure or data breach which could impact multiple financial institutions and their customers; v. the dynamics of smaller institutions being at a disadvantage in securing preferred contract terms given the current market concentration; and vi. The increasingly complex and diverse global landscape for cloud services providers and users to be compliant and to also be able to weather operational challenges with inconsistent regulatory frameworks. 
 
 Despite the challenges noted by the OCCIP, the Treasury Department intends to be guided by its Strategic Vision for Supporting the Resilience of the Financial Sector s Use of Cloud Services and will address issues that could impact operational resilience of the financial institution sector. The Company is currently exploring adoption of a Zero Trust Network Architecture and related cloud security infrastructure to support its migration to the cloud. Despite extensive due diligence with our technology and security advisors and the known benefits of cloud adoption, unforeseen risks and threats in cyberspace continue to evolve to challenge our cybersecurity controls. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 
 On January 1, 2021, Congress enacted the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), which included significant reforms to the U.S. anti-money laundering (AML) regime. The NDAA includes the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 (AML Act) and, within the AML Act, the Corporate Transparency Act (CTA). The AML Act seeks to strengthen, modernize, and streamline the existing AML regime by promoting innovation, regulatory reform, and industry engagement through forums, such as the Bank Secrecy Act Advisory Group (BSAAG) and FinCEN Exchange. The Act also calls for FinCEN to work closely with regulatory, national security, and law enforcement partners to identify risks and priorities and provide valuable feedback to the financial industry. The CTA establishes uniform beneficial ownership reporting requirements for corporations, limited liability companies, and other similar entities formed or registered to do business in the United States. Many provisions of the AML Act and the CTA require rulemaking or periodic reporting to Congress on implementation efforts, assessments, and findings. Some of the key requirements of the AML Act requires FinCEN to: (1) establish standards for the reporting of information on beneficial ownership, build an IT system to collect 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 and secure the data, and create access protocols; (2) establish national anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism priorities; (3) Enhancement of whistleblower provisions to provide for a robust whistleblower program and new anti-retaliation protections; (4) Review, and revise as appropriate, Currency Transaction Report (CTR) and Suspicious Activity Report (SAR) reporting requirements, and other existing Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) regulations and guidance; and (6) require law enforcement reporting to FinCEN on the use of BSA data, and establish procedures for additional feedback between FinCEN and financial institutions on the usefulness of SARs, and semi-annual publication of review of SAR activity and other BSA reports, including threat patterns, trends, and typologies. 
 Banks are not required to incorporate the AML/CFT Priorities into their risk based BSA compliance programs until the effective date of the final revised regulations. Nevertheless, in preparation for any new requirements when those final rules are published, the Bank is considering how it will incorporate the AML/CFT Priorities into its risk based BSA compliance program, by assessing the potential related risks associated with the products and services it offers the customers it serves, and the geographic areas in which it operates. 
 Changing Regulatory Structure and Future Legislation and Regulation 
 Congress may enact further legislation that affects the regulation of the financial services industry, and state legislatures may enact further legislation affecting the regulation of financial institutions chartered by or operating in these states. Federal and state regulatory agencies also periodically propose and adopt changes to their regulations or change the manner in which existing regulations are applied. We cannot predict the substance or impact of pending or future legislation or regulations, or the application thereof, although enactment of the proposed legislation could impact the regulatory structure under which the Company operates and may significantly increase costs, impede the efficiency of internal business processes, require an increase in regulatory capital, require modifications to the Company s business strategy, and limit the Company s ability to pursue business opportunities in an efficient manner. A change in statutes, regulations or regulatory policies applicable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries could have a material effect on our business. 
 Monetary Policy and Economic Environment 
 The policies of regulatory authorities, including the monetary policy of the Federal Reserve, can have a significant effect on the operating results of bank holding companies and their subsidiaries. Among the means available to the Federal Reserve to affect the money supply are open market operations in United States government securities, changes in the discount rate on member bank borrowings, and changes in reserve requirements against member bank deposits. These means are used in varying combinations to influence overall financial stability of the economy which in turn stimulates need for growth and distribution of bank loans, investments, and deposits, and their use may affect interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits as well as overall risk for banks and in turn, bank holding companies. 
 The Federal Reserve s monetary policies have materially affected the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. The nature of future monetary policies and the effects of these policies on the Bank s business and earnings cannot be predicted. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business and results of operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect the Company are described below. Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of, or that management currently deems immaterial, may also impair the Company s business operations. This report is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen, the value of our securities could decline significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Some statements in the following risk factors constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks that we believe could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations: 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 Geographic concentration in Colorado, Arizona, Wyoming, California, and Montana. 
 Negative changes in the economy affecting real estate values and liquidity could impair the value of collateral securing our real estate loans and result in loan and other losses. 
 Changes in interest rates could reduce our net interest margins and net interest income. 
 If we are unable to continue to originate residential real estate loans and sell them into the secondary market for a profit, our earnings could decrease. 
 Our commercial loan portfolio involves risks specific to commercial borrowers. 
 We may be subject to claims and litigation pertaining to our fiduciary responsibilities. 
 We may be adversely affected by the soundness of certain securities brokerage firms. 
 The investment management contracts we have with our clients are terminable without cause and on relatively short notice by our clients. 
 Changes to the level or type of investment activity by our clients may reduce our fee revenue. 
 The trust wealth management fees we receive may decrease as a result of poor investment performance, in either relative or absolute terms, which could decrease our revenues and net earnings. 
 We may be adversely impacted by the transition from LIBOR as a reference rate and the uncertainty related to one or more alternative reference rates intended to replace LIBOR. 
 Our allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses. 
 Our business and operations may be adversely affected in numerous and complex ways by external business disruptors in the financial services industry 
 Liquidity risk could adversely affect our ability to fund operations and hurt our financial condition. 
 We may not be able to maintain a strong core deposit base or other low-cost funding sources. 
 We receive substantial deposits and assets under management as a result of referrals by professionals, such as attorneys, accountants, and doctors, and such referrals are dependent upon the continued positive interaction with and financial health of those referral sources. 
 Our largest trust client accounts for 36.4 of our total assets under management. 
 The success of our business depends on achieving our strategic objectives, including through acquisitions which may not increase our profitability and may adversely affect our future operating results. 
 We face intense competition from other banks and financial institutions and other wealth and investment management firms that could hurt our business. 
 We may not be successful in implementing our internal growth strategy or be able to manage the risks associated with our anticipated growth through opening new boutique private trust bank offices, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our goodwill or other intangible assets may become impaired. 
 We are required to make significant estimates and assumptions in the preparation of our financial statements and our estimates and assumptions may not be accurate. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Fraud, breaches of our information security, and cybersecurity attacks could adversely affect us. 
 We rely on communications, information, operating and financial control systems technology and related services from third-party service providers and we may suffer an interruption in those systems. 
 Our ability to attract and retain clients and key associates could be adversely affected if our reputation is harmed. 
 We may incur significant losses due to ineffective risk management processes and strategies. 
 New lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risks. 
 We rely on customer and counterparty information, which subjects us to risks if that information is not accurate or is incomplete. 
 A future pandemic could adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 Economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes could adversely affect us. 
 Risks Related to Our Regulatory Environment 
 The financial services industry is highly regulated and our failure to comply with any current or future regulation may adversely affect us. 
 Federal and state banking agencies periodically conduct examinations of our business, including compliance with laws and regulations, and our failure to comply with any supervisory actions which we are, or may become, subject to as a result of such examinations may adversely affect us. 
 We are subject to stringent capital requirements. 
 The level of our commercial real estate loan portfolio may subject us to heightened regulatory scrutiny. 
 We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the Community Reinvestment Act and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. 
 We face a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. 
 Regulations relating to privacy, information security and data protection could increase our costs, affect or limit how we collect and use personal information and adversely affect our business opportunities. 
 We can be subject to legal and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries related to conduct risk. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 
 The trading volume in our common stock is less than other larger financial institutions. 
 The obligations associated with being a public company require significant resources and management attention, which will increase our costs of operations and may divert focus from our business operations. 
 If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately and timely. 
 Securities analysts may not initiate or continue coverage on us. 
 Our management and board of directors have significant control over our business. 
 We may issue new debt securities, which would be senior to our common stock and may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 Our common stock is subordinate to our existing and future indebtedness, and is effectively subordinated to all the indebtedness and other non-common equity claims against our subsidiaries. 
 We may issue shares of preferred stock in the future, which could make it difficult for another company to acquire us or could otherwise adversely affect holders of our common stock, which could depress the price of our common stock. 
 We are dependent upon the Bank for cash flow, and the Bank s ability to make cash distributions is restricted. 
 Our corporate organizational documents and provisions of federal and state law to which we are subject contain certain provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, make more difficult or prevent an attempted acquisition that you may favor or an attempted replacement of our board of directors or management. 
 An investment in our common stock is not an insured deposit and is subject to risk of loss. 
 The market price of our common stock may be subject to substantial fluctuations and significant declines. 
 The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive. This summary of risk factors should be read in conjunction with the more detailed risk factors below. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Business 
 Our banking, trust and wealth advisory operations are geographically concentrated in Colorado, Arizona, Wyoming California, and Montana, leading to significant exposure to those markets. 
 Our business activities and credit exposure, including real estate collateral for many of our loans, are concentrated in Colorado, Arizona, Wyoming, California, and Montana. As of December 31, 2022 , 83.6 of the loans in our loan portfolio were made to borrowers who live in or conduct business in those states. This geographic concentration imposes risks from lack of geographic diversification. Difficult economic conditions, including state and local government deficits, in Colorado, Arizona, Wyoming, California, and Montana may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, where adverse economic developments, among other things, could affect the volume of loan originations, increase the level of nonperforming assets, increase the rate of foreclosure losses on loans and reduce the value of our loans and loan servicing portfolio. Any regional or local economic downturn that affects Colorado, Arizona, Wyoming, California, and Montana or existing or prospective borrowers or property values in such areas may affect us and our profitability more significantly and more adversely than our competitors whose operations are less geographically concentrated. This includes a sustained downturn in the oil and gas market, which is important for the general economic health of Colorado in particular. A prolonged period of low oil prices could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Because a significant portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of real estate loans, negative changes in the economy affecting real estate values and liquidity could impair the value of collateral securing our real estate loans and result in loan and other losses. 
 As of December 31, 2022 , approxi mately 1.91 billion, or 77.9 , of our t otal loans were loans with real estate as a primary or secondary component of collateral. The repayment of such loans is highly dependent on the ability of the borrowers to meet their loan repayment obligations to us, which can be adversely affected by economic downturns that can lead to (i) declines in the rents and, therefore, in the cash flows generated by those real properties on which the borrowers depend to fund their loan payments to us, (ii) decreases in the values of those real properties, which make it more difficult for the borrowers to sell those real properties for amounts sufficient to repay their loans in full, and (iii) job losses of residential home buyers, which makes it more difficult for these borrowers to fund their loan payments. As a result, our operating results are more vulnerable to adverse changes in the real estate market than other financial institutions with more diversified loan portfolios, and we could incur losses in the event of changes in economic conditions that disproportionately affect the real estate markets. 
 Real estate values in many of our markets have generally experienced periods of fluctuation over the last five years. The market value of real estate can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time. As a result, adverse developments affecting real estate values and the liquidity of real estate in our primary markets could increase the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio, and could result in losses that adversely affect credit quality, financial condition and results of operations. Negative changes in the economy affecting real estate values and liquidity in our market areas could significantly impair the value of property pledged as collateral on loans and affect our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure without a loss or additional losses or our ability to sell these loans on the secondary securitization market. Such declines and losses would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If real estate values decline, it is also more likely that we would be required to increase our allowance for loan losses, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, adverse weather events, including wildfires, flooding, and mudslides, can cause damages to the property pledged as collateral on loans, which could result in additional losses upon a foreclosure. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in interest rates could reduce our net interest margins and net interest income. 
 Interest rates are key drivers of our net interest margin and subject to many factors beyond our control. Income and cash flows from our banking operations depend to a great extent on the difference or "spread" between the interest we earn on interest-earning assets, such as loans and investment securities, and the rates at which we pay interest on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. As interest rates change, net interest income is affected. Rapidly increasing interest rates in the future could result in interest expense increasing faster than interest income because of a divergence in financial instrument maturities or competitive pressures. Further, substantially higher interest rates generally reduce loan demand and may result in slower loan growth. Decreases or increases in interest rates could have a negative effect on the spreads between the interest rates earned on assets and the rates of interest paid on liabilities, and therefore decrease net interest income. Also, changes in interest rates might also impact the values of equity and debt securities under management and administration, which may have a negative impact on fee income. 
 Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including (among others) general and regional and local economic conditions, the monetary policies of the Federal Reserve, bank regulatory requirements, competition from other banks and financial institutions and a change over time in the mix of our loans and investment securities, on the one hand, and on our deposits and other liabilities, on the other hand. Changes in monetary policy will, in particular, influence the origination and market value of and the yields we can realize on loans and investment securities, and the interest we pay on deposits. Additionally, sustained low or high levels of market interest rates could continue to impact our net interest margins and, therefore, our earnings. 
 Our net interest margins and earnings also could be adversely affected if we are unable to adjust our interest rates on loans and deposits on a timely basis in response to changes in economic conditions or monetary policies. For example, if the rates of interest we pay on deposits, borrowings and other interest-bearing liabilities increase faster than we are able to increase the rates of interest we charge on loans or the yields we realize on investments and other interest-earning assets, our net interest income and, therefore, our earnings will decrease. In particular, the rates of interest we charge on loans may be subject to longer fixed interest periods compared to the interest we must pay on deposits. On the other hand, increasing interest rates generally lead to increases in net interest income; however, such increases also may result in a reduction in loan originations, declines in loan prepayment rates and reductions in the ability of borrowers to repay their current loan obligations, which could result in increased loan defaults and charge-offs and could require increases to our allowance for loan losses, thereby offsetting either partially or totally the increases in net interest income resulting from the increase in interest rates. Additionally, we could be prevented from increasing the interest rates we charge on loans or from reducing the interest rates we offer on deposits due to "price" competition from other banks and financial institutions with which we compete. Conversely, in a declining interest rate environment, our earnings could be adversely affected if the interest rates we are able to charge on loans or other investments decline more quickly than those we pay on deposits and borrowings. 
 If we are unable to continue to originate residential real estate loans and sell them into the secondary market for a profit, our earnings could decrease. 
 We derive a portion of our non-interest income from the origination of residential real estate loans and the subsequent sale of such loans into the secondary market. If we are unable to continue to originate and sell residential real estate loans at historical or greater levels, our residential real estate loan volume would decrease, which could decrease our earnings. A rising interest rate environment, general economic conditions, market volatility, or other factors beyond our control could adversely affect our ability to originate residential real estate loans. The financial services industry is experiencing an increase in regulations and compliance requirements related to mortgage loan originations necessitating technology upgrades and other changes. If new regulations continue to increase and we are unable to make technology upgrades, our ability to originate mortgage loans will be reduced or eliminated. Additionally, we sell a large portion of our residential real estate loans to third-party investors, and rising interest rates could negatively affect our ability to generate suitable profits on the sale of such loans. If interest rates increase after we originate the loans, our ability to market those loans is impaired as the profitability on the loans decreases. These fluctuations can have an adverse effect on the revenue we generate from residential real estate loans and in certain instances, could result in a loss on the sale of the loans. 
 Further, for the mortgage loans we sell in the secondary market, the mortgage loan sales contracts contain indemnification clauses should the loans default, generally within the first 90 120 days, or if documentation is determined not to be in compliance with regulations. While the Company has had no historic losses as a result of these indemnities, we could be required to repurchase the mortgage loans or reimburse the purchaser of our loans for losses incurred. Both of these situations could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our mortgage lending activities and negatively impact our net income. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Our loan portfolio includes a significant number of commercial loans, which involve risks specific to commercial borrowers. 
 Our loan portfolio includes a significant amount of commercial real estate loans and commercial lines of credit. Our typical commercial borrower is a small or medium-sized privately owned Colorado business entity. Our commercial loans typically have greater credit risks than standard residential mortgage or consumer loans because commercial loans often have larger balances, and repayment usually depends on the borrowers successful business operations. Commercial loans also involve some additional risk because they generally are not fully repaid over the loan period and thus may require refinancing or a large payoff at maturity. If the general economy turns substantially downward, commercial borrowers may not be able to repay their loans, and the value of their assets, which are usually pledged as collateral, may decrease rapidly and significantly. Also, when credit markets tighten due to adverse developments in specific markets or the general economy, opportunities for refinancing may become more expensive or unavailable, resulting in loan defaults. 
 We may be subject to claims and litigation pertaining to our fiduciary responsibilities. 
 Some of the services we provide, such as trust and investment services, require us to act as fiduciaries for our clients and others. From time to time, third parties make claims and take legal action against us pertaining to the performance of our fiduciary responsibilities. If these claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner favorable to us, we may be exposed to significant financial liability or our reputation could be damaged. Either of these results may adversely impact demand for our products and services or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We may be adversely affected by the soundness of certain securities brokerage firms. 
 We do not provide custodial services for our clients. Instead, client investment accounts are maintained under custodial arrangements with large, well established securities brokerage firms or bank institutions that provide custodial services (collectively, "brokerage firms"), either directly or through arrangements made by us with those firms. As a result, the performance of, or even rumors or questions about the integrity or performance of, any of those brokerage firms could adversely affect the confidence of our clients in the services provided by those firms or otherwise adversely impact their custodial holdings. Such an occurrence could negatively impact our ability to retain existing or attract new clients and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The investment management contracts we have with our clients are terminable without cause and on relatively short notice by our clients, which makes us vulnerable to short-term declines in the performance of the securities under our management. 
 Like most investment advisory and wealth management businesses, the investment advisory contracts we have with our clients are typically terminable by the client without cause upon less than 30 days notice. As a result, even short-term declines in the performance of the securities we manage, which can result from factors outside our control, such as adverse changes in market or economic condition or the poor performance of some of the investments we have recommended to our clients, could lead some of our clients to move assets under our management to other asset classes such as broad index funds or treasury securities, or to investment advisors which have investment product offerings or investment strategies different than ours. Therefore, our operating results are heavily dependent on the financial performance of our investment portfolios and the investment strategies we employ in our investment advisory businesses and even short-term declines in the performance of the investment portfolios we manage for our clients, whatever the cause, could result in a decline in assets under management and a corresponding decline in investment management fees, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Fee revenue represents a significant portion of our consolidated revenue and is subject to decline, among other things, in the event of a reduction in, or changes to, the level or type of investment activity by our clients. 
 A significant portion of our revenue results from fee-based services related to wealth advisory, private banking, personal trust, investment management, mortgage lending and institutional asset management services to derive revenue. This contrasts with many commercial banks that may rely more heavily on interest-based sources of revenue, such as loans. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , non-interest income represented approximately 26.3 of our total income before non-interest expense. The level of these fees is influenced by several factors, including the mix and volume of our assets under custody and administration and our assets under management, the value and type of securities positions held (with 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 respect to assets under custody) and the volume of portfolio transactions, and the types of products and services used by our clients. 
 In addition, our clients include institutional investors, such as mutual funds, collective investment funds, hedge funds and other investment pools, corporate and public retirement plans, insurance companies, foundations, endowments and investment managers. Economic, market or other factors that reduce the level or rates of savings in or with those institutions, either through reductions in financial asset valuations or through changes in investor preferences, could materially reduce our fee revenue or have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. These clients also, by their nature, are often able to exert considerable market influence, and this, combined with strong competitive forces in the markets for our services, has resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant pressure to reduce the fees we charge for our services in both our asset servicing and asset management business lines. 
 The trust wealth management fees we receive may decrease as a result of poor investment performance, in either relative or absolute terms, which could decrease our revenues and net earnings. 
 We derive a significant amount of our revenues primarily from investment management fees based on assets under management. Our ability to maintain or increase assets under management is subject to a number of factors, including investors perception of our past performance, in either relative or absolute terms, market and economic conditions, including changes in oil and gas prices, and competition from investment management companies. Financial markets are affected by many factors, all of which are beyond our control, including general economic conditions, including changes in oil and gas prices; securities market conditions; the level and volatility of interest rates and equity prices; competitive conditions; liquidity of global markets; international and regional political conditions; regulatory and legislative developments; monetary and fiscal policy; investor sentiment; availability and cost of capital; technological changes and events; outcome of legal proceedings; changes in currency values; inflation; credit ratings; and the size, volume and timing of transactions. A decline in the fair value of the assets under management, caused by a decline in general economic conditions, would decrease our wealth management fee income. 
 Investment performance is one of the most important factors in retaining existing clients and competing for new wealth management clients. Poor investment performance could reduce our revenues and impair our growth in the following ways: 
 Existing clients may withdraw funds from our wealth management business in favor of better performing products; 
 Asset-based management fees could decline from a decrease in assets under management; 
 Our ability to attract funds from existing and new clients might diminish; and 
 Our portfolio managers may depart, to join a competitor or otherwise. 
 Even when market conditions are generally favorable, our investment performance may be adversely affected by the investment style of our asset managers and the particular investments that they make. To the extent our future investment performance is perceived to be poor in either relative or absolute terms, the revenues and profitability of our wealth management business will likely be reduced and our ability to attract new clients will likely be impaired. As such, fluctuations in the equity and debt markets can have a direct impact upon our net earnings. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 We may be adversely impacted by the transition from LIBOR as a reference rate and the uncertainty related to one or more alternative reference rates intended to replace LIBOR. 
 In 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority announced that the publication of 1-week and 2-month US dollar London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") will cease after December 31, 2021, and the publication of all other US dollar LIBOR settings will cease or be deemed unrepresentative after June 30, 2023. This announcement indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after June 2023. The Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") has been identified by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ("ARRC" a group of private-market participants convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York) as the rate that represents best practice for use in certain new USD derivatives and other financial contracts. To support the transition to SOFR, the ARRC developed the Paced Transition Plan, with specific steps and timelines designed to encourage adoption of SOFR. In order to develop sufficient liquidity, the ARRC is focused on supporting the launch and usage of SOFR-based financial products in the market and creating a forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 The language in our contracts and financial instruments that define and use LIBOR have developed over time and have various events that trigger when a successor rate to the designated rate would be selected. If a trigger is satisfied, contracts and financial instruments often give the calculation agent (which may be us) discretion over the successor rate or benchmark to be selected. As a result, there is considerable uncertainty as to how the financial services industry will address the discontinuance of designated rates in contracts and financial instruments or such designated rates ceasing to be acceptable reference rates. This uncertainty could ultimately result in client disputes and litigation surrounding the proper interpretation of our LIBOR-based contracts and financial instruments. 
 We have a significant number of loans and borrowings with attributes that are either directly or indirectly dependent on LIBOR. The transition from LIBOR could create considerable costs and additional risk. Since proposed alternative rates are calculated differently, payments under contracts referencing new rates will differ from those referencing LIBOR. The transition will change our market risk profiles, requiring changes to risk and pricing models, valuation tools, product design and hedging strategies. Furthermore, failure to adequately manage this transition process with our clients could adversely impact our reputation. Although we are currently unable to assess what the ultimate impact of the transition from LIBOR will be, failure to adequately manage the transition could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses and t he implementation of the Current Expected Credit Loss accounting standard could require the Company to increase its allowance for credit losses and may have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations . 
 In accordance with regulatory requirements and GAAP, we maintain an allowance for loan losses to provide for incurred loan and lease losses and a reserve for unfunded loan commitments. Our allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to absorb actual loan losses, and future provisions for loan losses could materially and adversely affect our operating results. Our allowance for loan losses is based on prior experience and an evaluation of the risks inherent in our then-current portfolio. The amount of future losses may also vary depending on changes in economic, operating and other conditions, including changes in interest rates that may be beyond our control, and these losses may exceed current estimates. Federal and state regulators, as an integral part of their examination process, review our loans and leases and allowance for loan losses. While we believe our allowance for loan losses is appropriate for the risk identified in our loan and lease portfolio, we may need to increase the allowance for loan losses, such increases may not be sufficient to address losses, and regulators may require us to increase this allowance even further. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. ASU 2016-13 replaces the incurred loss model with an expected loss model, which is referred to as the current expected credit loss model, or CECL. On July 17, 2019, the FASB voted to delay CECL implementation for certain companies including smaller reporting companies ("SRCs") as defined by the SEC. The Company is designated as a SRC with the SEC. The proposed delay by FASB was subject to a comment period. At the October 16, 2019 FASB meeting, the FASB voted unanimously to delay the effective date of CECL adoption for SRCs to January 1, 2023. CECL requires a change in the model to recognize a valuation allowance based on estimated expected credit losses over the life of the portfolio, compared to the probable incurred loss model. The change to the CECL framework will require the Company to greatly increase the data the Company must collect and review to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses. The adoption of CECL may result in greater volatility in the level of the allowance for credit losses, depending on various factors and assumptions applied in the model, such as the forecasted 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 economic conditions in the foreseeable future and loan payment behaviors. Any increase in the allowance for credit losses, or expenses incurred to determine the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses, may have an adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. Based on preliminary results, the Company expects its allowance for credit losses ("ACL") coverage ratio to be within a range of approximately 75-90 bps of total loans and 30-45 bps coverage on off-balance sheet commitments. The Company will implement the new standard beginning January 1, 2023. 
 Our business and operations may be adversely affected in numerous and complex ways by external business disruptors in the financial services industry. 
 The financial services industry is undergoing rapid change, as technology enables non-traditional new entrants to compete in certain segments of the banking market, in some cases with reduced regulation. New entrants may use new technologies, advanced data and analytic tools, lower cost to serve, reduced regulatory burden or faster processes to challenge traditional banks. For example, new business models have been observed in retail payments, consumer and commercial lending, foreign exchange and low-cost investment advisory services. While we closely monitor business disruptors and seek to adapt to changing technologies, matching the pace of innovation exhibited by new and differently situated competitors may require us and policy-makers to adapt at a greater pace. 
 Liquidity risk could adversely affect our ability to fund operations and hurt our financial condition. 
 Liquidity is essential to our banking business, as we use cash to make loans and purchase investment securities and other interest-earning assets and to fund deposit withdrawals that occur in the ordinary course of our business. Our principal sources of liquidity include earnings, deposits, repayment by clients of loans we have made to them, and the proceeds from sales by us of our equity securities or from borrowings that we may obtain. Potential alternative sources of liquidity include the sale of loans, the acquisition of national market non-core deposits, the issuance of additional collateralized borrowings such as FHLB advances, access to the Federal Reserve discount window and the issuance of additional equity securities. If our ability to obtain funds from these sources becomes limited or the costs of those funds increase, whether due to factors that affect us specifically, including our financial performance, or due to factors that affect the financial services industry in general, including weakening economic conditions or negative views and expectations about the prospects, safety, soundness or security of the financial services industry as a whole, then our ability to fund our operations, maintain our financial condition and grow our banking and investment advisory and trust businesses would be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may not be able to maintain a strong core deposit base or other low-cost funding sources. 
 We depend on checking and savings deposit account balances and other forms of client deposits as our primary source of funding for our lending activities. Our business depends on our ability to maintain and grow a strong deposit base, including our ability to retain our largest trust clients, many of whom are also depositors, which we may not be able to do. A deterioration in economic conditions or the loss of confidence in financial institutions may result in deposit outflows, increase our cost of funding and limit our access to some of our customary sources of liquidity, including, but not limited to, inter-bank borrowings and borrowings from the Federal Reserve and FHLB. In addition, account and deposit balances may decrease when clients perceive alternative investments, such as the stock market or real estate, as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. Furthermore, the portion of our deposit portfolio that is comprised of large uninsured deposits may be more likely to be withdrawn rapidly under adverse economic conditions. If our clients, including our trust clients, move money out of bank deposits, into investments or to other financial institutions, we could lose a relatively low cost source of funds, increasing our funding costs and reducing our net interest income and net income. We also have increased risks from losses of bank deposit clients due to the large deposits we hold from certain clients. For example, as of December 31, 2022, 26.0 o f our total deposits consisted of o ur 10 lar gest depositors. Loss of any one of these deposit clients would have an outsized impact on our results of operations. Additionally, any such loss of funds could result in lower loan originations, which could materially negatively impact our growth strategy. 
 We receive substantial deposits and assets under management as a result of referrals by professionals, such as attorneys, accountants, and doctors, and such referrals are dependent upon the continued positive interaction with and financial health of those referral sources. 
 Many of our deposit clients and clients of our private trust bank offices are individuals involved in professional vocations, such as lawyers, accountants, and doctors. These clients are a significant source of referrals for new clients in 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 both the deposit and wealth management areas. If we fail to adequately serve these professional clients with our deposit services, lending, and wealth management products, this source of referrals may diminish, which could have a negative impact on our results. Further, if the economy in the geographic areas that we serve is negatively impacted, the amount of deposits and services that these professional individuals will utilize and the amount of referrals that they will make may decrease, which may have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our largest trust client accounts for 36.4 of our total assets under management. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our largest trust client accounted for, in the aggregate, 36.4 of our total assets under management and 2.6 of our non-interest income. As a result, a material decrease in the volume of those trust assets by that client could materially reduce our assets under management, which would adversely affect our non-interest income and, therefore, our results of operations. 
 The success of our business depends on achieving our strategic objectives, including through acquisitions which may not increase our profitability and may adversely affect our future operating results. 
 Since we commenced our banking business in 2004, we have grown our banking franchise and now hav e nineteen locations in Colorado, Arizona, Wyoming, California and Montana including a centralized operations center in downtown Denver. We plan to continue to grow our banking business both organically and through acquisitions of other banks and financial service providers, which may include entry into new markets. However, the implementation of our growth strategy poses a number of risks for us, including that: 
 Any newly established offices may not generate revenues in amounts sufficient to cover the start-up costs of those offices, which would reduce our earnings; 
 Acquisitions we might consummate in the future may prove not to be accretive to or may reduce our earnings if we do not realize anticipated cost savings, or if we incur unanticipated costs in integrating the acquired businesses into our operations or if a substantial number of the clients of any of the acquired businesses move their business to our competitors; 
 Such expansion efforts will divert management time and effort from our existing banking operations, which could adversely affect our future financial performance; and 
 Additional capital which we may need to support our growth or the issuance of shares in any acquisitions will be dilutive of the investments that our existing shareholders have in the shares of our common stock that they own and in their respective percentage ownership interests they have in the Company. 
 We face intense competition from other banks and financial institutions and other wealth and investment management firms that could hurt our business. 
 We conduct our business operations in markets where the banking business is highly competitive and is dominated by large multi-state and in-state banks with operations and offices covering wide geographic areas. We also compete with other financial service businesses, including investment advisory and wealth management firms, mutual fund companies, financial technology companies, and securities brokerage and investment banking firms that offer competitive banking and financial products and services as well as products and services that we do not offer. Larger banks and many of those other financial service organizations have greater financial and marketing resources than we do that enable them to conduct extensive advertising campaigns and to shift resources to regions or activities of greater potential profitability. They also have substantially more capital and higher lending limits than we do, which enable them to attract larger clients and offer financial products and services that we are unable to offer, putting us at a disadvantage in competing with them for loans and deposits and investment management clients. If we are unable to compete effectively with those banking or other financial services businesses, we could find it more difficult to attract new and retain existing clients and our net interest margins, net interest income and investment management fees could decline, which would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, and could cause us to incur losses in the future. 
 In addition, our ability to successfully attract and retain investment advisory and wealth management clients is dependent on our ability to compete with competitors investment products, level of investment performance, client services and marketing and distribution capabilities. If we are not successful in retaining existing and attracting new 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 investment management clients, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 
 We may not be successful in implementing our internal growth strategy or be able to manage the risks associated with our anticipated growth through opening new boutique private trust bank offices, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business strategy includes pursuing organic and internal growth and evaluating strategic opportunities to grow through opening new boutique private trust bank offices. We believe that banking location expansion has been meaningful to our growth since inception. We intend to pursue an organic growth strategy in addition to our acquisition strategy, the success of which is dependent on our ability to generate an increasing level of loans, deposits and assets under management at acceptable risk levels without incurring corresponding increases in non-interest expense. Opening new offices carries with it certain potential risks, including significant startup costs and anticipated initial operating losses; an inability to gain regulatory approval; an inability to secure the services of qualified senior management to operate the new offices and successfully integrate and promote our corporate culture; poor market reception for our new offices established in markets where we do not have a preexisting reputation; challenges posed by local economic conditions; challenges associated with securing attractive locations at a reasonable cost; and the additional strain on management resources and internal systems and controls. Further, we may not be successful in our organic growth strategies generally due to, among other factors, delays in introducing and implementing new products and services and other impediments resulting from regulatory oversight, lack of qualified personnel at existing locations. In addition, the success of our internal growth strategy will depend on maintaining sufficient regulatory capital levels and on favorable economic conditions in our primary market areas. Failure to adequately manage the risks associated with our anticipated growth, including growth through creating new boutique private trust bank offices, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 We may be required to recognize a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Goodwill and purchased intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized but are reviewed for impairment annually and more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Our annual goodwill impairment assessment date for the Company s reporting units is October 31. Goodwill impairment testing includes an assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether certain circumstances or events exist that lead to a determination that the fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying value. This qualitative assessment includes various factors that could affect the reporting unit s fair value as well as mitigating events or conditions. One such factor that could impact the assessment are the conditions within the markets that trade the Company s stock. The assessment of each reporting unit compares the aggregate fair value to its carrying value, along with several valuation assumptions and methods in order to determine if any impairment was triggered as of the measurement date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the results of impairment testing on our intangible assets will have no impact on our tangible book value or regulatory capital levels. There is no guarantee that we may not be forced to recognize impairment charges in the future as operating and economic conditions change or as part of strategic divestitures. The recognition of a significant charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements resulting from any impairment of our goodwill or other intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are required to make significant estimates and assumptions in the preparation of our financial statements and our estimates and assumptions may not be accurate. 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires our management to make significant estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of income and expense during the reporting periods. Critical estimates are made by management in determining, among other things, the allowance for loan losses, amounts of impairment of assets, fair values, intangibles, and valuation of income taxes. If our underlying estimates and assumptions prove to be incorrect, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. Additionally, the adoption of CECL methodology for determining our allowance for credit losses in 2023 is expected to increase the complexity, and associated risk, of the analysis and processes relying on management judgment. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The occurrence of fraudulent activity, breaches of our information security, and cybersecurity attacks could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business, manage our exposure to risk or expand our businesses, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, increase our costs to maintain and update our operational and security systems and infrastructure, and adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause legal or reputational harm. 
 As a financial institution, we are susceptible to fraudulent activity, information security breaches and cybersecurity-related incidents that may be committed against us, our clients, or third parties with whom we interact and that may result in financial losses or increased costs to us or our clients, disclosure or misuse of confidential information belonging to us or personal or confidential information belonging to our clients, misappropriation of assets, litigation, or damage to our reputation. Our industry has seen increases in electronic fraudulent activity, hacking, security breaches, sophisticated social engineering and cyber-attacks within the financial services industry, including in the commercial banking sector, as cyber-criminals have been targeting commercial bank and brokerage accounts on an increasing basis. 
 Our business is highly dependent on the security and efficacy of our infrastructure, computer and data management systems, as well as those of third parties with whom we interact or on whom we rely. Our business relies on the secure processing, transmission, storage and retrieval of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks, and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. In addition, to access our network, products and services, our clients and other third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of our network environment and are subject to their own cybersecurity risks. All of these factors increase our risks related to cyber-threats and electronic disruptions. 
 In addition to well-known risks related to fraudulent activity, which take many forms, such as check "kiting" or fraud, wire fraud, and other dishonest acts, cybersecurity and privacy considerations could impact the Company's business . In the current environment there are numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity and privacy, including criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, employee malfeasance, and human or technological error. Computer hackers and others routinely attempt to breach the security of technology products, services and systems to fraudulently induce associates, clients, and other third parties to disclose information or unwittingly provide access to systems or data. The risk of such attacks to the Company includes attempted breaches not only of our own products, services, and systems, but also those of clients, contractors, business partners, vendors, and other third parties. 
 The Company's products, services, and systems may be used in critical Company, client, or third-party operations, or involve the storage, processing, and transmission of sensitive data, including valuable intellectual property, other proprietary or confidential data, regulated data, and personal information of associates, clients, and others. Successful breaches, associate malfeasance, or human or technological error could result in, for example, unauthorized access to, disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, or destruction of Company, client, or other third party data or systems; theft of sensitive, regulated, or confidential data including personal information and intellectual property; the loss of access to critical data or systems through ransomware, destructive attacks, or other means; and business delays, service or system disruptions, or denials of service. In the event of such actions, the Company, its clients, and other third parties could be exposed to potential liability, litigation, and regulatory or other government action, as well as the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to brand and reputation, and other financial loss. In addition, the cost and operational consequences of responding to breaches and implementing remediation measures could be significant. The Company also experiences and responds to cybersecurity threats. 
 Although we have not experienced a material cybersecurity event to date, there is no assurance that there will not be a cybersecurity attack resulting in material adverse effect in the future. As the Company's business and the cybersecurity landscape evolve, the Company may also find it necessary to make significant further investments to protect data and infrastructure, such as cloud technology, which may have further risks. In addition, the fast-paced, evolving, pervasive, and sophisticated nature of certain cyber threats and vulnerabilities, as well as the scale and complexity of the business and infrastructure, make it possible that certain threats or vulnerabilities will be undetected or unmitigated in time to prevent an attack on the Company and its clients. Cybersecurity risk to the Company and its clients will also depend on factors such as actions, practices, and investments of clients, contractors, business partners, vendors, and other third parties. Cyber-attacks or other catastrophic events resulting in disruptions to or failures in power, information technology, communication systems, or other critical infrastructure could result in interruptions or delays to Company, client, or other third party operations or services, financial loss, injury to persons or property, potential liability, and damage to brand and reputation. Although the Company takes significant steps to mitigate cybersecurity risk across a range of functions, such measures can never eliminate the risk entirely or provide absolute security. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on communications, information, operating and financial control systems technology and related services from third-party service providers and we may suffer an interruption in those systems. 
 We also face indirect technology, cybersecurity and operational risks relating to the third parties with whom we do business or upon whom we rely to facilitate or enable our business activities. In addition to clients, the third parties with whom we interact and upon whom we rely include financial counterparties; financial intermediaries such as clearing agents, exchanges and clearing houses; vendors; regulators; providers of critical infrastructure such as internet access and electrical power; and other parties for whom we process transactions. Each of these third parties faces the risk of cyber-attack, information breach or loss, or technology failure. Any such cyber-attack, information breach or loss, or technology failure of a third party could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk or expand our businesses. Additionally, interruptions in service and security breaches could damage our reputation, lead existing clients to terminate their business relationships with us, make it more difficult for us to attract new clients and subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and possibly financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our ability to attract and retain clients and key associates could be adversely affected if our reputation is harmed. 
 Our ability to attract and retain clients and key associates could be adversely affected if our reputation is harmed. Any actual or perceived failure to address various issues could cause reputational harm, including a failure to address any of the following types of issues: legal and regulatory requirements; the proper maintenance or protection of the privacy of client and employee financial or other personal information; record keeping deficiencies or errors; money-laundering; and potential conflicts of interest or ethical issues. Moreover, any failure to appropriately address any issues of this nature could give rise to additional regulatory restrictions, and legal risks, which could lead to costly litigation or subject us to enforcement actions, fines, or penalties and cause us to incur related costs and expenses. In addition, our banking, investment advisory and wealth management businesses are dependent on the integrity of our banking personnel and our investment advisory and wealth managers. Lapses in integrity could cause reputational harm to our businesses that could lead to the loss of existing clients and make it more difficult for us to attract new clients and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may incur significant losses due to ineffective risk management processes and strategies. 
 We seek to monitor and control our risk exposures through a comprehensive risk and control framework encompassing a variety of separate but complementary financial, credit, transactional, operational, cyber, and regulatory systems, and internal control and management testing and review processes. However, those systems and review processes and the judgments that accompany their application may not be effective and, as a result, we may not anticipate every economic and financial outcome in all market environments or the specifics and timing of such outcomes, particularly in the event of the kinds of dislocations in market conditions experienced in recent years, which highlight the limitations inherent in using historical data to manage risk. If those systems and review processes prove to be ineffective in identifying and managing risks, or testing scenarios reveal real-life failures of technology, we could be subjected to increased regulatory scrutiny and regulatory restrictions could be imposed on our business, including on our potential future business lines, as a result of which our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 New lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risks. 
 From time to time, we may implement new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts. We may invest significant time and resources in developing and marketing new lines of business or new products and services. Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business or new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible or may be dependent on identifying and hiring a qualified person to lead the division. In addition, existing management personnel may not have the experience or capacity to provide effective oversight of new lines of business or new products and services. 
 External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives, cybersecurity and cyber trends, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business or a new product or service and result in consumer harm. Furthermore, any new line of business or new product or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on customer and counterparty information, which subjects us to risks if that information is not accurate or is incomplete. 
 When deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with clients or counterparties, we may rely on information provided by or on behalf of those clients and counterparties, including audited financial statements and other financial information. We may also rely on representations made by clients and counterparties that the information they provide is accurate and complete. We conduct appropriate due diligence on such customer information and, where practical and economical, we engage valuation and other experts or sources of information to assist with assessing collateral and other customer risks. Our financial results could be adversely affected if the financial statements, collateral value or other financial information provided by clients or counterparties are incorrect. 
 The risk of another pandemic could adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 Credit Risk . Our risks of timely loan repayment and the value of collateral supporting the loans are affected by the strength of our borrower s financial condition and business. The effects of a pandemic on economic activity could negatively affect the collateral values associated with our existing loans, the ability to liquidate the real estate collateral securing our residential and commercial real estate loans, our ability to maintain loan origination volume and to obtain additional financing, the future demand for or profitability of our lending, trust, wealth management and depository services, and the financial condition and credit risk of our clients. Further, in the event of delinquencies, regulatory changes and policies designed to protect borrowers may slow or prevent us from or, in some cases, our business decisions may result in, a delay in our taking certain remediation actions, such as foreclosure. In addition, we have unfunded commitments to extend credit to clients, which are generally not drawn upon. During a challenging economic environment, such as an ongoing pandemic, our clients are more dependent on our credit commitments and increased borrowings under these commitments could adversely impact our liquidity. 
 Strategic Risk . Our success may be affected by a variety of external factors that may affect the price or marketability of our products and services, including disruptions in the capital markets, changes in interest rates that may increase our funding costs, reduced demand for our financial products due to economic conditions and the various response of governmental and nongovernmental authorities. The future effects of a pandemic on economic activity could negatively affect the future banking products we provide including the ability to sell mortgage loan that we originate with the intent to sell. 
 Operational Risk . Current and future restrictions on our workforce s access to our facilities could limit our ability to meet customer servicing expectations and have a material adverse effect on our operations. We rely on business processes and profit center activity that largely depend on people, technology, and the use of complex systems and models to manage our business, including access to information technology systems and models as well as information, applications, payment systems and other services provided by third parties. In response to a pandemic, we may modify our business practices and, from time to time, our employees may work remotely from their homes to have our operations uninterrupted as much as possible. Further, technology in employees homes may not be as robust as in our offices and could cause the networks, information systems, applications, and other tools available to employees to be more limited or less reliable than in our offices, the continuation of these work-from-home measures introduces additional operational risk, especially including increased cybersecurity risk. These cyber risks include greater phishing, malware, and other cybersecurity attacks, vulnerability to disruptions of our information technology infrastructure and telecommunications systems for remote operations, increased risk of unauthorized dissemination of confidential information, limited ability to restore the systems in the event of a systems failure or interruption, great risk of a security breach resulting in destruction or misuse of valuable information, and potential impairment of our ability to perform critical functions, including wiring funds, all of which could expose us to risks of data or financial loss, litigation and liability and could seriously disrupt our operations and the operations of any impacted clients. 
 Moreover, we rely on many third parties in our business operations, including appraisers of real property collateral, vendors that supply essential services such as loan servicers, providers of financial information, systems and analytical tools and providers of electronic payment and settlement systems, and local and federal government agencies, offices, and courthouses. In light of the changing measures responding to the pandemic, many of these entities have limited the availability and access of their services. For example, loan origination could be delayed due to the limited availability of real estate appraisers for the collateral. Loan 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 closings could be delayed related to reductions in available staff in recording offices or the closing of courthouses in certain counties, which slows the process for title work, mortgage and UCC filings in those counties. If the third party service providers continue to have limited capacities for a prolonged period or if additional limitations or potential disruptions in these services materialize, it may negatively affect our operations. 
 Interest Rate Risk . Our net interest income, lending activities, deposits, hedging activities, and profitability could be negatively affected by volatility in interest rates caused by inflation, recession and other economic impacts stemming from a pandemic. Throughout 2022, the Federal Reserve increased the federal funds rate seven times by a total of 425 bps from the beginning of the year rate of 0.25 to the ending rate of 4.50 at December 31, 2022. The large and frequent rate increases have increased our funding costs and negatively affected market risk mitigation strategies. Higher income volatility from changes in interest rates and spreads to benchmark indices could cause a loss of future net interest income and a decrease in current fair market values of our assets. Fluctuations in interest rates will impact both the level of income and expense recorded on most of our assets and liabilities and the market value of all interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, other than those which have a short-term to maturity, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our net income, operating results, or financial condition. 
 Trust and Investment Management Risk. Recent market volatility has adversely impacted the value of our assets under management. We derive a significant amount of our revenues primarily from investment management fees based on assets under management. As such, fluctuations in the equity and debt markets can have a direct impact upon our net earnings. A sustained decline in the value of the assets that we manage or otherwise administer or service for others, could have an adverse effect on related fee income and demand for our services. 
 Economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes could adversely affect us. 
 The U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control administers economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes. These sanctions take many different forms and based on their severity, can impact the global economy and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Regulatory Environment 
 The financial services industry is highly regulated, and legislative or regulatory actions taken now or in the future may have a significant adverse effect on our operations. 
 The financial services industry is extensively regulated and supervised under both federal and state laws and regulations that are intended primarily to protect clients, depositors, the FDIC deposit insurance fund, and the banking system as a whole, not our shareholders. We are subject to the regulation and supervision of the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the CDB. The banking laws, regulations and policies applicable to us govern matters ranging from the maintenance of adequate capital, safety and soundness, mergers and changes in control to the general business operations conducted by us, including permissible types, amounts and terms of loans and investments, the amount of reserves held against deposits, restrictions on dividends, imposition of specific accounting requirements, establishment of new offices and the maximum interest rate that may be charged on loans. 
 We are subject to changes in federal and state banking statutes, regulations and governmental policies, or the interpretation or implementation of them, and are subject to changes and increased complexity in regulatory requirements as governments and regulators continue reforms intended to strengthen the stability of the financial system and protect key markets and participants. Any changes in any federal or state banking statute, regulation or governmental policy, including changes which occ urred in 2022 an d may occ ur in 2023 and beyond during the current and future administration, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, including ways that may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. Compliance with laws and regulations can be difficult and costly, and changes to laws and regulations often impose additional compliance costs. In addition, federal and state banking regulators have broad authority to supervise our banking business and that of our subsidiaries, including the authority to prohibit activities that represent unsafe or unsound banking practices or constitute violations of statute, rule, regulation, or administrative order. Failure to comply with any such laws, regulations or regulatory policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, restrictions on our business activities, civil money penalties or damage to our reputation, all of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 We expect that the Biden Administration will seek to implement a regulatory reform agenda that is significantly different than that of the Trump Administration. This reform agenda could include a heightened focus on fair lending, the regulation of loan portfolios and credit concentrations to borrowers impacted by climate change, heightened scrutiny on Bank Secrecy Act and AML requirements, topics related to social equity, executive compensation, and increased capital and liquidity, as well as limits on share buybacks and dividends. In addition, mergers and acquisitions could be dampened by increased antitrust scrutiny. We also expect reform proposals for the short-term wholesale markets. It is too early for us to assess which, if any of these policies, would be implemented and what their impact on our business would be. 
 Federal and state banking agencies periodically conduct examinations of our business, including compliance with laws and regulations, and our failure to comply with any supervisory actions which we are, or may become, subject to as a result of such examinations may adversely affect us. 
 The Federal Reserve, the FDIC, SEC, and the CDB may conduct examinations of our business, including for compliance with applicable laws and regulations. As a result of an examination, regulatory agencies may determine that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, asset concentrations, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, sensitivity to market risk, or other aspects of any of our operations are unsatisfactory, or that we or our management are in violation of any law, regulation or guideline in effect from time to time. Regulatory agencies may take a number of different remedial actions, including the power to enjoin "unsafe or unsound" practices, to require affirmative actions to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to restrict our growth, to change the composition of our concentrations in portfolio or balance sheet assets, to assess civil monetary penalties against officers or directors, to remove officers and directors and, if such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent risk of loss to depositors, the FDIC may terminate our deposit insurance. A regulatory action against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 We are subject to stringent capital requirements. 
 Banking institutions are required to hold more capital as a percentage of assets than most industries. Holding high amounts of capital compresses our earnings and constrains growth. In addition, the failure to meet applicable regulatory capital requirements could result in one or more of our regulators placing limitations or conditions on our activities, including our growth initiatives, or restricting the commencement of new activities, and could affect client and investor confidence, our costs of funds and FDIC insurance costs and our ability to make acquisitions and result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 The level of our commercial real estate loan portfolio may subject us to heightened regulatory scrutiny. 
 The FDIC and the Federal Reserve have promulgated joint guidance on sound risk management practices for financial institutions with concentrations in commercial real estate lending. Under the guidance, a financial institution that is actively involved in commercial real estate lending should perform a risk assessment to identify potential concentrations in commercial real estate lending. A financial institution may have such a concentration if, among other factors: (i) total outstanding loans for construction, land development, and other land represent 100 or more of total risk-based capital ("CRE 1 Concentration"); or (ii) total outstanding loans for construction, land development and other land and loans secured by multifamily and non-owner occupied non-farm, non-residential properties (excluding loans secured by owner-occupied properties) represent 300 or more of total risk-based capital ("CRE 2 Concentration") and the institution s commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased by 50 or more during the prior 36-month period. In such an instance, management should employ heightened risk management practices, including board and management oversight and strategic planning, development of underwriting standards, risk assessment and monitoring through market analysis and stress testing. As of December 31, 2022, o ur CRE 1 Concentration level was 114.3 and our CRE 2 Concentration level was 196.8 . W e may, at some point, be considered to have a concentration in the future, or our risk management practices may be found to be deficient, which could result in increased reserves and capital costs as well as potential regulatory enforcement action. 
 We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the Community Reinvestment Act and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. 
 The Community Reinvestment Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The Department of Justice, the CFPB and other federal agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. A successful regulatory 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 challenge to an institution s performance under the Community Reinvestment Act or fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity, restrictions on expansion, and restrictions on entering new business lines. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. Any such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We face a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. 
 The federal Bank Secrecy Act, Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain effective anti-money laundering programs and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports as appropriate. The federal Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, established by the Treasury to administer the Bank Secrecy Act, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the individual federal banking regulators, as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration and Internal Revenue Service. There is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the sanctions rules enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient or the policies, procedures and systems of any financial institutions that we may acquire in the future are deemed deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions such as restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan, which would negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us. Any of these results could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Regulations relating to privacy, information security and data protection could increase our costs, affect or limit how we collect and use personal information and adversely affect our business opportunities. 
 We are subject to various privacy, information security and data protection laws, including requirements concerning security breach notification, and we could be negatively impacted by these laws. For example, our business is subject to the GLB Act which, among other things: (i) imposes certain limitations on our ability to share non-public personal information about our clients with non-affiliated third parties; (ii) requires that we provide certain disclosures to clients about our information collection, sharing and security practices and afford clients the right to "opt out" of any information sharing by us with non-affiliated third parties (with certain exceptions); and (iii) requires we develop, implement and maintain a written comprehensive information security program containing safeguards appropriate based on our size and complexity, the nature and scope of our activities, and the sensitivity of client information we process, as well as plans for responding to data security breaches. Various state and federal banking regulators and states and foreign countries have also enacted data security breach notification requirements with varying levels of individual, consumer, regulatory or law enforcement notification in certain circumstances in the event of a security breach. Moreover, legislators and regulators in the United States and other countries are increasingly adopting or revising privacy, information security and data protection laws that potentially could have a significant impact on our current and planned privacy, data protection and information security-related practices, our collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of consumer or employee information, and some of our current or planned business activities. This could also increase our costs of compliance and business operations and could reduce income from certain business initiatives. This includes increased privacy-related enforcement activity at the federal level, by the Federal Trade Commission, as well as at the state level, such as with regard to mobile applications. 
 Compliance with current or future privacy, data protection and information security laws (including those regarding security breach notification) affecting client or employee data to which we are subject could result in higher compliance and technology costs and could restrict our ability to provide certain products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions or results of operations. Our failure to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws could result in potentially significant regulatory or governmental investigations or actions, litigation, fines, sanctions and damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 We can be subject to legal and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries related to conduct risk. 
 Such legal and regulatory activities could result in significant penalties and other negative impacts on our businesses and results of operations. At any given time, we can be involved in defending legal and regulatory proceedings and are subject to numerous governmental and regulatory examinations, investigations and other inquiries. The frequency with which such proceedings, investigations and inquiries are initiated have increased over the last few years, and the global judicial, regulatory and political environment generally remains hostile to financial institutions. For example, the U.S. Department of Justice, or the DOJ, conditions the granting of cooperation credit in civil and criminal investigations of corporate wrongdoing on the company involved having provided to investigators all relevant facts relating to the individuals responsible for the alleged misconduct. The complexity of the federal and state regulatory and enforcement regimes in the U.S., means that a single event or issue may give rise to a large number of overlapping investigations and regulatory proceedings, either by multiple federal and state agencies in the U.S. or by multiple regulators and other governmental entities in different jurisdictions. Moreover, U.S. authorities have been increasingly focused on "conduct risk," a term that is used to describe the risks associated with behavior by employees and agents, including third-party vendors, that could harm clients, consumers, investors or the markets, such as failures to safeguard consumers and investors personal information, failures to identify and manage conflicts of interest and improperly creating, selling and marketing products and services. In addition to increasing compliance risks, this focus on conduct risk could lead to more regulatory or other enforcement proceedings and litigation, including for practices which historically were acceptable but are now receiving greater scrutiny. Further, while we take numerous steps to prevent and detect conduct by employees and agents that could potentially harm clients, investors or the markets, such behavior may not always be deterred or prevented. Banking regulators have also focused on the overall culture of financial services firms. In addition to regulatory restrictions or structural changes that could result from perceived deficiencies in our culture, such focus could also lead to additional regulatory proceedings. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 
 The trading volume in our common stock is less than other larger financial institutions. 
 Although our common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the trading volume in our common stock is less than that of other, larger financial services companies. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence in the marketplace of willing buyers and sellers of our common stock at any given time. This presence depends on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which we have no control. Given the lower trading volume of our common stock, significant sales of our common stock, or the expectation of these sales, could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 The obligations associated with being a public company require significant resources and management attention, which will increase our costs of operations and may divert focus from our business operations. 
 As a public company, we face increased legal, accounting, administrative and other costs and expenses that we did not incur as a private company, particularly after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company. 
 We expect to incur substantial costs related to operating as a public company, and these costs may be higher when we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition and proxy and other information statements, and the rules and regulations implemented by the SEC, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the PCAOB and the Nasdaq Global Select Market, each of which imposes additional reporting and other obligations on public companies. As a public company, compliance with these reporting requirements and other SEC and the Nasdaq Global Select Market rules makes certain operating activities more time-consuming, and has caused us to incur significant new legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses. Furthermore, the need to establish the corporate infrastructure demanded of a public company may divert management s attention from implementing our operating strategy, which could prevent us from successfully implementing our strategic initiatives and improving our results of operations. We have made, and will continue to make, changes to our internal controls and procedures for financial reporting and accounting systems to meet our reporting obligations as a public company. However, we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur in order to comply with these requirements. We anticipate that these costs will materially increase our general and administrative expenses and such increases will reduce our profitability. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately and timely. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for evaluating and reporting on that system of internal control. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. As a public company, we are required to make annual assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, when we cease to be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of the Company s financial reporting. We have implemented measures designed to address historical internal control significant deficiencies and will continue to implement measures designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. 
 We will continue to periodically test and update, as necessary, our internal control systems, including our financial reporting controls. In addition, we hired additional accounting personnel as part of our transition from a private company to a public company. Our actions, however, may not be sufficient to result in an effective internal control environment and any future failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could impair the reliability of our financial statements, which in turn could harm our business, impair investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, impair our access to the capital markets, cause the price of our common stock to decline and subject us to increased regulatory scrutiny and/or penalties, and higher risk of shareholder litigation. 
 Securities analysts may not initiate or continue coverage on us. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends, in part, on the research and reports that securities analysts publish about us and our business. We do not have any control over these securities analysts, and they may not cover us. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover us or fail to publish regular reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the price or trading volume of our common stock to decline. If we are covered by securities analysts and are the subject of an unfavorable report, the price of our common stock may decline. 
 Our management and board of directors have significant control over our business. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our directors and executive officers beneficially owned an aggrega te of 1,671,775 shares, or approxim ately 17.4 of our shares of common stock. Consequently, our management and board of directors may be able to significantly affect our affairs and policies, including the outcome of the election of directors and the potential outcome of other matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders, such as mergers, the sale of substantially all of our assets and other extraordinary corporate matters. This influence may also have the effect of delaying or preventing changes of control or changes in management, or limiting the ability of our other shareholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in the best interests of our Company. The interests of these insiders could conflict with the interests of our other shareholders, including you. 
 We may issue new debt securities, which would be senior to our common stock and may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 We have issued 18.0 million aggregate principal amount of subordinated notes due 2030, 15.0 million due 2031 a nd 20.0 milli on due 2032. In the future, we may increase our capital resources by making offerings of debt or equity securities, which may include senior or additional subordinated notes, series of preferred shares or common shares. Holders of our common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights or other protections against dilution. Preferred shares and debt, if issued, have a preference on liquidating distributions or a preference on dividend or interest payments that could limit our ability to make a distribution to the holders of our common stock. Future issuances and sales of parity preferred stock, or the perception that such issuances and sales could occur, may also cause prevailing market prices for the series of preferred stock and our common stock to decline and may adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital in the financial markets at times and prices favorable to us. Further issuances of our common stock could be dilutive to holders of our common stock. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Our common stock is subordinate to our existing and future indebtedness, and is effectively subordinated to all the indebtedness and other non-common equity claims against our subsidiaries. 
 Shares of our common stock represent equity interests in the Company and do not constitute indebtedness. Accordingly, the shares of our common stock rank junior to all of our indebtedness and to other non-equity claims on the Company with respect to assets available to satisfy such claims. Additionally, dividends to holders of the Company s common stock are subject to the prior dividend and liquidation rights of any preferred stock we may issue. 
 The Company s right to participate in any distribution of assets of any of its subsidiaries upon the subsidiary s liquidation or otherwise, and thus the ability of the Company s common shareholders to benefit indirectly from such distribution, will be subject to the prior claims of creditors of that subsidiary. As a result, holders of the Company s common stock will be effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations of its subsidiaries, including claims of depositors. 
 We may issue shares of preferred stock in the future, which could make it difficult for another company to acquire us or could otherwise adversely affect holders of our common stock, which could depress the price of our common stock. 
 Our articles of incorporation authorize us to issue up to 10 million shares of one or more series of preferred stock. Our board of directors has the authority to determine the preferences, limitations and relative rights of shares of preferred stock and to fix the number of shares constituting any series and the designation of such series, without any further vote or action by our shareholders. Our preferred stock could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to the rights of our common stock. The potential issuance of preferred stock may delay or prevent a change in control of us, discourage bids for our common stock at a premium over the market price and materially adversely affect the market price and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. 
 We are dependent upon the Bank for cash flow, and the Bank s ability to make cash distributions is restricted. 
 Our primary tangible asset is the stock of the Bank. As such, we depend upon the Bank for cash distributions (through dividends on the Bank s common stock) that we use to pay our operating expenses, satisfy our obligations (including our preferred dividends, subordinated debentures, notes, and our other debt obligations) and to pay dividends on our common stock. Federal statutes, regulations and policies restrict the Bank s ability to make cash distributions to us. These statutes and regulations require, among other things, that the Bank maintain certain levels of capital in order to pay a dividend. In addition, there are certain restrictions imposed by federal banking laws, regulations and authorities on the payment of dividends by us and by the Bank. If the Bank is unable to pay dividends to us, we will not be able to satisfy our obligations or pay dividends on our common stock. Our dividend policy may change without notice, and our future ability to pay dividends is subject to restrictions. 
 We are a separate and distinct legal entity from the Bank. We receive substantially all of our revenue from dividends paid to us by the Bank, which we use as the principal source of funds to pay our expenses and to pay dividends to our shareholders, if any. Various federal and state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that the Bank may pay us. If the Bank does not receive regulatory approval or does not maintain a level of capital sufficient to permit it to make dividend payments to us while maintaining adequate capital levels, our ability to pay our expenses and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. 
 As a bank holding company, we are subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve has indicated that bank holding companies should carefully review their dividend policy in relation to the organization s overall asset quality, current and prospective earnings and level, composition and quality of capital. The guidance provides that we inform and consult with the Federal Reserve prior to declaring and paying a dividend that exceeds earnings for the period for which the dividend is being paid or that could result in an adverse change to our capital structure, including interest on the subordinated debentures. If required payments on our subordinated debentures are not made or are deferred, or dividends on any preferred stock we may issue are not paid, we will be prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Our corporate organizational documents and provisions of federal and state law to which we are subject contain certain provisions that could have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, make more difficult or prevent an attempted acquisition that you may favor or an attempted replacement of our board of directors or management. 
 Our articles of incorporation and our bylaws may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, discourage or prevent an attempted acquisition or change of control or a replacement of our incumbent board of directors or management. Our governing documents include provisions that: 
 Empower our board of directors, without shareholder approval, to issue our preferred stock, the terms of which, including voting power, are to be set by our board of directors; 
 Provide that directors may only be removed from office for cause; 
 Eliminate cumulative voting in elections of directors; 
 Permit our board of directors to alter, amend or repeal our amended and restated bylaws or to adopt new bylaws; 
 Prohibit shareholder action by less than unanimous written consent, thereby requiring virtually all actions to be taken at a meeting of the shareholders; 
 Require shareholders that wish to bring business before annual or special meetings of shareholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of shareholders, to provide timely notice of their intent in writing; and 
 Enable our board of directors to increase, between annual meetings, the number of persons serving as directors and to fill the vacancies created as a result of the increase by a majority vote of the directors present at a meeting of directors. 
 Banking laws also impose notice, approval, and ongoing regulatory requirements on any shareholder or other party that seeks to acquire direct or indirect "control" of an FDIC-insured depository institution or its holding company. These laws include the BHC Act and the Change in Bank Control Act, or the CBCA. These laws could delay or prevent an acquisition. 
 Furthermore, our bylaws provide that the state or federal courts located in Denver County, Colorado, the county in which the city of Denver is located, will be the exclusive forum for: (i) any actual or purported derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty by any of our directors or officers; (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or our directors or officers arising pursuant to the Colorado Business Corporations Act, our articles of incorporation, or our bylaws; or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or our officers or directors that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. By becoming a shareholder of our Company, you will be deemed to have notice of and have consented to the provisions of our bylaws related to choice of forum. The choice of forum provision in our bylaws may limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 An investment in our common stock is not an insured deposit and is subject to risk of loss. 
 Our common stock is not a savings accounts, deposits or other obligations of any of our bank or nonbank subsidiaries and will not be insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other government agency. Your investment in our common stock is subject to investment risk, and you must be capable of affording the loss of your entire investment. 
 The market price of our common stock may be subject to substantial fluctuations and significant declines, which may make it difficult for you to sell your shares at the volume, prices and times desired. 
 Actual or anticipated issuances or sales of substantial amounts of our common stock could cause the market price of our common stock to decline significantly and make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and on terms that we deem appropriate. The issuance of any shares of our common stock in the future 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 also would, and equity-related securities could, dilute the percentage ownership interest held by shareholders prior to such issuance. 
 In addition, we may issue shares of our common stock or other securities from time to time as consideration for future acquisitions and investments and pursuant to compensation and incentive plans. If any such acquisition or investment is significant, the number of shares of our common stock, or the number or aggregate principal amount, as the case may be, of other securities that we may issue may in turn be substantial. We may also grant registration rights covering those shares of our common stock or other securities in connection with any such acquisitions and investments. 
 We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of our common stock will have on the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock (including shares of our common stock issued in connection with an acquisition or under a compensation or incentive plan), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through future sales of our securities. 
 The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile, which may make it difficult for you to resell your shares at the volume, prices and times desired. There are many factors that may affect the market price and trading volume of our common stock, including, without limitation: 
 Actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results, financial condition or asset quality; 
 Changes in economic or business conditions; 
 The effects of, and changes in, trade, monetary and fiscal policies, including the interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve; 
 Publication of research reports about us, our competitors, or the financial services industry generally, or changes in, or failure to meet, securities analysts estimates of our financial and operating performance, or lack of research reports by industry analysts or ceasing of coverage; 
 Operating and stock price performance of companies that investors deemed comparable to us; 
 Additional or anticipated sales of our common stock or other securities by us or our existing shareholders; 
 Additions or departures of key personnel; 
 Prevailing market conditions, including increased general market volatility associated with recent fears of pandemics; 
 Perceptions in the marketplace regarding our competitors or us; 
 Significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by or involving our competitors or us; 
 Other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory and technological factors affecting our operations, pricing, products and services; and 
 Other news, announcements or disclosures (whether by us or others) related to us, our competitors, our primary markets or the financial services industry. 
 The stock market and, in particular, the market for financial institution stocks have experienced substantial fluctuations in recent years, which in many cases have been unrelated to the operating performance and prospects of particular companies. In addition, significant fluctuations in the trading volume in our common stock may cause significant price variations to occur. Increased market volatility may materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock, which could make it difficult to sell your shares at the volume, prices and times desired. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1B: UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2: PROPERTIES 
 Our corporate headquarters is located at 1900 16th Street, Suite 1200, Denver, Colorado 80202. Including our corporate headquarters, the Bank operates nineteen profit centers, which consists of thirteen boutique private trust bank offices with two locations in Arizona, eight locations in Colorado and three locations in Wyoming; four loan production offices with one location in Ft. Collins, Colorado, one location in Greenwood Village, Colorado, one location in Phoenix, Arizona, and one location in Bozeman, Montana; and two trust offices with one location in Laramie, Wyoming, and one location in Century City, California. We own our locations in Jackson Hole, Pinedale, and Rock Springs, while all remaining locations are leased. We believe that our facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our present needs. The chart below describes our locations, which we believe are strategically located in affluent and high-growth markets in nineteen locations (listed below) across Colorado, Arizona, Wyoming, California, and Montana: 
 Colorado Arizona Wyoming California Montana Downtown Denver (1) 
 Phoenix Jackson Hole Century City (2) 
 Bozeman (3) 
 Aspen Phoenix (3) 
 Laramie (2) 
 Boulder Scottsdale Pinedale Cherry Creek Rock Springs Denver Tech Center / Cherry Hills Ft. Collins (3) 
 Greenwood Village (3) 
 Northern Colorado Vail Valley Broomfield 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Headquarters and co-location of profit center, product groups and support centers 
 (2) Trust office 
 (3) Loan production office 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings. From time to time, we are subject to claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. These claims and litigation may include, among other things, allegations of violation of banking and other applicable regulations, competition law, labor laws and consumer protection laws, as well as claims or litigation relating to intellectual property, securities, breach of contract, and tort. We intend to defend ourselves vigorously against any pending or future claims and litigation. 
 At this time, in the opinion of management, the likelihood is remote that the impact of such proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. However, one or more unfavorable outcomes in any claim or litigation against us could have a material adverse effect for the period in which they are resolved. In addition, regardless of their merits or their ultimate outcomes, such matters are costly, divert management s attention, and may materially and adversely affect our reputation, even if resolved in our favor. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5: MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Shares of our common stock, no par value, are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "MYFW". 
 Holders of Record 
 As of March 10, 2023, there were approximately 106 holders of record of our common stock. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock and we do not currently anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Instead, we anticipate that all of our earnings in the foreseeable future will be retained to support our operations and finance the growth and development of our business or be used for stock buybacks. Any future determination to pay dividends on our common stock will be made by our board of directors and will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, general economic conditions, regulatory and contractual restrictions, our business strategy, our ability to service any equity or debt obligations senior to our common stock and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. We are not obligated to pay dividends on our common stock and are subject to restrictions on paying dividends on our common stock. 
 As a bank holding company, our ability to pay dividends is affected by the policies and enforcement powers of the Federal Reserve. See "Supervision and Regulation Regulation of the Company Dividends." In addition, because we are a holding company, we are dependent upon the payment of dividends by the Bank to us as our principal source of funds to pay dividends in the future, if any, and to make other payments. The Bank is also subject to various legal, regulatory and other restrictions on its ability to pay dividends and make other distributions and payments to us. See "Supervision and Regulation Regulation of the Bank Dividends." The present and future dividend policy of the Bank is subject to the discretion of the board of directors. The Bank is not obligated to pay us dividends. 
 As a Colorado corporation, we are subject to certain restrictions on distributions under the Colorado Business Corporation Act. Generally, a Colorado corporation may not make a distribution to its shareholders if, after giving the distribution effect: (i) the corporation would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or (ii) the corporation s total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed, if the corporation were to be dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of shareholders whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving the distribution. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The information concerning the ownership of shares of our common stock by certain beneficial owners and management required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, a copy of which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022, regarding our equity compensation plans that provide for the award of equity securities or the grant of options to purchase equity securities of the Company to employees and directors of First Western and its subsidiaries: 
 (A) (B) (C) Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options or vesting of outstanding restricted stock grants Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (A) Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 705,672 22.76 329,035 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders Total 705,672 329,035 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Total number of shares purchased (1) 
 Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publically announced plans or programs Maximum number (or approximate dollar value) of shares that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 1,413 28.93 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) These shares relate to the net settlement by employees related to vested, restricted stock awards and do not impact the shares available for repurchase. Net settlements represent instances where employees elect to satisfy their income tax liability related to the vesting of restricted stock through the surrender of a proportionate number of the vested shares to the Company. 
 
 ITEM 6: [Reserved] 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains "forward-looking statements" that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs and expected performance. We caution that assumptions, expectations, projections, intentions or beliefs about future events may, and often do, vary from actual results and the differences can be material. See "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements." Also, see the risk factors and other cautionary statements described under the heading "Item 1A Risk Factors" included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements except as otherwise required by applicable law. 
 
 Company Overview 
 We are a financial holding company founded in 2002 and headquartered in Denver, Colorado. We provide a fully integrated suite of wealth management services to our clients including banking, trust, and investment management products and services. Our mission is to be the best private bank for the Western wealth management client. We target entrepreneurs, professionals, and high-net worth individuals, typically with 1.0 million-plus in liquid net worth, and their related philanthropic and business organizations, which we refer to as the "Western wealth management client." We believe that the Western wealth management client shares our entrepreneurial spirit and values our sophisticated, high-touch wealth management services that are tailored to meet their specific needs. We partner with our clients to solve their unique financial needs through our expert integrated services provided in a team approach. 
 We offer our services through a branded network of boutique private trust bank offices, which we believe are strategically located in affluent and high-growth markets in locations across Colorado, Arizona, Wyoming, Montana, and California. Our profit centers, which are comprised of private bankers, lenders, wealth planners and portfolio managers, under the leadership of a local chairman and/or president, are also supported centrally by teams providing management services such as operations, risk management, credit administration, marketing, technology support, human capital, and accounting/finance services, which we refer to as support centers. 
 From 2004, when we opened our first profit center, until December 31, 2022, we have expanded our footprint into thirteen full service profit centers, three loan production offices, and two trust offices located across five states. Following the completion of the Teton Financial Services, Inc. Teton acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2021, we added three full service profit centers in Jackson Hole, Pinedale, and Rock Springs, Wyoming. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, we had 2.87 billion in total assets, 107.9 million in total revenues and provided fiduciary and advisory services on 6.11 billion of assets under management ("AUM"). 
 
 Response to COVID-19 
 The spread of COVID-19 caused significant disruptions in the U.S. economy since it was declared a pandemic in March 2020 by the World Health Organization. Disruptions include temporary closures of many businesses that have led to a loss of revenues and a rapid increase in unemployment, disrupted global supply chains, market downturns and volatility, changes in consumer behavior related to pandemic fears, and related emergency response legislation. The changes have impacted our clients and their industries, as well as the financial services industry. 
 A provision in the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act ("CARES Act") created the Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP"), which is administered by the Small Business Administration ("SBA"). The PPP was intended to provide loans to small businesses to pay their employees, rent, mortgage interest, and utilities. The loans could be forgiven conditioned upon the client providing payroll documentation evidencing their compliant use of funds and otherwise complying with the terms of the program. The Bank was an approved SBA PPP lender and participated in all rounds of the program. 
 The last round of program funds were depleted in early May 2021. With the originations closed, the SBA turned their attention to forgiveness, processing applications submitted by the Company. Loans funded in 2021 became eligible for forgiveness after the covered period of 8 to 24 weeks, which began for some clients in early second quarter of 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we have received forgiveness payments of 308.4 million from the SBA and have 26 PPP loans for a total of 7.1 million with an average loan size of 0.3 million remaining. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, a loan modification program was designed and implemented to assist our clients experiencing financial stress resulting from the economic impacts caused by the global pandemic. The Company has offered loan extensions, temporary payment moratoriums, and financial covenant waivers for commercial and consumer borrowers impacted by the pandemic who have a pass risk rating and have not been delinquent over 30 days on payments in the last two years. In 2021, the deferral period ended for all non-acquired loans previously modified and payments resumed under the original terms. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's loan portfolio included 49 non-acquired loans which were previously modified under the loan modification program, totaling 78.4 million. Through the Teton Acquisition, the Company acquired loans which were previously modified and are still in their deferral period. As of December 31, 2022, there were 14 of these loans, totaling 3.3 million. 
 The Company also participated in the Federal Reserve s Main Street Lending Program ("MSLP") to support lending to small and medium-sized for profit businesses and nonprofit organizations that were in sound financial condition before the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had five loans with a balance held by the Bank of 6.6 million. 
 
 Primary Factors Used to Evaluate the Results of Operations 
 As a financial institution, we manage and evaluate various aspects of both our results of operations and our financial condition. We evaluate the comparative levels and trends of the line items in our Consolidated Balance Sheets and Statements of Income as well as various financial ratios that are commonly used in our industry. The primary factors we use to evaluate our results of operations include net interest income, non-interest income and non-interest expense. 
 Net Interest Income 
 Net interest income represents interest income less interest expense. We generate interest income on interest-earning assets, primarily loans and investment securities. We incur interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, primarily interest-bearing deposits and borrowings. To evaluate net interest income, we measure and monitor: (i) yields on loans, investment securities, and other interest-earning assets; (ii) the costs of deposits and other funding sources; (iii) the rates incurred on borrowings and other interest-bearing liabilities; and (iv) the regulatory risk weighting associated with the assets. Interest income is primarily impacted by loan growth and loan repayments, along with changes in interest rates on the loans. Interest expense is primarily impacted by changes in deposit balances, changes in interest rates on deposits, along with the volume and type of interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is primarily impacted by changes in market interest rates, the slope of the yield curve, and interest we earn on interest-earning assets or pay on interest-bearing liabilities. 
 Non-Interest Income 
 Non-interest income primarily consists of the following: 
 Trust and investment management fees fees and other sources of income charged to clients for managing their trust and investment assets, providing financial planning consulting services, 401(k) and retirement advisory consulting services, and other wealth management services. Trust and investment management fees are primarily impacted by rates charged and increases and decreases in AUM. AUM is primarily impacted by opening and closing of client advisory and trust accounts, contributions and withdrawals, and the fluctuation in market values. 
 Net gain on mortgage loans gain on originating and selling mortgages and origination fees, less commissions to loan originators, document review, and other costs specific to originating and selling the loan. The market adjustments for interest rate lock commitments ("IRLC"), mortgage derivatives, and gains and losses incurred on the mandatory trading of loans are also included in this line item. Net gain on mortgage loans is primarily impacted by the amount of loans sold, the type of loans sold, and market conditions. 
 Bank fees income generated through bank-related service charges such as: electronic transfer fees, treasury management fees, bill pay fees, servicing fees for MSLP, and other banking fees. Banking fees are primarily impacted by the level of business activities and cash movement activities of our clients. 
 Risk management and insurance fees commissions earned on insurance policies we have placed for clients through our client risk management team who incorporate insurance services, primarily life insurance, to 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 support our clients wealth planning needs. Our insurance revenues are primarily impacted by the type and volume of policies placed for our clients. 
 Income on company-owned life insurance income earned on the growth of the cash surrender value of life insurance policies we hold on certain key associates. The income on the increase in the cash surrender value is non-taxable income. 
 Non-Interest Expense 
 Non-interest expense is comprised primarily of the following: 
 Salaries and employee benefits all forms of compensation-related expenses including salary, incentive compensation, payroll-related taxes, stock-based compensation, benefit plans, health insurance, 401(k) plan match costs, and other benefit-related expenses. Salaries and employee benefit costs are primarily impacted by changes in headcount and fluctuations in benefits costs. 
 Occupancy and equipment costs related to building and land maintenance, leasing our office space, depreciation charges for the buildings, building improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, amortization of leasehold improvements, utilities, and other occupancy-related expenses. Occupancy and equipment costs are primarily impacted by the number of locations we occupy. 
 Professional services costs related to legal, accounting, tax, consulting, personnel recruiting, insurance and other outsourcing arrangements. Professional services costs are primarily impacted by corporate activities requiring specialized services. FDIC insurance expense is also included in this line and represents the assessments that we pay to the FDIC for deposit insurance. 
 Technology and information systems costs related to software and information technology services to support office activities and internal networks. Technology and information system costs are primarily impacted by the number of locations we occupy, the number of associates we have, and the level of service we require from our third-party technology vendors. 
 Data processing costs related to processing fees paid to our third-party data processing system providers relating to our core private trust banking platform. Data processing costs are primarily impacted by the number of loan, deposit and trust accounts we have and the level of transactions processed for our clients. 
 Marketing costs related to promoting our business through advertising, promotions, charitable events, sponsorships, donations, and other marketing-related expenses. Marketing costs are primarily impacted by the levels of advertising programs and other marketing activities and events held throughout the year. 
 Amortization of other intangible assets primarily represents the amortization of intangible assets including client lists, core deposit intangibles, and other similar items recognized in connection with acquisitions. 
 Other includes costs related to operational expenses associated with office supplies, postage, travel expenses, meals and entertainment, dues and memberships, costs to maintain or prepare other real estate owned ("OREO") for sale, director compensation and travel, and other general corporate expenses that do not fit within one of the specific non-interest expense lines described above. Other operational expenses are generally impacted by our business activities and needs. 
 Operating Segments 
 The Company s reportable segments consist of Wealth Management and Mortgage. We measure the overall profitability of operating segments based on income before income tax. We believe this is a more useful measurement as our wealth management products and services are fully integrated with our private trust bank. We allocate costs to our segments, which consist primarily of compensation and overhead expense directly attributable to the products and services within the Wealth Management and Mortgage segments. We measure the profitability of each segment based on a post-allocation basis, as we believe it better approximates the operating cash flows generated by our reportable operating segments. A description of each segment is provided in Note 18 - Segment Reporting of the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 P rimary Factors Used to Evaluate our Balance Sheet 
 The primary factors we use to evaluate our balance sheet include asset and liability levels, asset quality, capital, liquidity, and potential profit production from assets. 
 We manage our asset levels to ensure our lending initiatives are efficiently and profitably supported and to ensure we have the necessary liquidity and capital to meet the required regulatory capital ratios. Funding needs are evaluated and forecasted by communicating with clients, reviewing loan maturity and draw expectations, and projecting new loan opportunities. 
 We manage the diversification and quality of our assets based upon factors that include the level, distribution, severity and trend of problem assets such as those determined to be classified, delinquent, non-accrual, non-performing or restructured; the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses; the diversification and quality of loan and investment portfolios; the extent of counterparty risks, credit risk concentrations, and other factors. 
 We manage our liquidity based upon factors that include the level and quality of capital and our overall financial condition, the trend and volume of problem assets, our balance sheet risk exposure, the level of deposits as a percentage of total loans, the amount of non-deposit funding used to fund assets, the availability of unused funding sources and off-balance sheet obligations, the availability of assets to be readily converted into cash without undue loss, the amount of cash and liquid securities we hold, and other factors. 
 Financial institution regulators have established guidelines for minimum capital ratios for banks and bank holding companies. The Company has adopted the Basel III regulatory capital framework. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank s capital ratios exceeded the current well capitalized regulatory requirements established under Basel III. 
 
 Acquisitions 
 On December 31, 2021, the Company closed on our Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement or Teton Acquisition with Teton, parent company of Rocky Mountain Bank, a Wyoming-chartered bank headquartered in Jackson, Wyoming. The Merger Agreement provided that, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, Teton would merge into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation. The Merger Agreement also provided that following the merger, Rocky Mountain Bank would merge with and into the Bank, with the Bank surviving the bank merger. See Note 2 Acquisitions of the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Overview 
 The year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021 . For the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported net income available to common shareholders of 21.7 million, compared to net income available to common shareholders for December 31, 2021 of 20.6 million, a 1.1 million, or 5.3 increase. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our income before income tax was 28.8 million, a 1.5 million, or 5.7 , increase from December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by a 24.2 million increase in net interest income, after provision for loan losses, partially offset by a 10.8 million decrease in net gain on mortgage loans and an 11.0 million increase in non-interest expense. The increase in net interest income was due to an increase in average loan balances and an increase in average loan yields. The decrease in net gain on mortgage loans was primarily driven by a slowdown in new lock volume associated with the decrease in refinance activity. The increase in non-interest expense was primarily driven by an increase in personnel expense to support the growth in the balance sheet, and an increase in occupancy and equipment expense driven by building depreciation on the locations acquired with the Teton acquisition and an increase in office lease space related to new Bank locations. 
 Net Interest Income 
 The year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021 . For the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, net interest income, before the provision for loan losses, increased 26.6 million, or 47.0 , to 83.2 million. This increase was driven by a 560.2 million increase in average loans outstanding and a 64 bps increase in the average yield on loans, partially offset by a 365.8 million increase 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 in average interest bearing deposit balances and a 54 bps increase in average rates paid on interest bearing deposits. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our net interest margin was 3.35 and our net interest spread was 3.02 . For the year ended December 31, 2021, our net interest margin was 2.99 and our net interest spread was 2.88 . 
 The increase in average loans outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same periods in 2021 was primarily due to organic growth and the Teton acquisition at the end of 2021. Average loan yield was 4.45 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.81 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in loan yield during the period was primarily driven by the addition of higher yielding loans from the Teton acquisition, a beneficial mix shift in the loan portfolio due to PPP loan forgiveness, and the rising interest rate environment. 
 Interest income on our investment securities portfolio increased as a result of higher average investment balances for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. Our average investment securities balance during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 74.1 million, an increase of 43.2 million from the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Interest expense on deposits increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. Average rates on interest bearing deposits increased 54 basis points, consistent with the higher interest rate environment, while the growth in interest-bearing deposits was primarily attributable to organic growth through expanded client relationships. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 The following presents an analysis of net interest income and net interest margin for the periods presented, using daily average balances for each major category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the interest earned or paid, and the average rate earned or paid on those assets or liabilities. 
 As of and For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Average 
 Balance (1) 
 Interest Earned / Paid Average Yield / Rate Average 
 Balance (1) 
 Interest Earned / Paid Average Yield / Rate Assets Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions 248,577 2,235 0.90 261,752 397 0.15 Federal funds sold 652 10 1.53 1,491 Investment securities (2) 
 74,104 2,053 2.77 30,885 770 2.49 Correspondent bank stock 5,033 381 7.57 2,120 86 4.06 Loans (3) 
 2,154,253 95,795 4.45 1,594,084 60,758 3.81 Interest-earning assets (4) 
 2,482,619 100,474 4.05 1,890,332 62,011 3.28 Mortgage loans held for sale (5) 
 15,639 722 4.62 88,651 2,490 2.81 Total interest-earning assets, plus mortgage loans held for sale 2,498,258 101,196 4.05 1,978,983 64,501 3.26 Allowance for loan losses (14,678) (12,763) Noninterest-earning assets 122,663 93,688 Total assets 2,606,243 2,059,908 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits 1,553,758 13,012 0.84 1,187,941 3,482 0.29 FHLB and Federal Reserve borrowings 96,963 2,649 2.73 103,925 385 0.37 Subordinated notes 34,104 1,609 4.72 29,232 1,549 5.30 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,684,825 17,270 1.03 1,321,098 5,416 0.41 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Noninterest-bearing deposits 670,299 550,683 Other liabilities 21,119 18,651 Total noninterest-bearing liabilities 691,418 569,334 Total shareholders equity 230,000 169,476 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 2,606,243 2,059,908 Net interest rate spread (6) 
 3.02 2.88 Net interest income (7) 
 83,204 56,595 Net interest margin (8) 
 3.35 2.99 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Average balance represents daily averages, unless otherwise noted. 
 (2) Represents monthly averages. 
 (3) Non-performing loans are included in the respective average loan balances. Income, if any, on such loans is recognized on a cash basis. 
 (4) Tax-equivalent yield adjustments are immaterial. 
 (5) Mortgage loans held for sale are separated from the interest-earning assets above, as these loans are held for a short period of time until sold in the secondary market and are not held for investment purposes, with interest income recognized in the net gain on mortgage loans line of the income statement. These balances are excluded from the margin calculations in these tables. 
 (6) Net interest spread is the average yield on interest-earning assets (excluding mortgage loans held for sale) minus the average rate on interest-bearing liabilities. 
 (7) Net interest income is the difference between income earned on interest-earning assets (excluding interest on mortgage loans held for sale), and expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities. 
 (8) Net interest margin is equal to net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets (excluding mortgage loans held for sale). 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 The following presents the dollar amount of changes in interest income and interest expense for the periods presented, for each component of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities (excluding mortgage loans held for sale), and distinguishes between changes attributable to volume and interest rates. Changes attributable to both rate and volume that cannot be separated have been allocated to volume (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to 2021 Increase (Decrease) Due to Change in: Total Increase (Decrease) (Dollars in thousands) Volume Rate Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions (118) 1,956 1,838 Federal funds sold (13) 23 10 Investment securities 1,197 86 1,283 Correspondent bank stock 221 74 295 Loans 24,910 10,127 35,037 Total increase in interest income 26,197 12,266 38,463 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits 3,064 6,466 9,530 FHLB and Federal Reserve borrowings (190) 2,454 2,264 Subordinated notes 230 (170) 60 Total increase in interest expense 3,104 8,750 11,854 Increase in net interest income 23,093 3,516 26,609 
 Provision for Loan Losses 
 We have a dedicated problem loan resolution team comprised of associates from our credit, senior leadership, risk, and accounting teams that meets frequently to ensure that watch list and problem credits are identified early and actively managed. We work to identify potential losses in a timely manner and proactively manage the problem credits to minimize losses. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded 3.7 million and 1.2 million, respectively, of provision for loan losses. 
 The Company has increased loan level reviews and portfolio monitoring to address the changing environment. Management believes the financial strength of the Bank s clientele and the diversity of the portfolio continues to mitigate the credit risk within the portfolio. 
 Non-Interest Income 
 The year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021 . For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, non-interest income decreased 11.6 million, or 29.0 , to 28.4 million. The decrease in non-interest income was primarily a result of a slowdown in new lock volume on held for sale loans associated with rising interest rates, reduced housing inventory, and origination volume more heavily weighted to portfolio loans held for investment. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 The following presents the significant categories of our non-interest income during the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Non-interest income: Trust and investment management fees 18,943 20,200 (1,257) (6.2) Net gain on mortgage loans 5,306 16,060 (10,754) (67.0) Bank fees 2,660 1,780 880 49.4 Risk management and insurance fees 1,231 1,120 111 9.9 Income on company-owned life insurance 349 354 (5) (1.4) Net gain on equity interests 7 7 Net loss on loans accounted for under the fair value option (891) (891) Unrealized gain recognized on equity securities 342 469 (127) (27.1) Other 465 60 405 Total non-interest income 28,412 40,043 (11,631) (29.0) 
 _____________________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 Trust and investment management fees For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, our trust and investment management fees decreased by 1.3 million, or 6.2 , to 18.9 million. The decrease is due to client withdrawals and a decreased value of AUM balances caused by unfavorable market conditions during 2022. 
 Net gain on mortgage loans For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, our net gain on mortgage loans decreased by 10.8 million, or 67.0 , to 5.3 million. The decrease in net gain on mortgage loans was primarily driven by a slowdown in new lock volume on held for sale loans associated with rising interest rates, reduced housing inventory, and origination volume more heavily weighted to portfolio loans held for investment. 
 Bank fees For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, our bank fees increased by 0.9 million or 49.4 . The increase was driven by increased debit card, loan prepayment, and treasury management fees consistent with the Company's larger client base. 
 Risk management and insurance fees For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, our risk management and insurance fees increased by 0.1 million, or 9.9 , to 1.2 million. 
 Net gain/(loss) on loans accounted for under the fair value option The Company elected the fair value option on certain new loans purchased in 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a net loss on loans accounted for under the fair value option of 0.9 million. The losses were attributable to the decline in fair value as a result of the rising interest rates on comparable loans in the market. There were no loans held for investment accounted for under the fair value option in the same period in 2021. 
 Unrealized gain/(loss) on Equity Securities For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, our unrealized gains on equity securities decreased by 0.1 million, or 27.1 . The decrease was primarily driven by fair value adjustments on equity warrants. There were no equity warrants in equity securities during the same period in 2021. 
 Net gain on equity interests For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized an immaterial net gain on equity interests. No such net gain on equity interest was recognized in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Other For the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, our other income increased by 0.4 million. The increase was primarily driven by lease income from buildings acquired with the Teton acquisition. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Non-Interest Expense 
 The year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021 . The increase in non-interest expense of 16.1 to 79.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily driven by the addition of Teton's operations and additional headcount to support the growth of the Company. 
 The following presents the significant categories of our non-interest expense for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Non-interest expense: Salaries and employee benefits 48,248 40,746 7,502 18.4 Occupancy and equipment 7,520 5,990 1,530 25.5 Professional services 7,896 6,473 1,423 22.0 Technology and information systems 4,462 3,707 755 20.4 Data processing 4,285 6,327 (2,042) (32.3) Marketing 1,888 1,613 275 17.0 Amortization of other intangible assets 308 17 291 Net gain on assets held for sale (4) (4) Net gain on sale of other real estate owned (44) (44) Other 4,547 3,255 1,292 39.7 Total non-interest expense 79,106 68,128 10,978 16.1 
 _____________________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 Salaries and employee benefits The increase in salaries and employee benefits of 7.5 million, or 18.4 , was primarily related to the additional associates added through the Teton acquisition and additional headcount to support the growth of the Company. 
 Occupancy and equipment The increase in occupancy and equipment of 1.5 million, or 25.5 , was primarily driven by the addition of depreciation expense relating to buildings acquired with the Teton acquisition and an increase in office lease space related to new Bank locations. 
 Professional Services The increase in professional services of 1.4 million, or 22.0 , was driven by additional expenses related to the addition of Teton's operations, increased audit fees related to the implementation of CECL, and nonrecurring system conversion costs and internal process improvement costs. 
 Technology and information systems The increase in technology and information systems of 0.8 million, or 20.4 , was primarily driven by increased expenses to support the balance sheet growth. 
 Data processing The decrease in data processing costs of 2.0 million, or 32.3 , was primarily driven by 2.4 million in non-recurring system conversion and termination fees incurred during the fourth quarter of 2021 as a result of the Teton acquisition, which closed in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Marketing The increase in marketing of 0.3 million, or 17.0 , was primarily driven by marketing expenses associated with the onboarding of clients from the Teton acquisition and event sponsorships to support client acquisition efforts. 
 Amortization of other intangible assets The increase in amortization of other intangible assets of 0.3 million was driven by amortization of intangibles acquired through the Teton acquisition. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Other The increase in other of 1.3 million, or 39.7 , was driven by increased subscription costs related to system and process improvements, increased travel for client meetings, and higher costs related to associate training and development programs in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 Income Tax 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an income tax provision of 7.1 million, reflecting an effective tax rate 24.7 . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an income tax provision of 6.7 million, reflecting an effective tax rate of 24.5 . 
 
 Segment Reporting 
 We have two reportable operating segments: Wealth Management and Mortgage. Our Wealth Management segment consists of operations relating to the Company s fully integrated wealth management products and services. Services provided include deposit, loan, insurance, and trust and investment management advisory products and services for which fee revenue is recognized. Our Mortgage segment consists of operations relating to the Company s residential mortgage service offerings. Services provided by our mortgage segment include soliciting, originating, and selling mortgage loans into the secondary market. Mortgage products are financial in nature for which origination fees are recognized net of origination expenses, upon the funding of the mortgage loans. Mortgage loans held for sale are accounted for under the fair value option with changes in fair value reported through earnings at inception when loans are locked to the borrower and until the loan is sold to third parties, at which time additional gains or losses on the sale are recorded. Mortgage loans originated and held for investment purposes are recorded in the Wealth Management segment, as this segment provides ongoing services to our clients. 
 The following presents key metrics related to our segments during the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Wealth Management Mortgage Consolidated Income (1) 
 102,616 5,318 107,934 Income before taxes 31,139 (2,311) 28,828 Profit margin 30.3 (43.5) 26.7 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Wealth Management Mortgage Consolidated Income (1) 
 79,289 16,119 95,408 Income before taxes 21,378 5,902 27,280 Profit margin 27.0 36.6 28.6 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Net interest income after provision plus non-interest income. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 The following presents selected financial metrics of each segment as of and for the periods presented: 
 Wealth Management 
 As of and for the Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Total interest and dividend income 100,474 62,011 38,463 62.0 Total interest expense 17,270 5,416 11,854 218.9 Provision for loan losses 3,682 1,230 2,452 199.3 Net interest income, after provision for loan losses 79,522 55,365 24,157 43.6 Non-interest income 23,094 23,924 (830) (3.5) Total income before non-interest expense 102,616 79,289 23,327 29.4 Depreciation and amortization expense 2,111 1,147 964 84.0 All other non-interest expense 69,366 56,764 12,602 22.2 Income before income taxes 31,139 21,378 9,761 45.7 Goodwill 30,400 30,588 (188) (0.6) Total assets 2,856,653 2,494,207 362,446 14.5 
 The Wealth Management segment reported income before income tax of 31.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 21.4 million, for the same period in 2021. The increase in net interest income, after provision for loan losses is primarily driven by an increase in average loans outstanding and an increase in average loan yields. Non-interest income primarily decreased due to decreasing assets under management due to client withdrawals, which were also negatively impacted by lower equity and fixed income market valuations, resulting in decreased trust and investment management fees. Non-interest expense increased due to the addition of Teton's operations and additional headcount to support the growth of the Company, and due to increased occupancy and equipment costs primarily driven by building depreciation on the locations acquired with the Teton acquisition and an increase in office lease space related to new Bank locations. 
 Mortgage 
 As of and for the Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Total interest and dividend income Total interest expense Provision for loan losses Net interest income, after provision for loan losses Non-interest income 5,318 16,119 (10,801) (67.0) Total income before non-interest expense 5,318 16,119 (10,801) (67.0) Depreciation and amortization expense 42 53 (11) (20.8) All other non-interest expense 7,587 10,164 (2,577) (25.4) (Loss)/income before income tax (2,311) 5,902 (8,213) (139.2) Total assets 10,095 33,282 (23,187) (69.7) 
 The Mortgage segment reported a loss before income tax of 2.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to income before income tax of 5.9 million for the same period in 2021. The overall decrease in non-interest income was primarily driven by a slowdown in new lock volume on held for sale loans associated with rising interest rates, reduced housing inventory, and origination volume more heavily weighted to portfolio loans held for investment. The decrease in non-interest expense was driven by a reduction in headcount to better align the operations functions with the slowdown in volume. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Condition 
 The following presents our condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of the dates noted (dollars in thousands): 
 December 31, December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Balance Sheet Data: Cash and cash equivalents 196,512 386,983 (190,471) (49.2) Investment securities 81,056 55,562 25,494 45.9 Loans (includes 23,321 and 0 measured at fair value, respectively) 2,469,413 1,949,137 520,276 26.7 Allowance for loan losses (17,183) (13,732) (3,451) 25.1 Loans, net of allowance 2,452,230 1,935,405 516,825 26.7 Loans held for sale at fair value 1,965 1,965 Mortgage loans held for sale, at fair value 8,839 30,620 (21,781) (71.1) Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 32,104 31,902 202 0.6 Company-owned life insurance 16,152 15,803 349 2.2 Other assets 77,890 71,099 6,791 9.6 Assets held for sale 115 (115) Total assets 2,866,748 2,527,489 339,259 13.4 Deposits 2,405,229 2,205,703 199,526 9.0 Borrowings 199,018 77,660 121,358 156.3 Other liabilities 21,637 25,085 (3,448) (13.7) Total liabilities 2,625,884 2,308,448 317,436 13.8 Total shareholders equity 240,864 219,041 21,823 10.0 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 2,866,748 2,527,489 339,259 13.4 
 _____________________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 Cash and cash equivalents decreased by 190.5 million, or 49.2 , to 196.5 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. The decrease in liquidity was driven by record loan production in the second quarter of 2022 with continued strong production in the third and fourth quarters of 2022. 
 Investments increased by 25.5 million, or 45.9 , to 81.1 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. The increase is due to held-to-maturity securities purchased throughout 2022. 
 Loans, net of allowance increased by 516.8 million, or 26.7 , to 2.45 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. The increase was driven by record loan production in the second quarter of 2022 with continued strong production in the third and fourth quarters of 2022. The Company experienced loan growth in all loan categories except Cash, Securities, and Other. 
 Mortgage loans held for sale decreased 21.8 million, or 71.1 , to 8.8 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. The decrease was driven by a reduction in loan origination volume primarily driven by a slowdown in new mortgage loan origination volume associated with the decrease in refinance activity. 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets, net increased by 0.2 million, or 0.6 , to 32.1 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. The increase was driven by measurement period adjustments to the provisional estimates of fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Teton acquisition. During the first quarter of 2022, goodwill was reduced by 0.2 million as a result of a 0.1 million decrease in fair value adjustment to deferred tax liabilities, net and a 0.1 million increase in fair value adjustment to net assets acquired. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 Other assets increased by 6.8 million, or 9.6 , to 77.9 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. This was primarily driven by the purchase of correspondent bank stock during the year, which increased, net of redemptions, by 4.5 million. 
 Deposits increased 199.5 million, or 9.0 , to 2.41 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. The increase was attributable to organic growth through expanded client relationships and increased brokered deposits. 
 Money market deposit accounts increased 279.4 million, or 26.4 , to 1.34 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. Time deposit accounts increased 53.6 million, or 31.4 , to 224.1 million as of December 31, 2022. Negotiable order of withdrawal ("NOW") accounts decreased 75.2 million, or 24.3 , to 234.8 million compared to December 31, 2021. 
 Borrowings increased 121.4 million, or 156.3 , to 199.0 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily attributed to additional FHLB borrowings to support the strong loan growth in 2022, partially offset by the redemption of subordinated notes on January 1, 2022 in the amount of 6.6 million and a reduction in outstanding advances on the Federal Reserve's Paycheck Protection Program Loan Facility. Borrowings from this facility are expected to trend in the same direction as the PPP loan balances. The increase is also attributed to the Company's issuance of subordinated notes on December 5, 2022 (the "December 2022 Sub Notes") totaling 20.0 million in aggregate principal amount. 
 Total shareholders equity increased 21.8 million, or 10.0 , to 240.9 million as of December 31, 2022. The increase is primarily due to net income. 

67 

Table of Contents 

Assets Under Management Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) 2022 2021 Managed Trust Balance at Beginning of Period 2,204 1,890 New relationships 41 27 Closed relationships (24) (2) Contributions 12 62 Withdrawals (292) (192) Acquisitions 184 Market change, net (139) 235 Ending Balance 1,802 2,204 Yield 0.19 0.15 Directed Trust Balance at Beginning of Period 1,309 951 New relationships 7 131 Closed relationships (4) (7) Contributions 122 52 Withdrawals (22) (26) Acquisitions 133 Market change, net (127) 75 Ending Balance 1,285 1,309 Yield 0.90 0.70 Investment Agency Balance at Beginning of Period 2,063 1,840 New relationships 61 75 Closed relationships (61) (77) Contributions 120 269 Withdrawals (294) (216) Market change, net (271) 172 Ending Balance 1,618 2,063 Yield 0.77 0.68 Custody Balance at Beginning of Period 633 518 New relationships 16 Closed relationships (1) (2) Contributions 80 81 Withdrawals (192) (26) Market change, net (43) 62 Ending Balance 493 633 Yield 0.04 0.03 401(k)/Retirement Balance at Beginning of Period 1,143 1,056 New relationships 14 8 Closed relationships (45) (122) Contributions 112 110 Withdrawals (96) (110) Market change, net (219) 201 Ending Balance (1) 
 909 1,143 Yield 0.18 0.14 Total Assets Under Management at Beginning of Period 7,352 6,255 New relationships 139 241 Closed relationships (135) (210) Contributions 446 574 Withdrawals (896) (570) Acquisitions 317 Market change, net (799) 745 Total Assets Under Management 6,107 7,352 Yield 0.31 0.27 
 _____________________________ 
 Trust and investment management fees divided by period-end balance. 
 (1) AUM reported for the current period are one quarter in arrears. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Assets under management decreased 1.24 billion, or 16.9 , to 6.11 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily attributable to client withdrawals and unfavorable market conditions resulting in a decrease in the value of assets under management balances. 
 Investment securities 
 Investments we intend to hold for an indefinite period of time, but not necessarily to maturity, are classified as available-for-sale and are recorded at fair value using current market information from a pricing service, with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported in other comprehensive income, net of tax. The carrying values of our investment securities classified as available-for-sale are adjusted for unrealized gain or loss, and any gain or loss is reported on an after-tax basis as a component of other comprehensive income in shareholders equity. 
 Investments for which we have the intent and ability to hold to their maturity are classified as held-to-maturity securities and are recorded at amortized cost. Securities held-to-maturity are carried at cost, adjusted for the amortization of premiums and the accretion of discounts using the level-yield method over the remaining period until maturity. 
 As of December 31, 2021, all our investments in securities were classified as available-for-sale. The Company reassessed classification of investment securities and, effective April 1, 2022, elected to transfer all securities, fair valued at 58.7 million, from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity. The related unrealized loss of 2.3 million included in other comprehensive income on April 1, 2022 remained in other comprehensive income and is being amortized out with an offsetting entry to interest income as a yield adjustment through earnings over the remaining term of the securities. No gain or loss was recorded at the time of transfer. As of December 31, 2022. all of our investment securities were classified as held-to-maturity. 
 The following presents the amortized cost and estimated fair value of our investment securities as of the dates noted (dollars in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Investment securities held-to-maturity: U.S. Treasury debt 243 (9) 234 Corporate bonds 23,819 (2,453) 21,366 Government National Mortgage Association ("GNMA") mortgage -backed securities residential 39,426 (2,800) 36,626 Federal National Mortgage Association ("FNMA") mortgage-backed securities residential 6,708 (506) 6,202 Government collateralized mortgage obligations ("GMO") and mortgage-backed securities ("MBS") - commercial 6,786 13 (403) 6,396 Corporate collateralized mortgage obligations ("CMO") and mortgage-backed securities ("MBS") 4,074 (180) 3,894 Total securities held-to-maturity 81,056 13 (6,351) 74,718 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Investment securities available-for-sale: U.S. Treasury debt 250 (3) 247 U.S. Government Agency 3,522 3,522 Corporate bonds 8,113 227 (15) 8,325 GNMA mortgage-backed securities residential 26,611 185 (146) 26,650 FNMA mortgage-backed securities residential 14,400 43 14,443 GMO and MBS commercial 878 878 CMO and MBS 1,492 23 (18) 1,497 Total securities available-for-sale 55,266 478 (182) 55,562 
 The following presents the book value of our contractual maturities and weighted average yield for our investment securities as of the dates presented. Contractual maturities may differ from expected maturities because issuers can have the right to call or prepay obligations without penalties. Our investments are taxable securities. The weighted average yield for each range of maturities was calculated using the yield on each security within that range weighted by the amortized cost of each security as of December 31, 2022. Weighted average yields are not presented on a taxable equivalent basis. 
 Maturity as of December 31, 2022 One Year or Less One to Five Years Five to Ten Years After Ten Years (Dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Weighted Average Yield Amortized Cost Weighted Average Yield Amortized Cost Weighted Average Yield Amortized Cost Weighted Average Yield Held-to-maturity: U.S. Treasury debt 243 U.S. Government agency Corporate bonds 1,991 0.11 21,548 1.20 280 0.01 GNMA mortgage-backed securities - residential 103 39,323 1.22 FNMA mortgage-backed securities - residential 1,334 0.02 5,374 0.12 Government CMO and MBS - commercial 47 1,200 0.04 5,539 0.14 Corporate CMO and MBS 26 4,048 0.19 Total held-to-maturity 2,384 0.11 24,108 1.26 54,564 1.68 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Maturity as of December 31, 2021 One Year or Less One to Five Years Five to Ten Years After Ten Years (Dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Weighted Average Yield Amortized Cost Weighted Average Yield Amortized Cost Weighted Average Yield Amortized Cost Weighted Average Yield Available-for-sale: U.S. Treasury debt 250 U.S. Government agency 506 0.02 164 1,190 0.04 1,662 0.07 Corporate bonds 8,113 0.71 GNMA mortgage-backed securities - residential 26,611 0.92 FNMA mortgage-backed securities - residential 176 0.01 2,183 0.10 12,041 0.36 Government CMO and MBS - commercial 202 0.01 676 0.04 Corporate CMO and MBS 33 1,459 0.07 Total available-for-sale 506 0.02 792 0.02 11,519 0.85 42,449 1.46 
 _____________________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. Government and its agencies, in an amount greater than 10 of shareholders equity. 
 Loan Portfolio 
 Our primary source of interest income is derived through interest earned on loans to high net worth individuals and their related commercial interests. Our senior lending and credit team consists of seasoned, experienced personnel and we believe that our officers are well versed in the types of lending in which we are engaged. Underwriting policies and decisions are managed centrally and the approval process is tiered based on loan size, making the process consistent, efficient, and effective. The management team and credit culture demands prudent, practical, and conservative approaches to all credit requests in compliance with the loan policy guidelines to ensure strong credit underwriting practices. 
 In addition to originating loans for our own portfolio, we conduct mortgage banking activities in which we originate and sell, servicing-released, whole loans in the secondary market. Our mortgage banking loan sales activities are primarily directed at originating single family mortgages that are priced and underwritten to conform to previously agreed-upon criteria before loan funding and are delivered to the investor shortly after funding. The level of future loan originations, loan sales and loan repayments depends on overall credit availability, the interest rate environment, the strength of the general economy, local real estate markets and the housing industry, and conditions in the secondary loan sale market. The amount of gain or loss on the sale of loans is primarily driven by market conditions and changes in interest rates, as well as our pricing and asset liability management strategies. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had mortgage loans held for sale of 8.8 million and 30.6 million, respectively, in residential mortgage loans we originated. 
 Beginning in the first quarter of 2022, the Company entered into whole loan purchase agreements to acquire third party originated and serviced unsecured consumer loans to hold for investment and elected the fair value option to account for these loans. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has 23.3 million in loans accounted for under the fair value option with an unpaid principal balance of 23.4 million. See Note 17 - Fair Value in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 As of December 31, 2022 , the Company has 7.1 million in PPP loans outstanding with 0.2 million in remaining fees to be recognized. The remaining fees represent the net amount of the fees from the SBA for participation in the PPP less the loan origination costs on these loans. The current amortization of this income is being recognized over a five-year period from the time of origination, however, if a loan receives full forgiveness from the SBA or if the borrower repays the loan, the remaining income will be recognized upon payoff. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 The following presents our loan portfolio by type of loan as of the dates noted (dollars in thousands): 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Amount of Total Amount of Total Cash, Securities, and Other (1) 
 165,670 6.6 261,190 13.4 Consumer and Other (2) 
 49,954 2.0 34,758 1.8 Construction and Development 288,497 11.7 178,716 9.1 1-4 Family Residential 898,154 36.3 580,872 29.7 Non-Owner Occupied CRE 496,776 20.1 482,622 24.7 Owner Occupied CRE 216,056 8.7 212,426 10.9 Commercial and Industrial 361,028 14.6 203,584 10.4 Total loans held for investment (3) 
 2,476,135 100.0 1,954,168 100.0 Mortgage loans held for sale, at fair value 8,839 30,620 Loans held for sale, at fair value 1,965 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Includes PPP loans of 7.1 million and 46.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes loans held for investment accounted for under fair value option of 23.4 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Loans held for investment exclude deferred fees, unamortized premiums/(unaccreted discounts), net, and fair value adjustments on loans held for investment accounted for under fair value option, which collectively totaled 6.7) million and 5.0) million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Cash, Securities and Other consists of consumer and commercial purpose loans that are primarily secured by securities managed and under custody with us, cash on deposit with us or life insurance policies. In addition, loans in this portfolio are collateralized with other sources of collateral. This segment of our portfolio is affected by a variety of local and national economic factors affecting borrowers employment prospects, income levels, and overall economic sentiment. PPP loans that are fully guaranteed by the SBA are classified within this line item and had balances of 7.1 million and 46.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Consumer and Other consists of unsecured consumer loans. Loans held for investment accounted for under the fair value option are also classified within this line item and had a balance of 23.4 million as of December 31, 2022. There were no loans held for investment accounted for under the fair value option as of December 31, 2021. 
 Construction and Development consists of loans to finance the construction of residential and non-residential properties. These loans are dependent on the strength of the industries of the related borrowers and the risks consistent with construction projects. 
 1-4 Family Residential consists of loans and home equity lines of credit secured by 1-4 family residential properties. These loans typically enable borrowers to purchase or refinance existing homes, most of which serve as the primary residence of the owner. In addition, some borrowers secure a commercial purpose loan with owner occupied or non-owner occupied 1-4 family residential properties. Loans in this segment are dependent on the industries tied to these loans as well as the national and local economies, and local residential and commercial real estate markets. 
 Commercial Real Estate, Owner Occupied and Non-Owner Occupied consists of commercial loans collateralized by real estate. These loans may be collateralized by owner occupied or non-owner occupied real estate, as well as multi-family residential real estate. These loans are dependent on the strength of the industries of the related borrowers and the success of their businesses. 
 Commercial and Industrial consists of commercial and industrial loans, including working capital lines of credit, permanent working capital term loans, business asset loans, acquisition, expansion and development loans, and other loan products, primarily in our target markets. This portfolio primarily consists of term loans and lines of credit which are dependent on the strength of the industries of the related borrowers and the success of their businesses. MSLP loans of 6.6 million and 6.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are included in this category. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 The contractual maturity ranges of loans in our loan portfolio and the amount of such loans with fixed and floating interest rates in each maturity range, excluding deferred fees, and unamortized premiums/(unaccreted discounts), as of the dates noted, are summarized in the following tables: 
 As of December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) One Year or Less One Through Five Years Five Through Fifteen Years After Fifteen Years Total Cash, Securities, and Other 58,439 (1) 
 104,844 (1) 
 1,555 832 165,670 Consumer and Other (2) 
 17,552 29,127 2,241 1,034 49,954 Construction and Development 71,169 201,651 15,427 250 288,497 1-4 Family Residential 25,858 179,112 34,116 659,068 898,154 Non-Owner Occupied CRE 34,399 259,240 186,378 16,759 496,776 Owner Occupied CRE 6,443 81,575 115,526 12,512 216,056 Commercial and Industrial 94,555 216,787 49,686 361,028 Total loans 308,415 1,072,336 404,929 690,455 2,476,135 Amounts with fixed rates 127,052 505,674 203,041 87,573 923,340 Amounts with floating rates 181,363 566,662 201,888 602,882 1,552,795 Total loans 308,415 1,072,336 404,929 690,455 2,476,135 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Includes PPP loans. 
 (2) Includes loans held for investment accounted for under fair value option 
 As of December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) One Year or Less One Through Five Years Five Through Fifteen Years After Fifteen Years Total Cash, Securities, and Other 113,984 (1) 
 137,675 (1) 
 5,434 4,097 261,190 Consumer and Other 22,314 11,214 127 1,103 34,758 Construction and Development 74,111 96,817 7,788 178,716 1-4 Family Residential 24,824 126,681 33,085 396,282 580,872 Non-Owner Occupied CRE 66,036 275,057 125,330 16,199 482,622 Owner Occupied CRE 5,255 66,656 129,890 10,625 212,426 Commercial and Industrial 46,742 107,596 49,246 203,584 Total loans 353,266 821,696 350,900 428,306 1,954,168 Amounts with fixed rates 120,549 506,040 253,223 26,682 906,494 Amounts with floating rates 232,717 315,656 97,677 401,624 1,047,674 Total loans 353,266 821,696 350,900 428,306 1,954,168 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Includes PPP loans. 
 Loan Modifications 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, a loan modification program was designed and implemented to assist our clients experiencing financial stress resulting from the economic impacts caused by the global pandemic. The Company offered loan extensions, temporary payment moratoriums, and financial covenant waivers for commercial and consumer borrowers impacted by the pandemic who had a pass risk rating and had not been delinquent over 30 days on payments in the last two years. 
 The CARES Act provides banks optional, temporary relief from accounting for certain loan modifications as a TDR. The modifications must be related to the adverse effects of COVID-19, and certain other criteria are required to be met in order to apply the relief. Interagency guidance from Federal Reserve and the FDIC confirmed with the FASB that short-term modifications made on a good faith basis in response to COVID-19 to borrowers who were current prior to any relief, are not to be considered TDRs. We believe our loan modification program meets that definition. In accordance with 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 that guidance, the Company is recognizing interest income on all loans modified for temporary payment moratoriums, primarily for a period of 180 days or less. 
 In 2021, the deferral period ended for all non-acquired loans previously modified and payments resumed under the original terms. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's loan portfolio included 49 non-acquired loans which were previously modified under the loan modification program, totaling 78.4 million. Through the Teton acquisition, the Company acquired loans which were previously modified and are still in their deferral period. As of December 31, 2022, there were 14 of these loans, totaling 3.3 million. 
 All loans modified in response to COVID-19 are classified as performing and pass rated as of December 31, 2022. Non-acquired COVID modified loans are included in the allowance for loan loss general reserve in accordance with ASC 450-20. Management has increased our loan level reviews and portfolio monitoring to address the changing environment. Management believes the diversity of the loan portfolio is prudent and remains consistent with the credit culture and goals of the Bank. 
 Interest accrued during the modification term on modified loans is deferred to the end of the loan term. As of December 31, 2022, no allowance for loan loss was deemed necessary on the accrued interest balances related to loan modifications. 
 Non-Performing Assets 
 Non-performing assets include non-accrual loans, TDRs, and OREO. The accrual of interest on loans is discontinued at the time the loan becomes 90 or more days delinquent unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection or renewal due to maturity. Past due status is based on the contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on non-accrual status or charged off if collection of interest or principal is considered doubtful. 
 OREO represents assets acquired through, or in lieu of, foreclosure. The amounts reported as OREO are supported by recent appraisals, with the appraised values adjusted, where applicable, for expected transaction fees likely to be incurred upon sale of the property. We incur recurring expenses relating to OREO in the form of maintenance, taxes, insurance and legal fees, among others, until the OREO parcel is disposed. While disposition efforts with respect to our OREO are generally ongoing, if these properties are appraised at lower-than-expected values or if we are unable to sell the properties at the prices for which we expect to be able to sell them, we may incur additional losses. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized an immaterial amount of gains on the sale of OREO. 
 The amount of lost interest for non-accrual loans was 0.2 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 We had 12.3 million and 4.3 million in non-performing assets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The increase in non-performing assets is related to the addition of 8.9 million for two related problem loan credits at the end of the fourth quarter. The Company did not add a specific reserve to these new problem credits due to adequate collateral coverage as of December 31, 2022. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 The following presents information regarding non-performing loans as of the dates indicated: 
 As of December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Non-accrual loans by category (1) 
 Cash, Securities, and Other 4 6 Consumer and Other 146 2 Construction and Development 201 1-4 Family Residential 75 Owner Occupied CRE 1,165 1,241 Commercial and Industrial 10,833 2,938 Total non-accrual loans 12,349 4,262 TDRs still accruing 55 Total non-performing loans 12,349 4,317 OREO Total non-performing assets 12,349 4,317 Non-accrual loans to total loans (2) 
 0.50 0.22 Non-performing loans to total loans (2) 
 0.50 0.22 Non-performing assets to total assets 0.43 0.17 Allowance for loan losses to non-accrual loans 139.14 322.20 Allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans 139.14 317.36 Accruing loans 90 or more days past due 25 10 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, all but three non-accrual loans, totaling 9.1 million, were also classified as TDRs. As of December 31, 2021, all but one non-accrual loan, totaling an immaterial amount, was also classified as a TDR. See Note 5 Loans and the Allowance for Loan Losses to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (2) Excludes mortgage loans held for sale of 8.8 million and 30.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Excludes loans held for sale, at fair value of 2.0 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Potential Problem Loans 
 We categorize loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of the borrowers to service their debt, such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among other factors. We analyze loans individually by classifying the loans by credit risk on a quarterly basis, which are segregated into the following definitions for risk ratings: 
 Special Mention Loans categorized as special mention have a potential weakness or borrowing relationships that require more than the usual amount of management attention. Adverse industry conditions, deteriorating financial conditions, declining trends, management problems, documentation deficiencies, or other similar weaknesses may be evident. Ability to meet current payment schedules may be questionable, even though interest and principal are still being paid as agreed. The asset has potential weaknesses that may result in deteriorating repayment prospects if left uncorrected. Loans in this risk grade are not considered adversely classified. 
 Substandard Substandard loans are considered "classified" and are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardizes the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Loans in this category may be placed on non-accrual status and may individually be evaluated for impairment if indicators of impairment exist. 
 Doubtful Loans graded doubtful are considered "classified" and have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as Substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently known facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. However, the amount or certainty of eventual loss is not known because of specific pending factors. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Loans accounted for under the fair value option are not rated. 
 Loans not meeting any of the three criteria above are considered to be pass-rated loans. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, non-performing loans of 12.2 million and 4.3 million, respectively, were included in the substandard category in the table below. The following presents, by class and by credit quality indicator, the recorded investment in our loans as of the dates noted (dollars in thousands): 
 As of December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Pass Special Mention Substandard Not Rated Total Cash, Securities and Other (1) 
 165,666 4 165,670 Consumer and Other (2) 
 26,539 23,415 49,954 Construction and Development 288,296 201 288,497 1-4 Family Residential 898,154 898,154 Non-Owner Occupied CRE 496,776 496,776 Owner Occupied CRE 214,891 1,165 216,056 Commercial and Industrial 347,803 2,392 10,833 361,028 Total 2,438,125 2,392 12,203 23,415 2,476,135 
 As of December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Pass Special Mention Substandard Not Rated Total Cash, Securities and Other (1) 
 261,184 6 261,190 Consumer and Other 34,756 2 34,758 Construction and Development 176,194 2,522 178,716 1-4 Family Residential 580,797 75 580,872 Non-Owner Occupied CRE 476,670 5,952 482,622 Owner Occupied CRE 210,493 1,933 212,426 Commercial and Industrial 198,368 401 4,815 203,584 Total 1,938,462 8,875 6,831 1,954,168 _____________________________ 
 (1) Includes PPP loans of 7.1 million and 46.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes 23.4 million of unpaid principal balance of loans held for investment accounted for under fair value option as of December 31, 2022. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for loan losses, which is a noncash charge to earnings. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes that a loan balance is confirmed uncollectible. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance for loan losses. 
 The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a regular basis by management and is based upon management s periodic review of the collectability of the loans in light of historical experience, the nature and dollar volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying collateral, and prevailing economic conditions. Allocations of the allowance for loan losses may be made for specific loans, but the entire allowance for loan losses is available for any loan that, in management s judgment, should be charged off. 
 We are closely monitoring the changing dynamics in the economy and the related impacts to our clients. Our clientele is generally comprised of high net-worth individuals and commercial borrowers with strong credit profiles and multiple sources of repayment. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a provision of 3.7 million. Management will continue to closely monitor the loan portfolio and analyze the economic data to assess the impact on the allowance for loan loss. We believe the allowance for loan losses is adequate as of December 31, 2022. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 The following presents summary information regarding our allowance for loan losses for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Average loans outstanding (1)(2) 
 2,154,253 1,594,084 Total loans outstanding at end of period (3) 
 2,469,413 1,949,137 Allowance for loan losses at beginning of period 13,732 12,539 Provision for loan losses 3,682 1,230 Charge-offs: Cash, Securities, and Other (1) Consumer and Other (262) (44) Construction and Development 1-4 Family Residential Non-Owner Occupied CRE Owner Occupied CRE Commercial and Industrial (71) Total charge-offs (334) (44) Recoveries: Cash, Securities, and Other 7 Consumer and Other 103 Construction and Development 1-4 Family Residential Non-Owner Occupied CRE Owner Occupied CRE Commercial and Industrial Total recoveries 103 7 Net (charge-offs) recoveries (231) (37) Allowance for loan losses at end of period 17,183 13,732 Allowance for loan losses to total loans (4) 
 0.70 0.70 Net charge-offs to average loans 0.01 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Average balances are average daily balances. 
 (2) Excludes average outstanding balances of mortgage loans held for sale of 15.6 million and 88.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (3) Excludes mortgage loans held for sale of 8.8 million and 30.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Excludes loans held for sale, at fair value of 2.0 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 (4) End of period loans as of December 31, 2022 includes 234.7 million in acquired loans and 7.1 million in PPP loans, of which 0.7 million are acquired PPP loans. No reserve is allocated for these loans. Excluding these loans would result in an increase of the ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 ) Immaterial 
 The following represents the allocation of the allowance for loan losses among loan categories and other summary information. The allocation for loan losses by category should neither be interpreted as an indication of future charge-offs, nor as an indication that charge-offs in future periods will necessarily occur in these amounts or in the indicated 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 proportions. The allocation of a portion of the allowance for loan losses to one category of loans does not preclude its availability to absorb losses in other categories. 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Amount (1) 
 Amount (1) 
 Cash, Securities and Other 1,198 6.6 1,598 13.4 Consumer and Other 191 2.0 266 1.8 Construction and Development 2,025 11.7 1,092 9.1 1-4 Family Residential 6,309 36.3 3,553 29.7 Non-Owner Occupied CRE 3,490 20.1 2,952 24.7 Owner Occupied CRE 1,510 8.7 1,292 10.9 Commercial and Industrial 2,460 14.6 2,979 10.4 Total allowance for loan losses 17,183 100.0 13,732 100.0 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Represents the percentage of loans to total loans in the respective category. 
 Deferred Tax Assets, Net 
 Deferred tax assets, net represent the differences in timing of when items are recognized for GAAP purposes and when they are recognized for tax purposes, as well as our net operating losses. Our deferred tax assets, net, are valued based on the amounts that are expected to be recovered in the future utilizing the tax rates in effect at the time recognized. Our deferred tax assets, net, for the year ended December 31, 2022, increased 0.1 million from December 31, 2021. 
 Deposits 
 Our deposit products include money market accounts, demand deposit accounts, time-deposit accounts (typically certificates of deposit), NOW accounts (interest checking accounts), and saving accounts. Our accounts are federally insured by the FDIC up to the legal maximum amount. 
 Total deposits increased by 199.5 million, or 9.0 , to 2.41 billion as of December 31, 2022 from December 31, 2021. The increase was driven primarily by organic growth through expanded client relationships. Total average deposits for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 2.22 billion, an increase of 485.4 million, or 27.9 , compared to 1.74 billion as of December 31, 2021. 
 The following presents the average balances and average rates paid on deposits during the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 
 As of and For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Average Rate Average Balance Average Rate Deposits Money market deposit accounts 1,060,258 1.00 899,970 0.23 NOW accounts 297,134 0.18 134,039 0.17 Uninsured time deposits 52,457 1.26 43,199 1.28 Other time deposits 112,967 1.12 104,637 0.63 Total time deposits 165,424 1.16 147,836 0.82 Savings accounts 30,942 0.04 6,096 0.03 Total interest-bearing deposits 1,553,758 0.84 1,187,941 0.29 Noninterest-bearing accounts 670,299 550,683 Total deposits 2,224,057 0.59 1,738,624 0.20 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Average noninterest-bearing deposits to average total deposits was 30.1 and 31.7 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Our average cost of funds was 0.73 and 0.29 during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase was driven by a 54 basis point increase in interest bearing deposit costs consistent with the higher interest rate environment. 
 Total money market accounts as of December 31, 2022 were 1.34 billion, an increase of 279.4 million, or 26.4 , compared to 1.06 billion as of December 31, 2021. NOW accounts decreased 75.2 million, or 24.3 , to 234.8 million compared to December 31, 2021. 
 Total time deposits as of December 31, 2022 were 224.1 million, an increase of 53.6 million, or 31.4 , compared to December 31, 2021. 
 The following presents the amount of certificates of deposit by time remaining until maturity as of December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 
 (Dollars in thousands) Three Months or Less Three to Six Months Six to 12 Months After 12 Months Total Uninsured Time Deposits 4,608 19,900 33,139 29,348 86,995 Other 41,271 32,006 50,112 13,706 137,095 Total 45,879 51,906 83,251 43,054 224,090 
 Borrowings 
 We have short-term and long-term borrowing sources available to supplement deposits and meet our liquidity needs. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, borrowings totaled 199.0 million and 77.7 million, respectively. On January 1, 2022, the Company redeemed subordinated notes due December 31, 2026 in the amount of 6.6 million, which were redeemable on or after January 1, 2022. On December 5, 2022, the Company completed the issuance and sale of subordinated notes totaling 20.0 million in aggregate principal amount. The issuance included 0.5 million of issuance costs resulting in a net balance of 19.5 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 The increase in other borrowings is primarily attributed to additional FHLB borrowings to support the strong loan growth in 2022, partially offset by the paydown of loans in the Paycheck Protection Program Loan Facility ("PPPLF") from the Federal Reserve with a period end balance of 5.4 million and the redemption of 6.6 million in subordinated notes . Borrowing from the PPPLF facility is expected to trend in the same direction as the PPP loan balances. The following presents balances of each of the borrowing facilities as of the dates noted (dollars in thousands): 
 December 31, December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Borrowings FHLB borrowings 141,498 15,000 Federal Reserve borrowings 5,388 23,629 Subordinated notes 52,132 39,031 Total 199,018 77,660 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 FHLB 
 We have a blanket pledge and security agreement with FHLB that requires certain loans and securities to be pledged as collateral for any outstanding borrowings under the agreement. The collateral pledged as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 amounted to 1.26 billion and 771.4 million, respectively. Based on this collateral and the Company s holdings of FHLB stock, the Company was eligible to borrow an additional 751.2 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of and for the Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 Short-term borrowings Maximum outstanding at any month-end during the period 310,921 Balance outstanding at end of period 141,498 Average outstanding during the period 88,102 Average interest rate during the period 0.99 Average interest rate at the end of the period 2.11 
 The Bank has borrowing capacity associated with two unsecured federal funds lines of credit up to 10 million and 19 million. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding on any of the federal funds lines. 
 Our borrowing facilities include various financial and other covenants, including, but not limited to, a requirement that the Bank maintains regulatory capital that is deemed "well capitalized" by federal banking agencies. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with the covenant requirements. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity resources primarily include interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing deposits which primarily contribute to our ability to raise funds to support asset growth, acquisitions, and meet deposit withdrawals and other payment obligations. Access to purchased funds primarily include the ability to borrow from FHLB, other correspondent banks and the use of brokered deposits. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 The following presents, during the periods presented, the composition of our funding sources and the average assets in which those funds are invested as a percentage of average total assets for the periods presented. 
 Average Percentage for the Year Ended December 31, Average Percentage for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Sources of Funds: Deposits: Noninterest-bearing 25.72 26.73 Interest-bearing 59.62 57.67 FHLB and Federal Reserve borrowings 3.72 5.05 Subordinated notes 1.31 1.42 Other liabilities 0.81 0.90 Shareholders equity 8.82 8.23 Total 100.00 100.00 Uses of Funds: Total loans 82.09 76.77 Investment securities 2.84 1.50 Correspondent bank stock 0.19 0.10 Mortgage loans held for sale 0.60 4.30 Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions 9.54 12.71 Federal funds sold 0.03 0.07 Noninterest-earning assets 4.71 4.55 Total 100.00 100.00 Average noninterest-bearing deposits to total average deposits 30.14 31.67 Average loans to total average deposits 96.86 91.69 Average interest-bearing deposits to total average deposits 69.86 68.33 
 Our primary source of funds is interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing deposits, and our primary use of funds is loans. We do not expect a change in the primary source or use of our funds in the foreseeable future. 
 Capital Resources 
 Total shareholders equity increased 21.8 million, or 10.0 , to 240.9 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily due to net income. 
 On January 6, 2022, the Company filed a Form S-3 Registration Statement with the SEC providing that the Company may offer and sell from time to time, separately or together, in multiple series or in one or more offerings, any combination of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, depository shares and units, up to a maximum aggregate offer price of 100 million. 
 We are subject to various regulatory capital adequacy requirements at a consolidated level and the bank level. These requirements are administered by federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and, additionally for banks, the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, we must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of our assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. 
 Capital levels are viewed as important indicators of an institution s financial soundness by banking regulators. Generally, FDIC-insured depository institutions and their holding companies are required to maintain minimum capital relative to the amount and types of assets they hold. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, our 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 holding company and Bank were in compliance with all applicable regulatory capital requirements, and the Bank was classified as "well capitalized," for purposes of the prompt corrective action regulations. As we continue to grow our operations and maintain capital requirements, our regulatory capital levels may decrease depending on our level of earnings. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, First Western made capital injections of 6.0 million and 2.9 million, respectively, into the Bank. We continue to monitor growth and control our capital activities in order to remain in compliance with all applicable regulatory capital standards. 
 The following presents our regulatory capital ratios for the dates noted. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Bank 234,738 0.10 203,164 0.11 Consolidated 212,229 0.09 188,777 0.11 CET1 to risk-weighted assets Bank 234,738 0.10 203,164 0.11 Consolidated 212,229 0.09 188,777 0.11 Total capital to risk-weighted assets Bank 252,398 0.11 217,215 0.12 Consolidated 282,889 0.12 242,388 0.14 Tier 1 capital to average assets Bank 234,738 0.09 203,164 0.10 Consolidated 212,229 0.08 188,777 0.09 
 Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We enter into credit-related financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of our clients. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit. Such commitments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Commitments may expire without being utilized. Our exposure to loan loss is represented by the contractual amount of these commitments, although material losses are not anticipated. We follow the same credit policies in making commitments as we do for on-balance sheet instruments. 
 The following presents future contractual obligations to make future payments for the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 1 Year or Less More than 1 Year but Less than 3 Years More than 3 Years but Less than 5 Years 5 Years or More Total FHLB and Federal Reserve 141,498 5,388 146,886 Subordinated notes 52,132 (1) 
 52,132 Time deposits 181,036 35,890 7,164 224,090 Minimum lease payments 3,228 5,224 1,544 1,752 11,748 Total 325,762 41,114 14,096 53,884 434,856 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Reflects contractual maturity dates of March 31, 2030, December 1, 2030, September 1, 2031, and December 15, 2032. 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 The following presents financial instruments whose contract amounts represent credit risk, as of the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 
 December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Fixed Rate Variable Rate Fixed Rate Variable Rate Unused lines of credit 211,285 601,202 136,289 442,035 Standby letters of credit 8,571 16,737 2,420 20,940 Commitments to make loans to sell 13,553 60,529 Commitments to make loans 20,895 81,663 16,256 14,920 
 We may enter into contracts for services in the conduct of ordinary business operations, which may require payment for services to be provided in the future and may contain penalty clauses for early termination of the contracts. We do not believe these off-balance sheet arrangements have or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. However, there can be no assurance that such arrangements will not have an effect on future operations. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Our accounting policies and procedures are described in Note 1 - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity and Market Risk 
 Market risk is the risk of loss in a financial instrument arising from adverse changes in market prices and rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and equity prices. Our market risk arises primarily from interest rate risk inherent in lending, investing and deposit taking activities. To that end, management actively monitors and manages interest rate risk exposure. We do not have any market risk sensitive instruments entered into for trading purposes. 
 Management uses various asset/liability strategies to manage the re-pricing characteristics of our assets and liabilities designed to ensure that exposure to interest rate fluctuations is limited within established guidelines of acceptable levels of risk-taking. 
 The board of directors monitors interest rate risk by analyzing the potential impact on the net economic value of equity and net interest income from potential changes in interest rates, and considers the impact of alternative strategies or changes in balance sheet structure. We manage our balance sheet in part to maintain the potential impact on economic value of equity and net interest income within acceptable ranges despite changes in interest rates. 
 Our exposure to interest rate risk is reviewed at least quarterly by the board of directors. Interest rate risk exposure is measured using interest rate sensitivity analysis to determine the change in economic value of equity in the event of hypothetical changes in interest rates. If potential changes to net economic value of equity and net interest income resulting from hypothetical interest rate changes are not within the limits established by our board of directors, the board of directors may direct management to adjust the asset and liability mix to bring interest rate risk within board-approved limits. 
 The following presents the sensitivity in net interest income and fair value of equity as of the dates indicated, using a parallel ramp scenario. 
 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 Change in Interest Rates (Basis Points) Percent Change in Net Interest Income Percent Change in Fair Value of Equity Percent Change in Net Interest Income Percent Change in Fair Value of Equity 200 (2.26) (9.99) 9.31 11.43 100 (1.13) (5.09) 4.88 7.78 Base -100 1.08 2.07 (2.58) (26.39) -200 4.33 (4.27) (3.32) (46.36) 
 The model simulations as of December 31, 2022 imply that our balance sheet has shifted to a more neutral position in terms of interest rate sensitivity compared to our balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. Further, our balance sheet is better positioned to protect net interest margin in a declining interest rate environment as of December 31, 2022 compared to our balance sheet as of December 31, 2021. 
 Although the simulation model is useful in identifying potential exposure to interest rate changes, actual results for net interest income and economic value of equity may differ. There are a variety of factors that can impact the outcomes such as timing and magnitude of interest rate changes, asset and liability mix, pre-payment speeds, deposit beta assumptions, and decay rates that differ from our projections. Additionally, the results do not account for actions implemented to manage our interest rate risk exposure. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 Our consolidated financial statements and related notes included within this Form 10-K have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars, without considering changes in the relative value of money over time due to inflation or recession. 
 Our assets and liabilities are substantially monetary in nature. Therefore, changes in interest rates can significantly impact our performance beyond the general effects of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 or magnitude as prices of general goods and services, while other operating expenses can be correlated with the impact of general levels of inflation. 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 Our financial statements and accompanying notes, including the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, are set forth on pages F-1 to F-57 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Audited Financial Statements 
 Description Page Number Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F- 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 F- 6 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 8 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Shareholders and the Board of Directors 
 First Western Financial, Inc. 
 Denver, Colorado 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of First Western Financial, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 
 
 March 15, 2023 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 FIRST WESTERN FINANCIAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Cash and cash equivalents: Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions Total cash and cash equivalents Available-for-sale securities, at fair value Held-to-maturity securities, at amortized cost (fair value of as of December 31, 2022) 
 Correspondent bank stock, at cost Mortgage loans held for sale, at fair value Loans held for sale, at fair value Loans (includes and measured at fair value, respectively) 
 Allowance for loan losses ) ) Loans, net Premises and equipment, net Accrued interest receivable Accounts receivable Other receivables Goodwill and other intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets, net Company-owned life insurance Other assets Assets held for sale Total assets Liabilities Deposits: Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits Borrowings: Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve borrowings Subordinated notes Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders' Equity Preferred stock - par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 Common stock - par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss)/income ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 FIRST WESTERN FINANCIAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Interest and dividend income: Loans, including fees Loans accounted for under the fair value option Investment securities Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions Dividends, restricted stock Total interest and dividend income Interest expense: Deposits Other borrowed funds Total interest expense Net interest income Less: Provision for loan losses Net interest income, after provision for loan losses Non-interest income: Trust and investment management fees Net gain on mortgage loans Bank fees Risk management and insurance fees Income on company-owned life insurance Net gain on equity interests Net loss on loans accounted for under the fair value option ) Unrealized gain recognized on equity securities Other Total non-interest income Total income before non-interest expense Non-interest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Professional services Technology and information systems Data processing Marketing Amortization of other intangible assets Net gain on assets held for sale ) Net gain on sale of other real estate owned ) Other Total non-interest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income available to common shareholders Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 FIRST WESTERN FINANCIAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive (loss)/income: Unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities ) ) Income tax effect Amortization of net unrealized loss for the reclassification of available-for-sale securities transferred to held-to-maturity included in interest income Income tax effect ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive income 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 FIRST WESTERN FINANCIAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Shares Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other ComprehensiveLoss Total Balance, December 31, 2020 Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Settlement of share awards ) ) Issuance of common stock for Teton Acquisition Options exercised Stock-based compensation Balance, December 31, 2021 Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Settlement of share awards ) ) Options exercised Stock-based compensation Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 FIRST WESTERN FINANCIAL, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Net amortization of investment securities Stock dividends received on correspondent bank stock ) ) Provision for loan losses Net gain on mortgage loans ) ) Origination of mortgage loans ) ) Proceeds from mortgage loans Gain on disposal of fixed assets and intangibles ) Depreciation and amortization Net amortization of purchase accounting adjustments Deferred income tax expense (benefit), net of valuation allowance ) Increase in cash surrender value of company-owned life insurance ) ) Stock-based compensation Gain on sale of other real estate owned ) Change in fair value of equity securities ) ) Change in fair value of loans accounted for under the fair value option Change in fair value of mortgage loans and mortgage banking derivatives (Gain)/loss on assets held for sale ) Net changes in operating assets and liabilities: Change in accounts receivable ) Change in accrued interest receivable and other assets ) Change in accrued interest payable and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Activity in available-for-sale securities: Maturities, prepayments, and calls Purchases ) ) Activity in held-to-maturity securities: Maturities, prepayments, and calls Purchases ) Purchases of correspondent bank stock ) ) Redemption of correspondent bank stock Contributions to low-income housing tax credit investments ) ) Loan and note receivable originations and principal collections, net ) ) Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Purchase of loans ) Proceeds from sale of assets held for sale Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Net cash received on acquisitions Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Net change in deposits Payments to Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings ) Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank borrowings Payments to Federal Reserve borrowings ) ) Proceeds from Federal Reserve borrowings Payments on subordinated notes ) Proceeds from subordinated notes, net of issuance costs Proceeds from the exercise of stock options Settlement of restricted stock ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental cash flow information: Interest paid on deposits and borrowed funds Income tax payment, net of refunds received Cash paid for lease liabilities Supplemental noncash disclosures: Change in unrealized (loss)/gain on available-for-sale securities ) ) Lease right-of-use-asset obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Transfer of securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity Transfer from loans to other real estate owned Transfer of loans held for investment to loans held for sale Common stock issued for Teton acquisition 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 FIRST WESTERN FINANCIAL, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 NOTE 1 - 

and , respectively, of the Company s loan portfolio was secured by real estate collateral. Declines in real estate values in the primary markets the Company operates in could negatively impact the Company. 
 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 securities were determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 
 Gains and losses on the sale of securities are recorded on the trade date and are determined using the specific identification method. 
 impairment was recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Both cash and stock dividends are reported as income when received. 

F-9 

Table of Contents 

F-10 

Table of Contents 

 F-11 

Table of Contents 

buildings associated with the Teton Acquisition. These assets were initially recorded at their fair values based on recent appraisals and the buildings will be depreciated over their new remaining useful life, ranging from to years. Leasehold improvements are depreciated using the straight-line method and recognized over the shorter of the lease term or estimated useful lives of the assets, ranging from to years. Furniture/equipment and software are depreciated using the straight-line method and recognized over the estimated useful lives of the assets, ranging from to years. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

 and are evaluated for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying values of such assets may not be recoverable. As of December 31, 2022, the Company believes the carrying value of its goodwill not to be impaired and other intangible assets to be recoverable. 

F-13 

Table of Contents 

F-14 

Table of Contents 

performance based incentive fees were earned with respect to investment management contracts for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Receivables are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets in the Accounts receivable line item. Income related to trust and investment management fees, bank fees, and risk management and insurance fees on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are considered in scope of Topic 606. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 

F-16 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 2 
 million. As part of its long-term growth strategy, the Teton Acquisition expands First Western s presence in Wyoming and allows the Bank to deliver its unique approach to private and commercial banking to more clients in the region. 
 The Teton Acquisition was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting and therefore all assets and liabilities were measured and recorded at their fair values as of the acquisition close date of December 31, 2021 with final measurement period adjustments made as of March 31, 2022. All non-equity acquisition related costs were expensed as incurred. Certain acquisition costs related to the issuance of equity were capitalized as of December 31, 2021. Market value adjustments for assets acquired and liabilities assumed were amortized or accreted on a level yield basis over the estimated life of the asset or liability. Loans acquired were recorded at their estimated fair value and therefore no allowance for loan and lease losses was recorded at the date of acquisition. Goodwill of million, which is not tax deductible, was recognized in the transaction and represents expected synergies and cost savings resulting from combining the expanded footprint and expertise of the associates. Additionally, core deposit intangible assets were identified and recorded at their estimated fair values and are amortized over their estimated useful life. On August 31, 2021, the Company completed the issuance and sale of subordinated notes, which provided partial funding of the transaction. See Note 10 Borrowings for more information. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

 Common stock issued Total fair value of consideration transferred Assets acquired Cash and cash equivalents Available-for-sale securities, at fair value Correspondent bank stock, at cost Mortgage loans held for sale Loans, net ) Premises and equipment Accrued interest receivable Accounts receivable Other receivable Core deposit intangible (1) 
 Other assets Assets held for sale Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed Deposits ) Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Deferred tax liabilities, net ) ) Total liabilities assumed ) Net assets acquired Goodwill recognized ) 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) The core deposit intangible was determined to have an estimated life of years. 
 The fair value adjustments were determined using discounted expected cash flows. Loans had a fair value of million and a contractual balance of million as of December 31, 2021. The discount on the loans acquired in this transaction due to anticipated credit loss, as well as considerations for market interest rates, totaled million, representing of their contractual balance. There were no loans acquired that were considered to be purchased credit impaired ("PCI") loans. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

 Construction and Development 1-4 Family Residential Non-Owner Occupied CRE Owner Occupied CRE Commercial and Industrial Total loans Acquisition fair value adjustments ) Loans, net 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Includes million in PPP loans. 
 million and million in expenses related to the acquisition during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The following presents the acquisition expenses within Non-interest expense of the Consolidated Statements of Income as of the dates noted (dollars in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Mergers and acquisitions expense: Salaries and employee benefits Professional services Technology and information systems Data processing ) Marketing Other Total mergers and acquisitions expense 
 The following table presents pro forma information for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as if the Teton Acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2021. The information for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflects actual results presented in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Noninterest income Net income Pro forma earnings per share: Basic Diluted 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 3 - 
 ) Corporate bonds ) GNMA mortgage-backed securities residential ) FNMA mortgage-backed securities residential ) Government CMO and MBS - commercial ) Corporate CMO and MBS ) Total securities held-to-maturity ) 
 ) U.S. Government Agency Corporate bonds ) GNMA mortgage-backed securities residential ) FNMA mortgage-backed securities residential Government CMO and MBS - commercial Corporate CMO and MBS ) Total securities available-for-sale ) 
 Net amortization of premiums and discounts related to mortgage securities during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and is included in Net interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 The Company reassessed classification of investment securities and, effective April 1, 2022, elected to transfer all securities, fair valued at million, from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity. The related unrealized loss of million included in other comprehensive income on April 1, 2022 remained in other comprehensive income and is being amortized out with an offsetting entry to interest income as a yield adjustment through earnings over the remaining term of the securities. No gain or loss was recorded at the time of transfer. 
 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

 Due between one year and five years Due between five years and ten years Due after ten years Securities (CMO and MBS) Total 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company committed million in total to two bank technology funds. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made million in contributions to both partnerships and received a million return on investment. As of December 31, 2022, the Company held a balance of million, which is included in Other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company may be obligated to invest up to an additional million in future contributions. 
 In 2014, the Company began investing in a small business investment company ("SBIC") fund administered by the Small Business Administration. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not make any contributions to the SBIC fund and received a million return of capital. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company held a balance of million in the SBIC fund, which is included in Other assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company may be obligated to invest up to an additional million in future SBIC investments. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, securities with carrying values totaling million and million, respectively, were pledged to secure various public deposits and credit facilities of the Company. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies, in an amount greater than of shareholders equity. 
 As of December 31, 2022, securities were in an unrecognized loss position, with unrecognized losses totaling million. As of December 31, 2021, securities were in an unrealized loss position with unrealized losses totaling million. Of the securities in an unrecognized loss position as of December 31, 2022, have been in a continuous unrecognized loss position for more than twelve months, and the remaining have been in a continuous unrecognized loss position for less than twelve months. The unrecognized loss positions were caused primarily by interest rate changes and market assumptions about prepayments of principal and interest on the underlying mortgages. Because the decline in market value is attributable to market conditions, not credit quality, and because the Company has the ability and intent to hold these investments until a recovery of fair value, which may be near or at maturity, the Company does not consider these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) GNMA mortgage-backed securities residential ) ) ) FNMA mortgage-backed securities residential ) ) Government CMO and MBS - commercial ) ) Corporate CMO and MBS ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) GNMA mortgage-backed securities - residential ) ) Corporate CMO and MBS ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 sell any securities during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 NOTE 4 
 BBW FRB Total 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 5 - 
 Consumer and Other (2) 
 Construction and Development 1-4 Family Residential Non-Owner Occupied CRE Owner Occupied CRE Commercial and Industrial (3) 
 Total loans held for investment Deferred fees and unamortized premiums/(unaccreted discounts), net (4) 
 ) ) Allowance for loan losses ) ) Loans, net 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Includes Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") loans of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes million of unpaid principal balance of loans held for investment measured at fair value as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Includes MSLP loans of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (4) Includes fair value adjustments on loans held for investment accounted for under the fair value option. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, total loans held for investment included million and million, respectively, of performing loans purchased through mergers or acquisitions. As of December 31, 2022, Consumer and Other included million of unpaid principal balance of loans held for investment measured at fair value. See Note 17 Fair Value Option. 
 The CARES Act created the paycheck protection program ("PPP"), which is administered by the Small Business Administration ("SBA"). The PPP is intended to provide loans to small businesses to pay their employees, rent, mortgage interest and utilities. The loans may be forgiven conditioned upon the client providing payroll documentation evidencing their compliant use of funds and otherwise complying with the terms of the program. The Bank is an approved SBA lender and as of December 31, 2022, the Cash, Securities and Other portion of the loan portfolio included million of PPP loans, or of the total category. As of December 31, 2021, the Cash, Securities, and Other portion of the loan portfolio included million of PPP loans, or of the total category. 
 The Company is a participant in the Federal Reserve s MSLP to support lending to small and medium-sized for profit businesses and nonprofit organizations that were in sound financial condition before the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s Commercial and Industrial loans included MSLP loans with the net carrying amount of million, or of the total category. As of December 31, 2021, the Company s Commercial and Industrial loans included MSLP loans with the net carrying amount of million, or of the total category. 
 Loan Modifications 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, a loan modification program was designed and implemented to assist our clients experiencing financial stress resulting from the economic impacts caused by the global pandemic. The Company offered loan extensions, temporary payment moratoriums, and financial covenant waivers for commercial and consumer borrowers impacted by the pandemic who have a pass risk rating and have not been delinquent over days on payments in the last . 
 In 2021, the deferral period ended for all non-acquired loans previously modified and payments have resumed under the original terms. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s loan portfolio included non-acquired loans which were previously modified under the loan modification program, totaling million. Through the Teton Acquisition, the Company acquired loans which were previously modified and are still in their deferral period. As of December 31, 2022, there were of these loans, totaling million. 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 

 days or less. 
 All loans modified in response to COVID-19 are classified as performing and pass rated as of December 31, 2022. These loans are included in the allowance for loan loss general reserve in accordance with ASC 450-20. Management has increased our loan level reviews and portfolio monitoring to address the changing environment. Management believes the diversity of the loan portfolio is prudent and remains consistent with the credit culture and goals of the Bank. 
 Interest accrued during the modification term on modified loans is deferred to the end of the loan term. As of December 31, 2022, no allowance for loan loss was deemed necessary on the accrued interest balances related to loan modifications. 
 Consumer and Other Construction and Development 1-4 Family Residential Non-Owner Occupied CRE Owner Occupied CRE Commercial and Industrial Total 
 December 31, 2021 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 or More Days Past Due Total Loans Past Due Current Total Recorded Investment Cash, Securities and Other Consumer and Other Construction and Development 1-4 Family Residential Non-Owner Occupied CRE Owner Occupied CRE Commercial and Industrial Total 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had loan, totaling an immaterial amount, in the Commercial and Industrial portfolio that was more than 90 days delinquent and accruing interest. 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

 Consumer and Other Construction and Development 1-4 Family Residential Owner Occupied CRE Commercial and Industrial Total 
 Non-accrual loans classified as TDR accounted for million of the recorded investment as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. Non-accrual loans are classified as impaired loans and individually evaluated for impairment. 
 Non-accrual Cash, Securities, and Other 1-4 Family Residential Owner Occupied CRE Commercial and Industrial Total Allowance for loan losses associated with TDR ) Net recorded investment 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had t committed any additional funds to a borrower with a loan classified as a TDR. 
 The Company did t modify any loans resulting in TDR status during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company modified loans resulting in TDR status during the year ended December 31, 2021. The first loan was a small mortgage with a remaining balance of million where the borrower was unable to make payments or obtain additional financing to pay off the mortgage. As a result, we modified the loan at the maturity date with a renewal to allow the borrower time to seek a refinance. As of December 31, 2022, the loan has been paid in full as agreed in the loan modification. The second and third loans modified are in relation to one borrower who has two loans, one Commercial Real Estate Loan in the amount of million, which is the space where the related business operates, and a Commercial loan with a balance of million. The borrower had experienced a reduction in cash flow through ongoing impact from the pandemic and related shut downs and hiring shortages. As a result, the Company modified both loans allowing for a interest only period to provide cash flow relief. The Company obtained a reduced term on the business loan as well as additional collateral from the Borrower. All three of the loans modified during 2021 were sufficiently collateralized and therefore did not require any specific reserve. 
 TDRs are reviewed individually for impairment and are included in the Company s specific reserves in the allowance for loan losses. If charged off, the amount of the charge off is included in the Company s charge off factors, which impact the Company s reserves on non-impaired loans. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial and Industrial Total Impaired loans with no related valuation allowance: Cash, Securities, and Other Construction and Development 1-4 Family Residential Owner Occupied CRE Commercial and Industrial Total Total impaired loans: Cash, Securities, and Other Consumer and Other Construction and Development Commercial and Industrial 1-4 Family Residential Owner Occupied CRE Total 
 The recorded investment in loans in the previous tables excludes accrued interest, deferred fees, and unamortized premiums/(unaccreted discounts), which are not material. Interest income, if any, was recognized on the cash basis on non-accrual loans. 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

 Consumer and Other Commercial and Industrial Total Impaired loans with no related valuation allowance: Cash, Securities, and Other Construction and Development Owner Occupied CRE Commercial and Industrial 1-4 Family Residential Total Total impaired loans: Cash, Securities, and Other Consumer and Other Construction and Development Owner Occupied CRE Commercial and Industrial 1-4 Family Residential Total _____________________________ 
 ) The Company recognized an immaterial amount of interest income during the period. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 

 (Recovery of)/provision for loan losses ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Ending balance Allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2022 allocated to loans evaluated for impairment: Individually Collectively Ending balance Loans as of December 31, 2022, evaluated for impairment: Individually Collectively Measured at fair value Ending balance 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for/(recovery of) loan losses ) Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Ending balance Allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2021 allocated to loans evaluated for impairment: Individually Collectively Ending balance Loans as of December 31, 2021, evaluated for impairment: Individually Collectively Ending balance 
 The Company categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of the borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among other factors. The Company analyzes loans individually by classifying the loans by credit risk on a quarterly basis. The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings: 
 Special Mention Loans classified as special mention have a potential weakness or borrowing relationships that require more than the usual amount of management attention. Adverse industry conditions, deteriorating financial conditions, declining trends, management problems, documentation deficiencies or other similar weaknesses may be evident. Ability to meet current payment schedules may be questionable, even though interest and principal are still being paid as agreed. The asset has potential weaknesses that may result in deteriorating repayment prospects if left uncorrected. Loans in this risk grade are not considered adversely classified. 
 Substandard Substandard loans are considered "classified" and are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardizes the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Loans in this category may be placed on non-accrual status and may individually be evaluated for impairment if indicators of impairment exist. 
 Doubtful Loans graded Doubtful are considered "classified" and have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as Substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently known facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. However, the amount of certainty of eventual loss is not known because of specific pending factors. 
 Loans accounted for under the fair value option are not rated. 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 

 Consumer and Other Construction and Development 1-4 Family Residential Non-Owner Occupied CRE Owner Occupied CRE Commercial and Industrial Total 
 December 31, 2021 Pass Special Mention Substandard Not Rated Total Cash, Securities and Other Consumer and Other Construction and Development 1-4 Family Residential Non-Owner Occupied CRE Owner Occupied CRE Commercial and Industrial Total 
 The Company had loans graded doubtful as of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 NOTE 6 
 Leasehold improvements, including artwork Land Equipment and software Gross premise and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Premises and equipment, net 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company retired an immaterial amount of equipment and software for an immaterial loss. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company acquired buildings and land associated with the Teton Acquisition. These assets were recorded at their fair value on December 31, 2021 and the buildings will be depreciated over their remaining useful lives. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 7 
 Acquisition activity ) Ending balance 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded million of goodwill as a result of the Teton Acquisition on December 31, 2021. In the first quarter of 2022, goodwill was adjusted by million as a result of the measurement period adjustments. See Note 2 Acquisitions for more information. 
 Goodwill is tested annually for impairment on October 31 or earlier upon the occurrence of certain events. 
 The goodwill impairment analysis includes the determination of the carrying value of the reporting unit, including the existing goodwill, and estimating the fair value of the reporting unit. If the fair value is less than its carrying amount, goodwill impairment is recognized equal to the difference between the fair value and its carrying amount, not to exceed its carrying amount. As of December 31, 2022, there has not been any impairment of goodwill identified or recorded. Goodwill totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Less: accumulated amortization on other intangibles ) ) Other intangible assets, net 
 Amortization expense on definite-lived customer relationship and non-compete intangible assets was million and an immaterial amount for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 NOTE 8 - 
 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 

Lease Liabilities Classification Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities 
 The Company s operating lease agreements typically include an option to renew the lease at the Company s discretion. To the extent the Company is reasonably certain it will exercise the renewal option at the inception of the lease, the Company will include the extended term in the calculation of the right-of-use asset and lease liability. ASC 842 requires the use of the rate implicit in the lease when it is readily determinable. As this rate is typically not readily determinable, at the inception of the lease, the Company uses its collateralized incremental borrowing rate over a similar term. The amount of the right-of-use asset and lease liability are impacted by the discount rate used to calculate the present value of the minimum lease payments over the term of the lease. 
 years years Weighted-Average Discount Rate Operating leases 
 The Company s operating leases contain fixed and variable lease components and it has elected to account for all classes of underlying assets as a single lease component. Variable lease costs primarily represent common area maintenance and parking. The Company recognized lease costs in Occupancy and equipment expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Variable lease cost Lease costs, net 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of net future minimum lease payments 
 Leases in which the Company is determined to be the lessor are considered operating leases and consist of the partial lease of Company owned buildings. In accordance with ASC 842, these leases have been accounted for as operating leases. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million of lease income . 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted operating lease income 
 
 NOTE 9 - 
 Time deposits Negotiable order of withdrawal accounts Savings accounts Total interest-bearing deposits Estimated aggregate time deposits of 250 or greater 
 Deposits acquired through the Teton acquisition closed on December 31, 2021 totaled million. See Note 2 Acquisitions for additional information. 
 Overdraft balances classified as loans totaled million and an immaterial amount as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 NOTE 10 - 
 billion and million, respectively. Based on this collateral and the Company s holdings of FHLB stock, the Company was eligible to borrow an additional million as of December 31, 2022. Each advance is payable at its maturity date. 
 January 1, 2023 (1) 
 May 5, 2023 Total 
 (1) The borrowing has a one day, automatic daily renewal maturity date, subject to FHLB discretion not to renew. 
 To bolster the effectiveness of the SBA s PPP, the Federal Reserve is supplying liquidity to participating financial institutions through term financing collateralized by PPP loans to small businesses. The Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility ("PPPLF") extends credit to eligible financial institutions that originate PPP loans, taking the loans as collateral at face value and bearing interest at bps. The terms of the loans are directly tied to the underlying PPP loans, which were originated at or years. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had outstanding million and million, respectively, under the PPPLF program which is included in the FHLB and Federal Reserve borrowings line of the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Bank has borrowing capacity associated with unsecured federal funds lines of credit up to million and million. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts outstanding on any of the federal funds lines. 
 On December 5, 2022, the Company completed the issuance and sale of subordinated notes (the "December 2022 Sub Notes") totaling million in aggregate principal amount. The issuance included million of issuance costs resulting in a net balance of million as of December 31, 2022 included in the Subordinated notes line of the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The December 2022 Sub Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum until December 15, 2027, at which time the rate will reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to three-month term SOFR, or an alternative rate determined in accordance with the terms of the December 2022 Sub Notes, plus basis points, payable quarterly in arrears; mature on December 15, 2032; are redeemable at the option of the Company on or after December 15, 2027. 
 On January 1, 2022, the Company redeemed the subordinated notes due December 31, 2026 in the amount of million, which were redeemable on or after January 1, 2022. The redemption price was equal to of the principal amount being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding the date of redemption. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 

 million in aggregate principal amount and including million of issuance costs. As of December 31, 2022, million was included in the Subordinated notes line of the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum until September 1, 2026, at which time the rate will adjust each quarter to the then current three-month SOFR, or an alternative rate determined in accordance with the terms of the Notes, plus basis points; mature on September 1, 2031; are redeemable at the option of the Company on or after September 1, 2026; and pay interest quarterly. 
 On November 25, 2020, the Company completed the issuance and sale of subordinated notes (the "November 2020 Sub Notes") totaling million in aggregate principal amount and including million of issuance costs. As of December 31, 2022, million was included in the Subordinated notes line of the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The November 2020 Sub Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum until December 1, 2025, at which time the rate will adjust each quarter to the then current three-month term SOFR, or an alternative rate determined in accordance with the terms of the November 2020 Sub Notes, plus basis points; mature on December 1, 2030; are redeemable at the option of the Company on or after December 1, 2025; and pay interest semi-annually prior to December 1, 2025 and quarterly after December 1, 2025. 
 On March 17, 2020, the Company completed the issuance and sale of subordinated notes (the "March 2020 Sub Notes") totaling million in aggregate principal amount and including million of issuance costs. As of December 31, 2022, million was included in the Subordinated notes line of the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The March 2020 Sub Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum until March 31, 2025, at which time the rate will adjust each quarter to the then current three-month LIBOR, or an alternative rate determined in accordance with the terms of the March 2020 Sub Notes, plus basis points; mature on March 31, 2030; are redeemable at the option of the Company on or after March 31, 2025; and pay interest quarterly. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, of interest expense related to the collective subordinated notes. The subordinated notes are included in Tier 2 capital under current regulatory guidelines and interpretations, subject to limitations. 
 The Company s borrowing facilities include various financial and other covenants, including, but not limited to, a requirement that the Bank maintains regulatory capital that is deemed "well capitalized" by federal banking agencies. See Note 22 Regulatory Capital Matters for additional information. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was in compliance with the covenant requirements. 
 
 NOTE 11 
 Standby letters of credit Commitments to make loans to sell Commitments to make loans 
 Unused lines of credit are agreements to lend to a client as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Several of the commitments may expire without being drawn upon. Therefore, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The amount of collateral obtained, if it is deemed necessary by the Company, is based on management s credit evaluation of the client. 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 12 
 par value and each holder of common stock is entitled to vote for each share (though certain voting restrictions may exist on non-vested restricted stock) held. 
 On January 6, 2022, the Company filed a Form S-3 Registration Statement with the SEC providing that the Company may offer and sell from time to time, separately or together, in multiple series or in one or more offering, any combination of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, depository shares and units, up to a maximum aggregate offer price of million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold shares of common stock. 
 On November 3, 2020, the Company announced that its board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to shares of the Company s common stock, par value, from time to time, within one year (the "2020 Repurchase Plan") and that the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System advised the Company that it has no objection to the Company s 2020 Repurchase Plan. The Company may have repurchased shares in privately negotiated transactions, in the open market, including pursuant to any trading plan that might be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 promulgated by the SEC, or otherwise in a manner that complies with applicable federal securities laws. The 2020 Repurchase Plan did not obligate the Company to acquire a specific dollar amount or number of shares and it may have extended, modified or discontinued at any time without notice. The 2020 Repurchase Plan expired in November 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did repurchase any shares under the 2020 Repurchase plan. 
 On December 31, 2021, the Company closed on the Merger Agreement with Teton. As part of the Merger Agreement, the Company issued shares of common stock to Teton shareholders. For additional information, see Note 2 Acquisitions for additional information. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 

 shares of common stock ("Restricted Stock Awards") with a value of million to the sole member of EMC Holdings, LLC ("EMC"), subject to forfeiture based on his continued employment with the Company. Half of the Restricted Stock Awards million or shares) vested ratably over . These awards fully vested during the year ended Decembere 31, 2022. The remaining million, or shares, were able to be earned based on performance of the mortgage division of the Company. The performance based awards fully vested during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Restricted Stock Awards have a weighted-average grant date fair value of per share. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized compensation expense of million and million, respectively, for the Restricted Stock Awards. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares, respectively, of the restricted stock awards vested. As of December 31, 2022, all restricted stock awards were fully vested and no unrecognized compensation expense remains. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Plans 
 The 2008 Stock Incentive Plan the 2008 Plan was frozen in connection with the adoption of the 2016 Plan and no new awards may be granted under the 2008 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, there were a total of shares available for issuance under the First Western Financial, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan ("the 2016 Plan"). If the Awards outstanding under the 2008 Plan or the 2016 Plan are forfeited, cancelled or terminated with no consideration paid to the Company, those amounts will increase the number of shares eligible to be granted under the 2016 Plan. 
 Stock Options 
 The Company did not grant any stock options during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized no stock based compensation expense associated with stock options. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized an immaterial amount of stock based compensation expense associated with stock options. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options. 
 Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 (1) 
 Options fully vested/exercisable as of December 31, 2022 (1) 
 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Nonqualified stock options outstanding at the end of the period and those fully vested/exercisable had immaterial aggregate intrinsic values. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were and options, respectively, that were exercisable. Exercise prices are between and per share, and the options are exercisable for a period of from the original grant date and expire on various dates between 2023 and 2026. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Pursuant to the 2016 Plan, the Company can grant associates and non-associate directors long-term cash and stock-based compensation. Historically, the Company has granted certain associates restricted stock units which are earned 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock upon the settlement of Restricted Stock Units. The remaining shares were surrendered with a combined market value at the dates of settlement of million to cover employee withholding taxes. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock upon the settlement of Restricted Stock Units. The remaining shares were surrendered with a combined market value at the dates of settlement of million to cover employee withholding taxes. 
 Time Vesting Units 
 Time Vesting Units are granted to full-time associates and board members at the date approved by the Company s board of directors. The Company granted Time Vesting Units with a service period during the year ended December 31, 2022, that vest in equal installments of on the anniversary of the grant date, assuming continuous employment through the scheduled vesting dates. During both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized compensation expense of million for the Time Vesting Units. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to the Time Vesting Units, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Financial Performance Units 
 Financial Performance Units are granted to certain key associates and are earned based on the Company achieving various financial performance metrics. If the Company achieves the financial metrics, which include various thresholds from up to , then the Financial Performance Units will have a subsequent vesting period. 
 years December 31, 2021 December 31, 2023 May 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, excluding November 18, 2020 years December 31, 2022 December 31, 2023 On November 18, 2020 years December 31, 2022 November 18, 2023 and 2025 
 May 3, 2021 through August 11, 2021 years December 31, 2023 December 31, 2025 May 2, 2022 through November 2, 2022, excluding August 4, 2022 (2) 
 years December 31, 2024 December 31, 2026 On August 4, 2022 (3) 
 years December 31, 2024 December 31, 2026 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 

 May 1, 2019 through April 30, 2020 May 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, excluding November 18, 2020 On November 18, 2020 May 3, 2021 through August 11, 2021 May 2, 2022 through November 2, 2022, excluding August 4, 2022 (1) 
 On August 4, 2022 (2) 
 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Performance threshold was not met for the year ended December 31, 2022; therefore, compensation expense was recognized as of the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Performance threshold was not met for the year ended December 31, 2022. The 100 threshold is expected to be met for the years ended December 31, 2023 2024. 
 Market Performance Units 
 Market Performance Units were granted to certain key associates and are earned based on growth in the value of the Company s common stock, and were dependent on the Company completing an initial public offering of stock during a defined period of time. On July 23, 2018, the Company completed its initial public offering and the Market Performance Units performance condition was met. Subsequent to the performance condition there was also a market condition as a vesting requirement for the Market Performance Units. If the Company's common stock was trading at or above certain prices, over a performance period which ended on June 30, 2020, the Market Performance Units would have been determined to be earned and vest following the completion of a subsequent service period, which ended on June 30, 2022. The Company's common stock did not trade at or above the required prices over the performance period and as a result, no Market Performance Units were eligible to be earned. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized an immaterial amount of compensation expense for the Market Performance Units. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized an immaterial amount of compensation expense for the Market Performance Units. As of the end of the subsequent service period, or June 30, 2022, the Company had remaining unrecognized compensation expense related to the Market Performance Units. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 13 - 
 Denominator: Basic weighted average shares Earnings per common share - basic Earnings per common share - Diluted Numerator: Net income available for common shareholders Denominator: Basic weighted average shares Diluted effect of common stock equivalents: Stock options Time Vesting Units Financial Performance Units Market Performance Units Total diluted effect of common stock equivalents Diluted weighted average shares Earnings per common share - diluted 
 Diluted earnings per share was computed without consideration to potentially dilutive instruments as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 
 Time Vesting Units Financial Performance Units Restricted Stock Awards Total potentially dilutive securities 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 14 - 
 State and local Total current tax expense Deferred: Federal ) State and local ) Valuation allowance Total deferred tax expense (benefit) ) Income tax expense 
 to income before income taxes (dollars in thousands): 
 2022 2021 Income tax expense computed at statutory rate 
 Differences: Permanent differences State taxes, net of federal expense LIHTC investment tax credit ) ) LIHTC investment proportional amortization Valuation allowance Other, net ) ) Income tax expense 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 

 Allowance for loan losses Acquired loans fair market value adjustments Assets acquired at fair value Loans accounted for under the fair value option Deferred rent Stock-based compensation Provision on other real estate owned Other intangible assets Unrealized losses on securities Accrued bonuses Loan fees Accrued expenses Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Goodwill ) ) Depreciation ) ) Unrealized gain on securities ) Loan fees ) Acquired loans fair market value adjustments ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net operating loss valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 Management believes it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the total deferred tax assets. The net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards expire in tax years 2028 through 2032. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had million of California NOLs available for utilization. For taxable years 2020, 2021, and 2022, California has suspended the NOL carryover deduction. On February 9, 2022, Senate Bill 113 was signed to reinstate the NOL deduction for businesses and individuals that have 1 million or more of net income subject to tax in California for tax years beginning January 1, 2022. Both corporations and individual tax payers may continue to compute and carryover an NOL during the suspension period. Different rules apply depending on the amount of income per year. The suspension does not apply to corporate tax payers if their income subject to California taxation is less than 1 million. During 2020, as a result of this tax legislation and certain divestitures in California, the Company was uncertain as to the probability of realizing the full NOL. As such, the Company recorded a valuation allowance related to the California NOLs. As of December 31, 2022, million is recorded as a valuation allowance, resulting in a tax effected valuation allowance of million. The Company identified other material uncertain tax positions for which it is reasonably possible the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within months. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries file tax returns for the United States and for multiple states and localities. The United States federal income tax returns of the Company are eligible to be examined for the years 2019 and forward. There are no federal or state tax examinations currently in progress. 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 15 
 of their compensation subject to certain limits based on federal tax laws. The Company may elect to make matching contributions as defined by the plan. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company expensed matching contributions to the plan totaling million. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred million of administrative fees attributable to the plan. 
 
 NOTE 16 
 delinquent or non-performing loans to any executive officer or director of the Company. These covered parties, along with principal owners, management, immediate family of management or principal owners, a parent company and its subsidiaries, trusts for the benefit of employees, and other parties, may be considered related parties. 
 Funded loans Payments collected ) ) Balance, end of period 
 Deposits from related parties held by the Bank as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 totaled million and million, respectively. 
 The Company leases office spaces from entities controlled by one of the Company s board members. During each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred million of expense related to these leases. 
 million from related parties during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Assets under management for those related parties totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 17 - 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 

 Loans held for sale Loans held at fair value Forward commitments and FSC Equity securities Guarantee asset IRLC, net Equity warrants 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Government Agency Corporate bonds GNMA mortgage-backed securities - residential FNMA mortgage-backed securities - residential Government CMO and MBS Corporate CMO and MBS Total securities available-for-sale Mortgage loans held for sale Forward commitments and FSC ) ) ) Equity securities Guarantee asset IRLC, net Equity warrants 
 There were transfers between levels during the year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. On April 1, 2022, the Company elected to transfer all securities classified as available-for-sale to held-to-maturity and are now carried at amortized cost. See Note 3 - Investment Securities for more information. 
 As of December 31, 2021, U.S. Treasury debt was reported at fair value utilizing Level 1 inputs. Three Corporate bonds were reported at fair value utilizing Level 3 inputs. The remaining portfolio of securities were reported at fair value with Level 2 inputs provided by a pricing service. The majority of the securities had credit support provided by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, GNMA, and FNMA. Factors used to value the securities by the pricing service include: benchmark yields, reported trades, interest spreads, prepayments, and other market research. In addition, ratings and collateral quality were considered. 
 As of December 31, 2022, equity securities, equity warrants, IRLC, and guarantee assets have been recorded at fair value within the Other assets line item in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. All changes are recorded in Non-interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Fair Value Option 
 The Company has elected to account for certain purchased whole loans held for investment under the fair value option in order to align the accounting presentation with the Company's viewpoint of the economics of the loans. Interest income on loans held for investment accounted for under the fair value option is recognized within Interest and dividend income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. Not electing fair value generally results in a larger discount being recorded on the date of the loan purchase. The discount is subsequently accreted into interest income over the underlying loan's remaining term using the effective interest method. Additionally, management has elected the fair value option for mortgage loans originated and held for sale and loans held for sale. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company reclassified million of loans held for investment to loans held for sale. The transfer occurred at the point in time the Company decided to sell the loan and received a commitment from third party investors to purchase the loan. 
 There were no loans accounted for under the fair value option that were 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, there were loans, totaling million, accounted for under the fair value option that were on nonaccrual. As of December 31, 2021, there were loans accounted for under the fair value option that were on nonaccrual. 
 F-45 

Table of Contents 

 Loans held for sale ) Loans held for investment ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 Total Loans Non Accruals 90 Days or More Past Due Fair Value Carrying Amount Unpaid Principal Balance Difference Fair Value Carrying Amount Unpaid Principal Balance Difference Fair Value Carrying Amount Unpaid Principal Balance Difference Mortgage loans held for sale Loans held for investment) Loans held for sale ) Loans held for investment ) ) 
 The following summarizes the activity pertaining to loans accounted for under the fair value option as of the dates noted (dollars in thousands): 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 

 Loans originated Loans acquired Fair value changes ) ) Sales ) ) Settlements ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Loans held for sale 2022 2021 Balance at beginning of period Loans transferred from held for investment Fair value changes ) Balance at end of period 
 Year Ended December 31, Loans held for investment 2022 2021 Balance at beginning of period Loans acquired Fair value changes ) Settlements ) Balance at end of period 
 Nonrecurring Fair Value 
 Other Real Estate Owned ("OREO") : Assets acquired through or instead of loan foreclosure are initially recorded at fair value less costs to sell when acquired, establishing a new cost basis. They are subsequently accounted for at lower of cost or fair value less estimated costs to sell. Fair value is commonly based on recent real estate appraisals which are updated no less frequently than on an annual basis. Appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for differences between comparable sales and income data available. Such adjustments can be significant and typically result in Level 3 classifications of the inputs for determining fair value. OREO is evaluated annually for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly. 
 Impaired Loans : The fair value of impaired loans with specific allocations of the allowance for loan losses is generally based on recent appraisals. These appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available. Such adjustments can be significant and typically result in Level 3 classifications of the inputs for determining fair value. Impaired loans are evaluated monthly for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly. 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 

_____________________________ 
 (1) One immaterial Consumer and Other loan was fully reserved for using a specific allowance as of December 31, 2021. 
 The sales comparison approach was utilized for estimating the fair value of non-recurring assets. There were no assets measured on a nonrecurring basis for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million of OREO as a result of obtaining physical possession of foreclosed property as partial consideration for amounts owed on an impaired loan. The Company sold the property during the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in an immaterial gain. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not own any OREO properties. 
 As of December 31, 2021, total impaired loans measured for impairment using the fair value of the collateral dependent loans had carrying values of million with valuation allowances of million and were classified as Level 3. 
 Impaired loans accounted for specific reserves as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. The Company did not have any charge offs during the year ended December 31, 2022 from the specific reserve. The Company charged off an immaterial amount during the year ended December 31, 2021 from the specific reserve. 
 Level 3 Analysis 
 ) Acquisitions Originations ) Gains (losses) in net income, net ) ) Unrealized gains, net Transfer to held-to-maturity ) Settlements ) ) Ending balance 
 F-48 

Table of Contents 

 ) Acquisitions ) Originations ) Gains (losses) in net income, net ) Other settlements ) Ending balance ) 
 Discounted cash flow Discount rate to ) 
 Guarantee asset Discounted cash flow Discount rate Prepayment rate 
 ) 
 IRLC, net Best execution model Pull through to ) 
 Equity Warrants Black-Scholes option pricing model Volatility Risk-free interest rate Remaining life to ) 
 to ) 
 to years 

F-49 

Table of Contents 

 Discounted cash flow Discount rate ) 
 FSC ) Internal pricing model Market Differential ) bps to 
 ) bps 
 (( bps) 
 Guarantee asset Discounted cash flow Discount rate Prepayment rate 
 
 IRLC, net Best execution model Pull through to ) 
 Equity warrants Black-Scholes option pricing model Volatility Risk-free interest rate Remaining life to ) 
 to ) 
 to years 
 Nonrecurring fair value Impaired loans (1) : 
 Commercial and Industrial Sales comparison, Market approach - guideline transaction method Management discount for asset/property type - 
 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) One immaterial Consumer and Other loan was fully reserved for using a specific allowance as of December 31, 2021. 
 Estimated Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 
 Held-to-maturity securities Loans, net Accrued interest receivable Liabilities: Deposits Borrowings: FHLB borrowings fixed rate Federal Reserve borrowings fixed rate Subordinated notes fixed-to-floating rate Accrued interest payable 
 F-50 

Table of Contents 

 Loans, net Accrued interest receivable Liabilities: Deposits Borrowings: FHLB borrowings fixed rate Federal Reserve borrowings fixed rate Subordinated notes fixed-to-floating rate Accrued interest payable 
 The fair value estimates presented and discussed above are based on pertinent information available to management as of the dates specified. The estimated fair value amounts are based on the exit price notion set forth by ASU 2016-01. Although management is not aware of any factors that would significantly affect the estimated fair values, such amounts have not been comprehensively revalued for purposes of these consolidated financial statements since the balance sheet dates. Therefore, current estimates of fair value may differ significantly from the amounts presented herein. 
 The methods and assumptions, not previously presented, used to estimate fair values are described as follows. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash : The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash approximate fair values as maturities are less than 90 days and balances are generally in accounts bearing current market interest rates. 
 Held-to-maturity securities : The fair values for held-to-maturity investment securities are determined by quoted market prices, if available (Level 1). For securities where quoted prices are not available, fair values are calculated based on market prices of similar securities (Level 2). For securities where quoted prices or market prices of similar securities is not available, fair values are calculated using discounted cash flows or other market indicators (Level 3). 
 Loans, net : The fair values for all fixed-rate and variable-rate performing loans were estimated using the income approach and by discounting the projected cash flows of such loans. Principal and interest cash flows were projected based on the contractual terms of the loans, including maturity, contractual amortization and adjustments for prepayments and expected losses, where appropriate. A discount rate was developed based on the relative risk of the cash flows, considering the loan type, maturity and a required return on capital. 
 Accrued Interest Receivable and Payable : The carrying amounts of accrued interest approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. 
 Deposits : The fair values disclosed for demand deposits (e.g., interest and non-interest checking, passbook savings, and certain types of money market accounts) are, by definition, equal to the amounts payable on demand at the reporting date (i.e., their carrying amounts). The carrying amounts of variable-rate, fixed-term money market accounts and certificates of deposit approximate their fair values at the reporting dates. Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered on certificates to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time deposits. 
 Fixed Rate Borrowings : Borrowings with fixed rates are valued using inputs such as discounted cash flows and current interest rates for similar instruments and borrowers with similar credit ratings. 
 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Borrowings : Borrowings with fixed-to-floating rates are valued using inputs such as discounted cash flows and current interest rates for similar instruments and assume the Company will redeem the instrument prior to the first interest rate reset date. 
 F-51 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 18 - 
 Total interest expense Provision for loan losses Net interest income, after provision for loan losses Non-interest income Total income before non-interest expense Depreciation and amortization expense All other non-interest expense Income before income taxes ) Goodwill Total assets 
 As of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 Wealth Management Mortgage Consolidated Income Statement Total interest and dividend income Total interest expense Provision for loan losses Net interest income, after provision for loan losses Non-interest income Total income before non-interest expense Depreciation and amortization expense All other non-interest expense Income before income taxes Goodwill Total assets 
 F-52 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 19 
 million and million, respectively. These balances are reflected in the Other assets line item of the Consolidated Balance Sheets. There were unfunded commitments related to the LIHTC investment as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, total unfunded commitments were million. 
 The Company uses the proportional amortization method to account for this investment. Amortization expense is included within the Income tax expense line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized amortization expense of million, which was included within the Income tax expense line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company recognized amortization expense of million in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized tax credits and other benefits from this investment in the LIHTC of million. The Company recognized tax credits and other benefits from this investment in the LIHTC of million in the year end December 31, 2021. During the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did incur any impairment losses. 
 
 NOTE 20 
 Investment in subsidiaries Loans, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities Subordinated notes Other liabilities (1) 
 ) Total liabilities Shareholders' Equity Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) As of December 31, 2021, taxes payable was in a receivable position as a result of timing of tax payments. 
 F-53 

Table of Contents 

 Non-interest income Total income Expense Interest expense Non-interest expense Total expense Loss before income tax and equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries ) ) Income tax benefit Loss before equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries ) ) Equity in undistributed income to subsidiaries Net income 
 F-54 

Table of Contents 

 Adjustments: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income tax expense Stock-based compensation Undistributed equity in subsidiaries ) ) Change in other assets Change in other liabilities Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Net cash paid on acquisition ) Investment in subsidiaries ) ) Loan and note receivable originations and principal collections Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from subordinated notes, net of issuance costs Payment on subordinated notes ) Settlement of restricted stock ) ) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental cash flow information: Interest paid on borrowed funds Supplemental noncash disclosures: Common stock issued for Teton acquisition 
 
 NOTE 21 
 Loan and deposit related Other Total other non-interest expense 
 F-55 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 22 - 
 million and million, respectively, into the Bank. Management believes as of December 31, 2022, First Western and the Bank meet all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject to. 
 Prompt corrective action regulations for First Western and the Bank provide five classifications: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized, although these terms are not used to represent overall financial condition. If adequately capitalized, regulatory approval is required to accept brokered deposits. If undercapitalized, capital distributions are limited, as is asset growth and expansion, and capital restoration plans are required. 
 The standard ratios established by First Western and the Bank s primary regulators to measure capital require First Western and the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios, set forth in the following table. These ratios are common equity Tier 1 capital ("CET1"), Tier 1 capital and total capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined), and Tier 1 capital (as defined) to average assets (as defined). 
 The actual capital ratios of First Western and the Bank, along with the applicable regulatory capital requirements as of December 31, 2022, were calculated in accordance with the requirements of Basel III. The final rules of Basel III also established a "capital conservation buffer" of above new regulatory minimum capital ratios, which are fully effective following minimum ratios: (i) a CET1 ratio of ; (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of ; and (iii) a total capital ratio of . Banks are subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses if their capital level falls below the buffer amount. These limitations establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income that can be utilized for such activities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the most recent filings with the FDIC categorized First Western and the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory guidelines. To be categorized as well capitalized, an institution must maintain minimum CET1 risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based, total risk-based, and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the following table. Management believes there are conditions or events since December 31, 2022 that have changed the categorization of First Western and the Bank as well capitalized. Management believes First Western and the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject to as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 F-56 

Table of Contents 

 Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A CET1 to risk-weighted assets Bank Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A Total capital to risk-weighted assets Bank Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A Tier 1 capital to average assets Bank Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A 
 Actual Required for Capital Adequacy Purposes (1) 
 To be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Regulations December 31, 2021 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Bank Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A CET1 to risk-weighted assets Bank Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A Total capital to risk-weighted assets Bank Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A Tier 1 capital to average assets Bank Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Does not include capital conservation buffer . 

F-57 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9: Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A: Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Report on Management s Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined under Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). The Company s internal control system is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 As of December 31, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in "Internal Control-Integrated Framework," issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations ("COSO") of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on the assessment, management determined that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm due to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for an Emerging Growth Company. 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management, including our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President and our Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, have evaluated the effectiveness of our "disclosure controls and procedures" (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act of 1934, as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President and our Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by the Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President and our Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The design of any system of controls and procedures is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. There can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10: Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, or the 2023 Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Our board of directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer and other executive officers. The full text of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on the investor relations page of our website which is located https://myfw.gcs-web.com/investor-relations. We will post any amendments to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, or waivers of its requirements, on our website. 
 
 Item 11: Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 12: Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Information relating to securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans is included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under "Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities." 
 
 Item 13: Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14: Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference from the 2023 Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15.Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 91 (2) Financial Statement Schedules All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are either not applicable or not required, or because the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the Notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8. (b) (3) Exhibits The exhibits are filed as part of this report and exhibits incorporated by reference to other documents are as follows: Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 22, 2021, by and between First Western Financial, Inc. and Teton Financial Services, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 22, 2021, File No. 001-38595) 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 3, 2018, File No. 333-225719) 
 3.2 Amended and Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 3, 2018, File No. 333-225719) 
 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 19, 2018, File No. 333-225719) 
 4.2 Certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the registrant and its subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish to the SEC, upon request, copies of any such instruments. 4.3 Form of 5.125 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note (incorporated by reference as Exhibit A to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2020, File No. 001-38595) 
 4.4 Form of 4.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note (incorporated by reference as Exhibit A to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 25, 2020, File No. 001-38595) 
 
 4.5 Form of 3.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due 2031 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021, File No. 001-38595) 
 4.6 Form of 7.00 Fixed-to-Floating rate Subordinated Note due 2032 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 10.1 to the C o mpany's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 6, 2022, File No. 001-38595) 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 4.7 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 10.1 First Western Financial, Inc. 2008 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 19, 2018, File No. 333-225719) 
 10.2 First Western Financial, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 19, 2018, File No. 333-225719) 
 10.3 Employment Agreement, dated January 1, 2017, between Scott Wylie and First Western Financial, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 19, 2018, File No. 333-225719) 
 10.4 Amendment to Employment Agreement dated January 30, 2020 by and between First Western Financial, Inc. and Scott Wylie (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 30, 2020, File No. 001-38595) 
 10.5 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated March 5, 2018, between Julie Courkamp and First Western Financial, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 19, 2018, File No. 333-225719) 
 10.6 Amended Employment Agreement dated May 2, 2019, by and between First Western Financial, Inc. and Julie Courkamp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 8, 2019, File No. 001-38595) 
 10.7 Second Amendment to Employment Agreement dated January 30, 2020 by and between First Western Financial, Inc. and Julie Courkamp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 30, 2020, File No. 001-38595) 
 10.8 Employment Agreement, dated April 8, 2020, by and between First Western Financial, Inc. and John Sawyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 10, 2020, File No. 001-38595) 
 10.9 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated August 18, 2017, among EMC Holdings, LLC, WHMC, LLC, Alan Schrum and First Western Trust Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 19, 2018, File No. 333-225719) 
 10.10 Form of Indemnification Agreement between First Western Financial, Inc. and its directors and certain officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the SEC on June 19, 2018, File No. 333-225719) 
 10.11 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement, dated March 17, 2020, by and among First Western Financial, Inc. and several purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2020, File No. 001-38595) 
 10.12 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement, dated November 25, 2020, by and among First Western Financial, Inc. and the several purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 25, 2020, File No. 001-38595) 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 10.13 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement, dated August 31, 2021, by and among First Western Financial, Inc. and the Purchaser named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021, File No. 001-38595) 
 10.14 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement, dated December 5 , 202 2 , by and among First Western Financial, Inc. and the Purchaser s named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 6 , 202 2 , File No. 001-38595) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of First Western Financial, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Crowe LLP 
 24.1 Powers of attorney (included on signature page to the Annual Report on Form 10-K) 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 _____________________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 These exhibits are furnished herewith and shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. 
 
 Item 16.Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 First Western Financial, Inc. March 15, 2023 By: /s/ Scott C. Wylie Date Scott C. Wylie Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Scott C. Wylie and Julie A. Courkamp, with full power to act without the other, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full and several powers of substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and hereby grants to such attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully as to all intents and purposes as each of the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Scott C. Wylie Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President (principal executive officer) March 15, 2023 Scott C. Wylie /s/ Julie A. Courkamp Director, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer (principal financial and accounting officer) March 15, 2023 Julie A. Courkamp /s/ Julie A. Caponi Director March 15, 2023 Julie A. Caponi /s/ David R. Duncan Director March 15, 2023 David R. Duncan /s/ Thomas A. Gart Director March 15, 2023 Thomas A. Gart /s/ Patrick H. Hamill Director March 15, 2023 Patrick H. Hamill /s/ Scott C. Mitchell Director March 15, 2023 Scott C. Mitchell /s/ Luke A. Latimer Director March 15, 2023 Luke A. Latimer /s/ Eric D. Sipf Director March 15, 2023 Eric D. Sipf /s/ Mark L. Smith Director March 15, 2023 Mark L. Smith /s/ Joseph C. Zimlich Director March 15, 2023 Joseph C. Zimlich 
 94 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 myfw-20221231xex4d7.htm
 EX-4.7

Document 

DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, First Western Financial, Inc. (the Company, we, or our had one class of securities, our common stock, no par value common stock ), registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 General 
 
 We are incorporated in the State of Colorado. The rights of our shareholders are generally governed by Colorado law and our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation articles of incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended bylaws ). The terms of our capital stock are therefore subject to Colorado law, including the Colorado Business Corporation Act, and the common and constitutional law of Colorado. 
 
 The following description of our common stock is a summary and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the provisions of our articles of incorporation and our bylaws. For more detailed information about the rights of our common stock, you should refer to our articles of incorporation and bylaws and the applicable provisions of Colorado law, including the Colorado Business Corporation Act, for additional information. 
 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 
 The total number of shares of capital stock that we are authorized to issue by our articles of incorporation is 100,000,000 shares, which consists of 90,000,000 shares of common stock, without par value, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, without par value. All outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Each holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters on which shareholders generally are entitled to vote, except as otherwise required by law. Rights of common stock to vote on certain matters may be subject to the rights and preferences of the holders of any outstanding shares of any preferred stock that we may issue. Our articles of incorporation expressly prohibits cumulative voting. 
 
 No Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 
 Our common stock has no preemptive or conversion rights and is not entitled to the benefits of any redemption or sinking fund provision. 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 Subject to certain regulatory restrictions and to the rights of holders of our preferred stock and any other class or series of stock having a preference as to dividends over the common shares then outstanding, dividends may be paid on the shares of common stock out of assets legally available for dividends, but only at such times and in such amounts as our board of directors shall determine and declare. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 Subject to applicable law, upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, all shares of our common stock would be entitled to share, ratably in proportion to the number of shares held by them, in all of our remaining assets available for distribution to our shareholders after payment of creditors and subject to any prior distribution rights related to our preferred stock and any other class or series of stock having a preference over the common shares then outstanding. 

Certain Provisions of Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Advance Notice for Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations 
 
 Our bylaws contain provisions requiring that advance notice be delivered to the Company of any business to be brought by a shareholder before an annual meeting of shareholders and provide for certain procedures to be followed by shareholders in nominating candidates for election as directors. Generally, the advance notice provisions require that shareholder proposals and director nominations be provided to us between 90 and 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting in order to be properly brought before a shareholders meeting. The notice must set forth specific information regarding the shareholder submitting the proposal or nomination and the proposal or director nominee, as described in our bylaws, and must otherwise comply with the terms of our bylaws. These requirements are in addition to those set forth in the regulations adopted by the SEC under the Exchange Act. 
 Special Meetings of Shareholders 
 
 Our bylaws provide that special meetings of the shareholders may be called for any purpose by the president or by the board of directors. The president shall call a special meeting of the shareholders if the Company receives one or more written demands for the meeting, stating the purpose or purposes for which it is to be held, signed and dated by holders of shares representing at least ten percent (10 of all the votes entitled to be cast on any issue proposed to be considered at the meeting. 
 
 Potential Anti-Takeover Effect 
 
 Our articles of incorporation and our bylaws contain certain provisions that may have the effect of deterring or discouraging, among other things, a non-negotiated tender or exchange offer for our common stock, a proxy contest for control of the Company, the assumption of control of the Company by a holder of a large block of our common stock and the removal of our directors or management. These provisions 
 
 empower our board of directors, without shareholder approval, to issue our preferred stock, the terms of which, including voting power, are set by our board of directors 
 provide that directors may only be removed from office for cause by a majority shareholder vote 
 eliminate cumulative voting in elections of directors 
 permit our board of directors to alter, amend or repeal our bylaws or to adopt new bylaws 
 require the request of holders of at least 10.0 of the outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote at a meeting to call a special shareholders meeting 
 prohibit shareholder action by less than unanimous written consent, thereby requiring virtually all shareholder actions to be taken at a meeting of the shareholders 
 require any shareholder derivative suit or shareholder claim against an officer or director of breach of fiduciary duty or violation of the Colorado Business Corporation Act, articles of incorporation, or bylaws to be brought in Denver County in the State of Colorado 
 require shareholders that wish to bring business before our annual meeting of shareholders or nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of shareholders to provide timely notice of their intent in writing and 
 enable our board of directors to increase the number of persons serving as directors and to fill vacancies created as a result of the increase by a majority vote of the directors present at a meeting of directors. 
 
 Our bylaws may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of directors or the consideration of shareholder proposals if the established procedures for advance notice are not followed, or of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to approve its proposal without regard to whether consideration of the nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our shareholders. 

Exclusive Forum for Adjudication of Disputes 
 
 Our bylaws provide that the state courts located in Denver County, Colorado, the county in which our headquarters in Denver lie, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for certain shareholder litigation matters, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of Colorado law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies and in limiting our litigation costs, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers and may limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. However, it is possible that a court could rule that this provision is unenforceable or inapplicable to a particular dispute. 
 
 Stock Exchange Listing 
 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol MYFW. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Pacific Stock Transfer, Co. 
 6725 Via Austi Pkwy., Suite 300, Las Vegas, NV 89119. 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 myfw-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 First Western Financial, Inc. Subsidiaries 

Entity Name State of Incorporation First Western Trust Bank Colorado, U.S.A 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 myfw-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements No. 333-262033 on Form S-3 and No. 333- 227402 on Form S-8 of First Western Financial, Inc. of our report, dated March 15, 2023, relating to the financial statements appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of First Western Financial, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Crowe LLP 
 
 Denver, Colorado March 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 myfw-20221231x10kxex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Scott C. Wylie, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of First Western Financial, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 15, 2023 
 s Scott C. Wylie Scott C. Wylie Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 
 1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 myfw-20221231x10kxex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Julie A. Courkamp, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of First Western Financial, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 15, 2023 
 s Julie A. Courkamp Julie A. Courkamp Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 1 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 myfw-20221231x10kxex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 In connection with the Annual Report of First Western Financial, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Scott C. Wylie, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 FIRST WESTERN FINANCIAL, INC. Dated March 15, 2023 
 s Scott C. Wylie Scott C. Wylie Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 
 1 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 myfw-20221231x10kxex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 In connection with the Annual Report of First Western Financial, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Julie A. Courkamp, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 FIRST WESTERN FINANCIAL, INC. Dated March 15, 2023 
 s Julie A. Courkamp Julie A. Courkamp Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 1 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 myfw-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 myfw-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 myfw-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 myfw-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 myfw-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

