<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_727920_0000727920-23-000002.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>31731031</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>464342</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3528965</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13726498</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6664160</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6656999</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000727920-23-000002.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221112638
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000727920-23-000002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		134
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Equitable Financial Life Insurance Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000727920
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSURANCE AGENTS BROKERS & SERVICES [6411]
		IRS NUMBER:				135570651
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20501
		FILM NUMBER:		23646260

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1290 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2125541234

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1290 AVENUE OF AMERICAS
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AXA EQUITABLE LIFE INSURANCE CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040928

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AXA-EQUITABLE LIFE INSURANCE CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040928

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EQUITABLE LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY OF THE UNITED STATES /NY/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000727920-23-000002.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 efl-20221231.htm
 10-K

efl-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company . See definition of accelerated filer, large accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13 (a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has led a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the e ectiveness of its internal control over nancial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting rm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of February 17, 2023, shares of the registrant s 1.25 par value Common Stock were outstanding, all of which were owned indirectly by Equitable Holdings, Inc. 
 REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 General 
 3 
 Regulation 
 12 
 Employees 
 24 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 24 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 36 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 36 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 36 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 36 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 55 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 59 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 143 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 143 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 143 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 143 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 144 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 144 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 144 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 144 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 144 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 145 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 145 
 Glossary 
 146 
 Acronyms 
 149 
 Index to Exhibits 
 152 
 Signatures 
 152 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION 
 Certain of the statements included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expects, believes, anticipates, intends, seeks, aims, plans, assumes, estimates, projects, should, would, could, may, will, shall or variations of such words are generally part of forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are made based on management s current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects upon Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company Equitable Financial and its consolidated subsidiaries. We, us and our refer to Equitable Financial and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context refers only to Equitable Financial as a corporate entity. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting Equitable Financial will be those anticipated by management. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, all matters that are not historical facts. 
 These forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and there are certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ, possibly materially, from expectations or estimates reflected in such forward-looking statements, including, among others: (i) conditions in the financial markets and economy, including the impact of plateauing or decreasing economic growth and geopolitical conflicts and related economic conditions, equity market declines and volatility, interest rate fluctuations and changes in liquidity and access to and cost of capital; (ii) operational factors, protection of confidential customer information or proprietary business information, operational failures by us or our service providers, potential strategic transactions, changes in accounting standards, and catastrophic events, such as outbreak of pandemic diseases including COVID-19; (iii) credit, counterparties and investments, including counterparty default on derivative contracts, failure of financial institutions, defaults by third parties and affiliates and economic downturns, defaults and other events adversely affecting our investments; (iv) our reinsurance and hedging programs; (v) our products, structure and product distribution, including variable annuity guaranteed benefits features within certain of our products, variations in statutory capital requirements, financial strength and claims-paying ratings and key product distribution relationships; (vi) estimates, assumptions and valuations, including risk management policies and procedures, potential inadequacy of reserves and experience differing from pricing expectations, amortization of deferred acquisition costs and financial models; (vii) recruitment and retention of key employees and experienced and productive financial professionals; (viii) subjectivity of the determination of the amount of allowances and impairments taken on our investments; (ix) legal and regulatory risks, including federal and state legislation affecting financial institutions, insurance regulation and tax reform; and (x) general risks, including strong industry competition, information systems failing or being compromised and protecting our intellectual property. 
 You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from expectations. All forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are qualified by these cautionary statements. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as otherwise may be required by law. 
 Other risks, uncertainties and factors, including those discussed under Risk Factors, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements we make. Readers should read carefully the factors described in Risk Factors to better understand the risks and uncertainties inherent in our business and underlying any forward-looking statements. 
 Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K we use certain defined terms and abbreviations, which are defined or summarized in the Glossary and Acronyms sections. 
 2 

Table of Content s 

 Part I, Item 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 
 GENERAL 
 We are a principal franchise of Equitable Holdings, Inc., one of America s leading financial services providers. We provide advice, protection and retirement strategies to individuals, families and small businesses. 
 
 PRODUCTS 
 We offer a variety of retirement and protection products and services, principally to individuals, small and medium-sized businesses and professional and trade associations. Our product approach is to ensure that design characteristics are attractive to both our customers and our company s capital approach. We currently focus on products across our business that expose us to less market and customer behavior risk, are more easily hedged and, overall, are less capital intensive than many traditional products. We are licensed to sell our products in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
 As part of Holdings ongoing efforts to efficiently manage capital among its insurance subsidiaries, improve the quality of the product line-up of its insurance subsidiaries and enhance the overall profitability of its group of companies, most new sales of life insurance, employee benefits, and variable annuity products to policyholders located outside of New York are being issued through Equitable America, another life insurance subsidiary of Holdings. 
 Individual Variable Annuities 
 We are a leading provider of individual variable annuity products, which are primarily sold to affluent and high net worth individuals or to registered investment advisers for their affluent and high net worth clients who are saving for retirement or seeking guaranteed retirement income. We have a long history of innovation, as one of the first companies, in 1968, to enter the variable annuity market, as the first company, in 1996, to provide variable annuities with living benefits, and as the first company, in 2010, to bring to market an index-linked variable annuity product. We continue to innovate our offering, periodically updating our product benefits and introducing new variable annuity products to meet the evolving needs of our clients while managing the risk and return of these variable annuity products to our company. We sell our variable annuity products through the more than 4,400 licensed financial professionals at Equitable Advisors and a wide network of third-party firms, including banks, broker-dealers and insurance partners, reaching more than 145,000 financial professionals. 
 Current Variable Annuities Offered 
 We primarily sell three variable annuity products, each providing policyholders with distinct features and return profiles. Our current primary product offering includes: 
 Structured Capital Strategies SCS ). SCS is an index-linked variable annuity product which allows the policyholder to invest in various investment options, whose performance is tied to one or more securities indices, commodities indices, or one or more ETFs, subject to a performance cap, over a set period of time. The risks associated with such investment options are borne entirely by the policyholder, except the portion of any negative performance that we absorb (a buffer) upon investment maturity. Prior to November 2021, this variable annuity did not offer GMxB features, other than an optional return of premium death benefit that we had introduced on some versions. In November 2021, we introduced SCS Income, a new version of SCS offering a GMxB feature. SCS Income is an index-linked annuity that combines lifetime income options with some protection from equity market volatility. 
 Retirement Cornerstone RC ). Our Retirement Cornerstone product offers two platforms: (i) RC Performance, which offers access to a broad selection of funds with annuitization benefits based solely on non-guaranteed account investment performance; and (ii) RC Protection, which offers access to a focused selection of funds and an optional floating-rate GMxB feature providing guaranteed income for life. 
 Investment Edge. Our investment-only variable annuity is a wealth accumulation variable annuity that defers current taxes during accumulation and provides tax-efficient distributions on non-qualified assets through scheduled payments over a set period of time with a portion of each payment being a return of cost basis, thus excludable from taxes. An optional SIO feature allows a policyholder to invest in various investment options, whose performance is tied to one or more securities indices, subject to a performance cap, with some downside protection over a set period of time. This optional SIO feature leverages our 
 3 

Table of Contents 

innovative SCS offering. Investment Edge does not offer any GMxB feature other than an optional return of premium death benefit. 
 Other products . We offer other products which offer optional GMxB benefits. These other products do not contribute significantly to our sales. 
 We work with employees of EIMG to identify and include appropriate underlying investment options in our products, as well as to control the costs of these options and increase profitability of the products. For a discussion of EIMG, see below Equitable Investment Management. 
 Variable Annuities Policy Feature Overview 
 Variable annuities allow the policyholder to make deposits into accounts offering variable investment options. For deposits allocated to Separate Accounts, the risks associated with the investment options are borne entirely by the policyholder, except where the policyholder elects GMxB features in certain variable annuities, for which additional fees are charged. Additionally, certain variable annuity products permit policyholders to allocate a portion of their account to investment options backed by the General Account and are credited with interest rates that we determine, subject to certain limitations. 
 Certain variable annuity products offer one or more GMxB features in addition to the standard return of premium death benefit guarantee. GMxB features (other than the return of premium death benefit guarantee) provide the policyholder a minimum return based on their initial deposit adjusted for withdrawals (i.e., the benefit base), thus guarding against a downturn in the markets. The rate of this return may increase the specified benefit base at a guaranteed minimum rate (i.e., a fixed roll-up rate) or may increase the benefit base at a rate tied to interest rates (i.e., a floating roll-up rate). GMxB riders must be chosen by the policyholder no later than at the issuance of the contract. 
 GMLBs principally include GMIB and GIB. Variable annuities may also offer a GMAB or a GWBL rider. A GMIB is an optional benefit where an annuitant is entitled to annuitize the policy and receive a minimum payment stream based on the benefit base, which could be greater than the underlying AV. A GMDB is an optional benefit that guarantees an annuitant s beneficiaries are entitled to a minimum payment based on the benefit base, which could be greater than the underlying AV, upon the death of the annuitant. A GIB is an optional benefit which provides the policyholder with a guaranteed lifetime annuity based on predetermined annuity purchase rates applied to a GIB benefit base, with annuitization automatically triggered if and when the contract AV falls to zero. A GWBL is an optional benefit where an annuitant is entitled to withdraw a maximum amount of their benefit base each year, for the duration of the policyholder s life, regardless of account performance. 
 Underwriting and Pricing 
 We generally do not underwrite our variable annuity products on an individual-by-individual basis. Instead, we price our products based upon our expected investment returns and assumptions regarding mortality, longevity and persistency for our policyholders collectively, while taking into account historical experience, volatility of expected earnings on our AV, and the expected time to retirement. Our product pricing models also take into account capital requirements, hedging costs and operating expenses. Investment-oriented products are priced based on various factors, which may include investment return, expenses, persistency and optionality. 
 Our variable annuity products generally include penalties for early withdrawals. From time to time, we reevaluate the type and level of GMxB and other features we offer. We have previously changed the nature and pricing of the features we offer and will likely do so from time to time in the future as the needs of our clients, the economic environment and our risk appetite evolve. 
 Risk Management 
 To actively manage and protect against the economic risks associated with our in-force variable annuity products, our management team has taken a multi-pronged approach. Our in-force variable annuity risk management programs include: 
 Hedging 
 We use a dynamic hedging strategy supplemented by static hedges to offset changes in our economic liability from changes in equity markets and interest rates. In addition to our dynamic hedging strategy, we have static hedge positions to maintain a target asset level for all variable annuities. A wide range of derivatives contracts are used in these hedging programs, such as futures and total return swaps (both equity and fixed income), options and variance swaps, as well as, to a lesser extent, bond investments and repurchase agreements. For GMxB features, we retain certain risks including basis, credit spread and some 
 4 

Table of Contents 

volatility risk and risk associated with actual versus expected assumptions for mortality, lapse and surrender, withdrawal and contract-holder election rates, among other things. We enter into both centrally cleared and over-the-counter derivatives and have material credit exposure to derivatives dealer counterparties and clearing house members. 
 Reinsurance 
 We have used reinsurance to mitigate a portion of the risks that we face in certain of our variable annuity products with regard to a portion of the GMxB features. Under our reinsurance arrangements, other insurers assume a portion of the obligation to pay claims and related expenses to which we are subject. However, we remain liable as the direct insurer on all risks we reinsure and, therefore, are subject to the risk that our reinsurer is unable or unwilling to pay or reimburse claims at the time demand is made. We evaluate the financial condition of our reinsurers in an effort to minimize our exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies. Also, we ensure that we obtain collateral to mitigate our risk of loss. 
 Non-affiliate Reinsurance . We have reinsured to non-affiliated reinsurers a portion of our exposure on variable annuity products that offer a GMxB feature issued through February 2005. As of December 31, 2022, we had reinsured to non-affiliated reinsurers, subject to certain maximum amounts or caps in any one period, approximately 59.8 of our NAR resulting from the GMIB feature and approximately 41.7 of our NAR to the GMDB obligation on variable annuity contracts in force as of December 31, 2022. For additional information regarding our use of reinsurance, see Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Captive Reinsurance . In addition to non-affiliated reinsurance, we ceded to our affiliate, EQ AZ Life RE, a captive reinsurance company, a 100 quota share of all liabilities for variable annuities with GMIB riders issued on or after May 1, 1999 through August 31, 2005 in excess of the liability assumed by two unaffiliated reinsurers, which are subject to certain maximum amounts or limitations on aggregate claims. We use a captive reinsurer as part of our capital management strategy. For additional information regarding our use of a captive reinsurer, see Regulation Insurance Regulation Captive Reinsurance Regulation and Variable Annuity Capital Standards and Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks and Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Employer-Sponsored Products and Services 
 We also offer tax-deferred investment and retirement services or products to plans sponsored by educational entities, municipalities and not-for-profit entities, as well as small and medium-sized businesses. We operate in the 403(b), 457(b) and 401(k) markets where we sell variable annuity and mutual fund-based products. RBG is the primary distributor of our products and related solutions to individuals in the K-12 education market with more than 1,000 advisors dedicated to helping educators prepare for retirement as of December 31, 2022. 
 Our products offer educators, municipal employees and corporate employees a savings opportunity that provides tax-deferred wealth accumulation. Our innovative product offerings address all retirement phases with diverse investment options. 
 Variable Annuities . Our variable annuities offer defined contribution plan record-keeping, as well as administrative and participant services combined with a variety of proprietary and non-proprietary investment options. Our variable annuity investment lineup mostly consists of proprietary variable investment options that are managed by EIMG, which provides discretionary investment management services for these investment options that include developing and executing asset allocation strategies and providing rigorous oversight of sub-advisors for the investment options. This helps to ensure that we retain high quality managers and that we leverage our scale across our products. In addition, our variable annuity products offer the following features: 
 Guaranteed Investment Option (GIO) Provides a fixed interest rate and guarantee of principal. 
 Structured Investment Option (SIO) Provides upside market participation that tracks certain available indices subject to a performance cap, with some downside protection against losses in the investment over a one, three- or five year period. This option leverages our innovative SCS individual annuity offering, and we believe that we are the only provider that offers this type of offering combined in a variable annuity offering in the defined contribution market today. 
 Personal Income Benefit An optional GMxB feature that enables participants to obtain a guaranteed withdrawal benefit for life for an additional fee. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Open Architecture Mutual Fund Platform . We also offer a mutual fund-based product to complement our variable annuity products. This platform provides a similar service offering to our variable annuities. The program allows plan sponsors to select from thousands of proprietary and third-party sponsored mutual funds. The platform also offers a group fixed annuity that operates very similarly to the GIO as an available investment option on this platform. 
 Services . Both our variable annuity and open architecture mutual fund products offer a suite of tools and services to enable plan participants to obtain education and guidance on their contributions and investment decisions and plan fiduciary services. Education and guidance are available online or in person from a team of plan relationship and enrollment specialists and/or the advisor that sold the product. Our clients retirement contributions come through payroll deductions, which contribute significantly to stable and recurring sources of renewals. 
 Underwriting and Pricing 
 We generally do not underwrite our annuity products on an individual-by-individual basis. Instead, we price our products based upon our expected investment returns and assumptions regarding mortality, longevity and persistency for our policyholders collectively, while taking into account historical experience, volatility of expected earnings on our AV and the expected time to retirement. Our product pricing models also take into account capital requirements, hedging costs and operating expenses. Investment-oriented products are priced based on various factors, which may include investment return, expenses, persistency and optionality. 
 Our variable annuity products generally include penalties for early withdrawals. From time to time, we reevaluate the type and level of guarantees and other features we offer. We have previously changed the nature and pricing of the features we offer and will likely do so from time to time in the future as the needs of our clients, the economic environment and our risk appetite evolve. 
 Risk Management 
 We design our employer-sponsored products with the goal of providing attractive features to clients that also minimize risks to us. To mitigate risks to our General Account from fluctuations in interest rates, we apply a variety of techniques that align well with a given product type. We designed our GIO to comply with the NAIC minimum rate (1.00 for new issues), and our 403(b) products that we currently sell include a contractual provision that enables us to limit transfers into the GIO. As most defined contribution plans allow participants to borrow against their accounts, we have made changes to our loan repayment processes to minimize participant loan defaults and to facilitate loan repayments to the participant s current investment allocation as opposed to requiring repayments only to the GIO. In the 401(k) and 457(b) markets, we may charge a market value adjustment on the assets of the GIO when a plan sponsor terminates its agreement with us. We also prohibit direct transfers to fixed income products that compete with the GIO, which protects the principal in the General Account in a rising interest rate environment. 
 In the Tax-Exempt market, the benefits include a minimum guaranteed interest rate on our GIO, return of premium death benefits and limited optional GMxB features. The utilization of GMxB features is low. In the Corporate market, the products that we sell today do not offer death benefits in excess of the AV. 
 We use a committee of subject matter experts and business leaders that meet periodically to set crediting rates for our guaranteed interest options. The committee evaluates macroeconomic and business factors to determine prudent interest rates in excess of the contract minimum when appropriate. 
 We also monitor the behavior of our clients who have the ability to transfer assets between the GIO and various Separate Accounts investment options. We have not historically observed a material shift of assets moving into guarantees during times of higher market volatility. 
 Hedging 
 We hedge crediting rates to mitigate certain risks associated with the SIO. In order to support the returns associated with the SIO, we enter into derivatives contracts whose payouts, in combination with fixed income investments, emulate those of the S P 500, Russell 2000 or MSCI EAFE index, subject to caps and buffers. 
 Reinsurance 
 On October 3, 2022, Equitable Financial completed the transactions (the Global Atlantic Transaction contemplated by the previously announced Master Transaction Agreement, dated August 16, 2022, by and between Equitable Financial and First 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Allmerica Financial Life Insurance Company, a Massachusetts-domiciled insurance company (the Reinsurer ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Global Atlantic Financial Group. 
 At the closing of the Global Atlantic Transaction, Equitable Financial and the Reinsurer entered into a Coinsurance and Modified Coinsurance Agreement (the EQUI-VEST Reinsurance Agreement ), pursuant to which Equitable Financial ceded to the Reinsurer, on a combined coinsurance and modified coinsurance basis, a 50 quota share of approximately 360,000 legacy Group EQUI-VEST deferred variable annuity contracts issued by Equitable Financial between 1980 and 2008, which predominately include Equitable Financial s highest guaranteed general account crediting rates of 3 , supported by general account assets of approximately 4 billion and 5 billion of separate account value (the Reinsured Contracts ). At the closing of the Global Atlantic Transaction, Reinsurer deposited assets supporting the general account liabilities relating to the Reinsured Contracts into a trust account for the benefit of Equitable Financial, which assets will secure its obligations to Equitable Financial under the EQUI-VEST Reinsurance Agreement. Commonwealth Annuity and Life Insurance Company, an insurance company domiciled in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and affiliate of Reinsurer Commonwealth ), provided a guarantee of Reinsurer s payment obligation to Equitable Financial under the EQUI-VEST Reinsurance Agreement. 
 For additional information regarding the Global Atlantic Transaction, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Executive Summary Global Atlantic Transaction and Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Life Insurance Products 
 We have a long history of providing life insurance products to help affluent and high net worth individuals and small and medium-sized business owners protect and transfer their wealth. We are currently focused on the relatively less capital-intensive asset accumulation segments of the market, with leading offerings in the VUL market. We offer a targeted range of life insurance products aimed at serving the financial needs of our clients throughout their lives. 
 Our product offerings include VUL, IUL and term life products. Our products are distributed through Equitable Advisors and select third-party firms. We benefit from a long-term, stable distribution relationship with Equitable Advisors. Our life insurance products are primarily designed to help individuals and small and medium-sized businesses with protection, wealth accumulation and transfer of wealth at death, as well as corporate planning solutions including non-qualified deferred compensation, succession planning and key person insurance. We target select segments of the life insurance market: permanent life insurance, including IUL and VUL products and term insurance. In recent years, we have refocused our product offering and distribution towards less capital intensive, higher return accumulation and protection products. For example, in January 2021, we discontinued offering our most interest rate sensitive IUL product IUL Protect ). 
 
 Permanent Life Insurance. Our permanent life insurance offerings are built on the premise that all clients expect to receive a benefit from the policy. The benefit may take the form of a life insurance death benefit paid at time of death or access while living to cash that has accumulated in the policy on a tax-favored basis. In each case, the value to the client comes from access to a broad spectrum of equity or fixed interest investments that accumulate the policy value at rates of return consistent with the market. 
 We have three permanent life insurance offerings built upon a UL insurance framework: IUL, VUL and COLI products targeting the small and medium-sized business market. UL policies offer flexible premiums, and generally offer the policyholder the ability to choose one of two death benefit options: a level benefit equal to the policy s original face amount or a variable benefit equal to the original face amount plus any existing policy AV. Our insurance products include single-life and second-to-die (i.e., survivorship) products. 
 IUL . IUL uses an equity-linked approach for generating policy investment returns. The equity linked options provide upside return based on an external equity-based index (e.g., S P 500) subject to a cap. In exchange for this cap on investment returns, the policy provides downside protection in that annual investment returns are floored at zero, protecting the policyholder in the event of a market movement down. As noted above, the performance of any UL insurance policy also depends on the level of policy charges. For further discussion, see Pricing and Fees. 
 VUL . VUL uses a series of investment options to generate the investment return allocated to the cash value. The sub-accounts are similar to retail mutual funds: a policyholder can invest policy values in one or more underlying investment options offering varying levels of risk and growth potential. These provide long-term growth opportunities, tax-deferred earnings and the ability to make tax-free transfers among the various sub-accounts. In addition, the policyholder can invest premiums in a guaranteed interest option, as well as an investment option we call the MSO, which provides downside protection from losses in the index up to a specified percentage. Our COLI product is a VUL insurance product tailored specifically to support executive benefits in the small business market. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

We work with employees of EIMG to identify and include appropriate underlying investment options in our variable life products, as well as to control the costs of these options. 
 Term Life. Term life provides basic life insurance protection for a specified period of time, and is typically a client s first life insurance purchase due to its simple design providing basic income protection. Life insurance benefits are paid if death occurs during the term period, as long as required premiums have been paid. The required premiums are guaranteed not to increase during the term period, otherwise known as a level pay or fixed premium. Our term products include conversion features that allow the policyholder to convert their term life insurance policy to permanent life insurance within policy limits. 
 Other Benefits. We offer a portfolio of riders to provide clients with additional flexibility to protect the value of their investments and overcome challenges. Our Long-Term Care Services Rider provides an acceleration of the policy death benefit in the event of a chronic illness. The MSO, referred to above and offered via a policy rider on our variable life products, provides policyholders with the opportunity to manage volatility. 
 Underwriting 
 Our underwriting process, built around extensive underwriting guidelines, is designed to assign prospective insureds to risk classes in a manner that is consistent with our business and financial objectives, including our risk appetite and pricing expectations. 
 As part of making an underwriting decision, our underwriters evaluate information disclosed as part of the application process as well as information obtained from other sources after the application. This information includes, but is not limited to, the insured s age and sex, results from medical exams and financial information. 
 We continue to research and develop guideline changes to increase the efficiency of our underwriting process (e.g., through the use of predictive models), both from an internal cost perspective and our customer experience perspective. For example, due to effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, we modified our underwriting policies to offer a fluid-less, touchless process to help more clients access the protection they need. 
 We manage changes to our underwriting guidelines though a robust governance process that ensures that our underwriting decisions continue to align with our business and financial objectives, including risk appetite and pricing expectations. 
 Our team of underwriters and medical directors is dedicated to making accurate, timely and competitive underwriting decisions. Our line underwriters are empowered to make decisions and receive support of underwriting managers and medical directors when needed. 
 Our financial due diligence team combines legal, financial and investigative expertise to support the financial underwriting of complex cases, assist in case design and plays an important role in fraud prevention. We continuously monitor our underwriting decisions through internal audits and other quality control processes, to ensure accurate and consistent application of our underwriting guidelines. 
 We use reinsurance to manage our mortality risk and volatility. Our reinsurer partners regularly review our underwriting practices and mortality and lapse experience through audits and experience studies, the outcome of which have consistently validated the high-quality underwriting process and decisions. 
 Pricing and Fees 
 Life insurance products are priced based upon assumptions including, but not limited to, expected future premium payments, surrender rates, mortality and morbidity rates, investment returns, hedging costs, equity returns, expenses and inflation and capital requirements. The primary source of revenue from our life insurance business is premiums, investment income, asset-based fees (including investment management and 12b-1 fees) and policy charges (expense loads, surrender charges, mortality charges and other policy charges). 
 Risk Management 
 Reinsurance 
 We use reinsurance to mitigate a portion of our risk and optimize the capital efficiency and operating returns of our life insurance portfolio. As part of our risk management function, we continuously monitor the financial condition of our reinsurers 
 8 

Table of Contents 

in an effort to minimize our exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies. In addition, effective April 1, 2020, we reinsured a material portion of our inforce term block. In most cases, amounts in excess of 2 million are reinsured. 
 Non-affiliate Reinsurance . We generally obtain reinsurance for the portion of a life insurance policy that exceeds 10 million. We have set up reinsurance pools with highly rated unaffiliated reinsurers that obligate the pool participants to pay death claim amounts in excess of our retention limits for an agreed-upon premium. 
 Captive Reinsurance . EQ AZ Life Re Company reinsures a 90 quota share of level premium term insurance issued by Equitable Financial on or after March 1, 2003 through December 31, 2008 and 90 of the risk of the lapse protection riders under UL insurance policies issued by Equitable Financial on or after June 1, 2003 through June 30, 2007 (collectively, the Life Business ). 
 Hedging 
 We hedge the exposure contained in our IUL products and the MSO rider we offer on our VUL products. These products and riders allow the policyholder to participate in the performance of an index price movement up to certain caps and/or protect the policyholder in a movement down for a set period of time. In order to support our obligations under these investment options, we enter into derivatives contracts whose payouts, in combination with returns from the underlying fixed income investments, seek to replicate those of the index price, subject to prescribed caps and buffers. Our hedging exposes us to counterparty risk as well as fellow customer default risk, in respect to certain types of cleared contracts. 
 Employee Benefits Products 
 Our employee benefits business focuses on serving small and medium-sized businesses located in New York, offering these businesses a differentiated technology platform and competitive suite of group insurance products. Leveraging our innovative technology platform, we have formed strategic partnerships with large insurance and health carriers as their primary group benefits provider. As a new entrant in the employee benefits market we were able to build a platform from the ground up, without reliance on legacy systems. This helps put us in a position to embrace industry shifts quickly and provides us with an advantage over many competitors. 
 Our products are designed to provide valuable protection for employees as well as help employers attract employees and control costs. We currently offer a suite of Group Life Insurance (including Accidental Death Dismemberment), Supplemental Life, Dental, Vision, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, Critical Illness, Accident and Hospital Indemnity insurance products. 
 Underwriting 
 We manage the underwriting process to facilitate quality sales and serve the needs of our customers, while supporting our financial strength and business objectives. The application of our underwriting guidelines is continuously monitored through internal underwriting controls and audits to achieve high standards of underwriting and consistency. 
 Pricing and Fees 
 Employee benefits pricing reflects the claims experience and the risk characteristics of each group. We set appropriate plans for the group based on demographic information and, for larger groups, also evaluate the experience of the group. The claims experience is reviewed at the time of policy issuance and during the renewal timeframes, resulting in periodic pricing adjustments at the group level. 
 Reinsurance 
 We reinsure our group life, disability, critical illness, and accident products. These treaties include both quota share reinsurance and excess of loss. Specifics of each treaty vary by product and support our risk management objectives. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

MARKETS 
 Variable Annuity Products. Our variable annuity products are primarily sold to both retirees seeking retirement income and a broader class of investors, including affluent, high net worth individuals and families saving for retirement, registered investment advisers and their clients, as well as younger investors who have maxed out contributions to other retirement accounts but are seeking tax-deferred growth opportunities. Our customers prioritize certain features based on their life-stage and investment needs or those of their clients. In addition, our products offer features designed to serve different market conditions. SCS serves clients with investable assets who want exposure to equity markets, but also want to guard against a market correction. SCS Income serves clients who want exposure to equity markets, but also want to protect against a market correction, while seeking guaranteed income. Retirement Cornerstone serves clients who want growth potential and guaranteed income with increases in a rising interest rate environment. Investment Edge serves clients concerned about rising taxes. 
 Employer-Sponsored Products and Services. We primarily operate in the tax-exempt 403(b)/457(b)/491(a), corporate 401(k), institutional 401(k) and other markets. In the tax-exempt 403(b)/457(b) market, we primarily serve individual employees of public school systems. To a lesser extent, we also market to government entities that sponsor 457(b) plans. In the corporate 401(k) market, we target small and medium-sized businesses with 401(k) plans that generally have under 20 million in assets. In 2022, we expanded our presence in the institutional lifetime income market, which was launched in 2010 through our relationship with AllianceBernstein. Our Institutional business offers GMxB and other annuity guarantees to large institutional retirement plans (over 500 million in assets). Our product offerings accommodate start up plans and plans with accumulated assets. 
 Life Insurance Products. While we serve all Equitable client segments, we specialize in Small to Medium Enterprises and high-income/high-net worth clients and their advisers. We also complement our permanent product suite with term products for clients with simpler needs. We focus on creating value for our customers through the differentiated features and benefits we offer on our products. 
 Employee Benefit Products. Our employee benefit product suite is focused on small and medium-sized businesses located in New York seeking simple, technology-driven employee benefits management. We built the employee benefits business from the ground up based on feedback from brokers and employers, ensuring the business relevance to the market we address. We are committed to continuously evolving our product suite and technology platform to meet market demand. 
 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 We primarily distribute our products through Equitable Advisors and through third party distribution channels. 
 Affiliated Distribution. We offer our products on a retail basis through Equitable Advisors, our affiliated retail sales force of more than [4,400] financial professionals. These financial professionals have access to and offer a broad array of variable annuity, life insurance, employee benefits and investment products and services from affiliated and unaffiliated insurers and other financial service providers. Equitable Advisors, through RBG, is the primary distribution channel for our employer-sponsored products and services. RBG has a group of more than 1,100 advisors that specialize in the 403(b) and 457(b) markets. Equitable Advisors and RBG sell directly to clients as well as to registered investment advisers, family offices and other intermediaries for their clients. 
 Third-Party Distribution . For our annuity products, we have shifted the focus of our third-party distribution significantly over the last decade, growing our distribution in the bank, broker-dealer and insurance partner channels. Employer-sponsored products are also distributed through third-party firms and directly to customers online. We also distribute life insurance products through third-party firms provides efficient access to independent producers on a largely variable cost basis. Brokerage general agencies, producer groups, banks, warehouses, and independent broker-dealers are all important partners who distribute our products today. Our Employee Benefits products are distributed through the traditional broker channel, strategic partnerships (medical partners, professional employer organizations (PEOs), and associations), General Agencies, TPAs and Equitable Advisors. 

COMPETITION 
 There is strong competition among insurers, banks, brokerage firms and other financial institutions and providers seeking clients for the types of products and services we provide. Competition is intense among a broad range of financial institutions and other financial service providers for retirement and other savings dollars. 
 The principal competitive factors affecting our business are our financial strength as evidenced, in part, by our financial and claims-paying ratings; access to capital; access to diversified sources of distribution; size and scale; product quality, range, 
 10 

Table of Contents 

features/functionality and price; our ability to bring customized products to the market quickly; technological capabilities; our ability to explain complicated products and features to our distribution channels and customers; crediting rates on fixed products; visibility, recognition and understanding of our brand in the marketplace; reputation and quality of service; the tax-favored status certain of our products receive under the current federal and state laws and (with respect to variable insurance and annuity products, mutual funds and other investment products) investment options, flexibility and investment management performance. 
 We and our affiliated distributors must attract and retain productive sales representatives to sell our products. Strong competition continues among financial institutions for sales representatives with demonstrated ability. We and our affiliated distribution companies compete with other financial institutions for sales representatives primarily on the basis of financial position, product breadth and features, support services and compensation policies. 
 Legislative and other rulemaking and governmental policy changes affecting the regulatory environment can affect our competitive position within the life insurance industry and within the broader financial services industry. 
 Equitable Investment Management 
 EIMG is the investment manager and formerly the administrator for our proprietary variable funds. On June 22, 2021, Holdings completed the formation of Equitable Investment Management, LLC EIM ), a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Holdings. Effective August 1, 2021, EIM replaced EIMG as the administrator of EQAT, EQ Premier VIP Trust and 1290 Funds (each, a Trust and collectively, the Trusts ). In addition, on October 1, 2021, the Company entered into an investment advisory and management agreement by which EIM became the investment manager for the Company s general account portfolio. Effective December 30, 2022, the name of EIM changed to Equitable Financial Investment Management, LLC. On June 10, 2022, Equitable Holdings completed the formation of Equitable Investment Management II, LLC, a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Holdings EIM II , and collectively with EIMG and EIM, Equitable Investment Management ). Effective January 1, 2023, EIM II replaced EIM as the administrator of each Trust. 
 EIMG is the investment manager and administrator for our proprietary variable funds and supports our business. EIMG helps add value and marketing appeal to our products by bringing investment management expertise and specialized strategies to the underlying investment lineup of each product. In addition, by advising on an attractive array of proprietary investment portfolios (each, a Portfolio, and together, the Portfolios ), EIMG brings investment acumen, financial controls and economies of scale to the construction of underlying investment options for our products. 
 EIMG provides investment management services to different types of proprietary investment vehicles sponsored by the Company, including registered investment companies that are underlying investment options for our variable insurance and annuity products. EIMG is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act. EIMG serves as the investment adviser to EQAT and EQ Premier VIP Trust and to two private investment trusts established in the Cayman Islands. Each Trust and private investment trusts is a series type of trust with multiple series that use the Portfolios created by EIMG. EIMG provides discretionary investment management services to the Trust to manage each series in accordance with the recommended Portfolios, including, among other things, (1) providing portfolio management services for the Portfolios; (2) selecting, monitoring and overseeing investment sub-advisers to implement the Portfolio strategies; and (3) developing and executing asset allocation strategies for multi-advised Portfolios and Portfolios structured as funds-of-funds. EIMG is further charged with ensuring that the other parts of the Company that interact with the Trusts, such as product management, the distribution system and the financial organization, have a specific point of contact. 
 EIMG has a variety of responsibilities for the management of its investment company clients. One of EIMG s primary responsibilities is to provide clients with portfolio management and investment advisory services, principally by reviewing whether to appoint, dismiss or replace sub-advisers to each Portfolio, and thereafter monitoring and reviewing each sub-adviser s performance through qualitative and quantitative analysis, as well as periodic in-person, telephonic and written consultations with the sub-advisers. Currently, EIMG has entered into sub-advisory agreements with more than 50 different sub-advisers, including AB. Another primary responsibility of EIMG is to develop and monitor the investment program of each Portfolio, including Portfolio investment objectives, policies and asset allocations for the Portfolios, select investments for Portfolios (or portions thereof) for which it provides direct investment selection services, and ensure that investments and asset allocations are consistent with the guidelines that have been approved by clients. 
 EIM provided administrative services to the Portfolios from August 1, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Effective January 1, 2023, EIM II provides administrative services to the Portfolios. The administrative services that EIM II provides to the Portfolios include, among others, coordination of each Portfolio s audit, financial statements and tax returns; expense 
 11 

Table of Contents 

management and budgeting; legal administrative services and compliance monitoring; portfolio accounting services, including daily net asset value accounting; risk management; oversight of proxy voting procedures and an anti-money laundering program. 
 EIM provides investment management services to our General Account portfolio. EIM provides non-discretionary investment advisory and asset management services, including, but not limited to providing investment advice on strategic investment management activities, asset strategies through affiliated and unaffiliated asset managers, strategic oversight of the General Account portfolio, portfolio management, yield/duration optimization, asset liability management, asset allocation, liquidity and close alignment to business strategies, as well as advising on other services in accordance with the investment advisory and management agreement. Subject to oversight and supervision by EIM, EIM may delegate any of its duties with respect to some or all of the assets of the General Account to a sub-adviser. 
 
 REGULATION 
 Insurance Regulation 
 We are licensed to transact insurance business and are subject to extensive regulation and supervision by insurance regulators, in all 50 states of the United States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The primary regulator of an insurance company, however, is located in its state of domicile. We are domiciled in New York and are primarily regulated by the Superintendent of the NYDFS. The extent of regulation by jurisdiction varies, but most jurisdictions have laws and regulations governing the financial aspects and business conduct of insurers. State laws in the United States grant insurance regulatory authorities broad administrative powers with respect to, among other things, licensing companies to transact business, sales practices, establishing statutory capital and reserve requirements and solvency standards, reinsurance and hedging, protecting privacy, regulating advertising, restricting the payment of dividends and other transactions between affiliates, permitted types and concentrations of investments and business conduct to be maintained by insurance companies as well as agent and insurance producer licensing, and, to the extent applicable to the particular type of insurance, approval or filing of policy forms and rates. Insurance regulators have the discretionary authority to limit or prohibit new issuances of business to policyholders within their jurisdictions when, in their judgment, such regulators determine that the issuing company is not maintaining adequate statutory surplus or capital. Additionally, New York s insurance laws limit sales commissions and certain other marketing expenses that we may incur. 
 Supervisory agencies in each of the jurisdictions in which we do business may conduct regular or targeted examinations of our operations and accounts and make requests for particular information from us. For example, periodic financial examinations of the books, records, accounts and business practices of insurers domiciled in their states are generally conducted by such supervisory agencies every three to five years. From time to time, regulators raise issues during examinations or audits of us that could, if determined adversely, or if they result in an enforcement action, have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, new laws and regulations and changed interpretations of existing regulations and laws by regulators may adversely impact our business and the impact could be more adverse in the case of statutes, regulations or guidance enacted or adopted with retroactive impact, particularly in areas such as accounting or statutory reserve requirements. In addition to oversight by state insurance regulators in recent years, the insurance industry has seen an increase in inquiries from state attorneys general and other state officials regarding compliance with certain state insurance, securities and other applicable laws. We have received and responded to such inquiries from time to time. For additional information on legal and regulatory risks, see Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks. 
 We are required to file detailed annual and quarterly financial statements, prepared on a statutory accounting basis or in accordance with other accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the applicable regulator, with supervisory agencies in each of the jurisdictions in which we do business. The NAIC has approved a series of uniform SAP that has been adopted by all state insurance regulators, in some cases with certain modifications. As a basis of accounting, SAP was developed to monitor and regulate the solvency of insurance companies. In developing SAP, insurance regulators were primarily concerned with ensuring an insurer s ability to pay all its current and future obligations to policyholders. As a result, statutory accounting focuses on conservatively valuing the assets and liabilities of insurers, generally in accordance with standards specified by the insurer s domiciliary state. The values for assets, liabilities and equity reflected in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP are usually different from those reflected in financial statements prepared under SAP. See Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Holding Company and Shareholder Dividend Regulation 
 All states regulate transactions between an insurer and its affiliates under their insurance holding company laws. The insurance holding company laws and regulations vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, but generally require that all transactions 
 12 

Table of Contents 

affecting insurers within a holding company system be fair and reasonable and, in many cases, require prior notice and approval or non-disapproval by the insurer s domiciliary insurance regulator. 
 The insurance holding company laws and regulations generally also require a controlled insurance company i.e. , an insurer that is a subsidiary of an insurance holding company) to register and file with state insurance regulatory authorities certain reports, including information concerning its capital structure, ownership, financial condition, certain intercompany transactions and general business operations. In addition, states require the ultimate controlling person of a U.S. insurer to file an annual enterprise risk report with the lead state regulator of the insurance holding company system identifying risks likely to have a material adverse effect upon the financial condition or liquidity of the insurer or its insurance holding company system as a whole. 
 State insurance laws also place restrictions and limitations on the amount of dividends or other distributions payable by insurance company subsidiaries to their parent companies, as well as on transactions between an insurer and its affiliates. Under New York s insurance laws, which are applicable to us, a domestic stock life insurer may pay an ordinary dividend to its stockholders without regulatory approval provided that the amount does not exceed the statutory formula Ordinary Dividend ). Dividends in excess of this amount require a New York domestic life insurer to file a notice of its intent to declare the dividend with the NYDFS and obtain prior approval or non-disapproval from the NYDFS with respect to such dividend Extraordinary Dividend ). Due to a permitted statutory accounting practice agreed to with the NYDFS, we need the prior approval of the NYDFS to pay the portion, if any, of any Ordinary Dividend that exceeds the Ordinary Dividend that we would be permitted to pay under New York s insurance laws absent the application of such permitted practice (such excess, the Permitted Practice Ordinary Dividend ). 
 For additional information on shareholder dividends, see Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 State insurance holding company laws and regulations also regulate changes in control. State laws provide that no person, corporation or other entity may acquire control of a domestic insurance company, or any parent company of such insurance company, without the prior approval of the insurance company s domiciliary state insurance regulator. Generally, any person acquiring, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting securities of an insurance company is presumed to have acquired control of the company. This statutory presumption may be rebutted by a showing that control does not exist in fact. State insurance regulators, however, may find that control exists in circumstances in which a person owns or controls, directly or indirectly, less than 10 of the voting securities. 
 The laws and regulations regarding acquisition of control transactions may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay or prevent a change of control involving us, including through unsolicited transactions that some of our shareholders might consider desirable. 
 NAIC 
 The mandate of the NAIC is to benefit state insurance regulatory authorities and consumers by promulgating model insurance laws and regulations for adoption by the states. The NAIC has established statutory accounting principles set forth in the Manual. However, a state may have adopted or in the future may adopt statutory accounting principles that differ from the Manual. Changes to the Manual or states adoption of prescribed differences to the Manual may impact the statutory capital and surplus of our U.S. insurance companies. 
 The NAIC s Risk Management and Own Risk and Solvency Assessment Model Act ORSA ), which has been enacted by our domiciliary state requires insurers to maintain a risk management framework and conduct an internal risk and solvency assessment of their material risks in normal and stressed environments. The assessment is documented in a confidential annual ORSA summary report, a copy of which must be made available to regulators as required or upon request. 
 The NAIC's Corporate Governance Annual Disclosure Model Act has also been adopted in New York. It requires insurers to annually file detailed information regarding their corporate governance policies. 
 The NAIC amended the Standard Valuation Law to require a principle-based approach to reserving for life insurance and annuity contracts, which resulted in corresponding amendments to the NAIC s Valuation Manual (the Valuation Manual ). Principle-based reserving is designed to better address reserving for life insurance and annuity products. It has been adopted in all states, although in New York, principle-based reserving became effective with the adoption of Regulation 213, which differs from the NAIC Standard Valuation Law, as discussed further below. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

The NAIC has been focused on a macro-prudential initiative since 2017, that is intended to enhance risk identification efforts through proposed enhancements to supervisory practices related to liquidity, recovery and resolution, capital stress testing and counterparty exposure concentrations for life insurers. In 2020, the NAIC adopted amendments to the Model Holding Company Act and Regulation that implement an annual filing requirement related to a liquidity stress-testing framework (the Liquidity Stress Test for certain large U.S. life insurers and insurance groups (based on amounts of certain types of business written or material exposure to certain investment transactions, such as derivatives and securities lending). The Liquidity Stress Test is used as a regulatory tool in jurisdictions which have adopted the holding company amendments. New York has not yet adopted the amendments. We cannot predict what impact this tool may have on the Company. 
 The NAIC also developed a group capital calculation tool GCC using an RBC aggregation methodology for all entities within the insurance holding company system, including non-U.S. entities. The GCC provides U.S. solvency regulators with an additional analytical tool for conducting group-wide supervision. The NAIC s amendments to the Model Holding Company Act and Regulation in 2020 also adopted the GCC Template and Instructions and implemented the annual filing requirement with an insurance group s lead state regulator. The GCC filing requirement becomes effective when the holding company amendments have been adopted by the state where an insurance group s lead state regulator is located. 
 Captive Reinsurance Regulation and Variable Annuity Capital Standards 
 We use an affiliated captive reinsurer as part of our capital management strategy. During the last few years, the NAIC and certain state regulators, including the NYDFS, have been focused on insurance companies use of affiliated captive reinsurers or offshore entities. 
 The NAIC adopted a revised preamble to the NAIC accreditation standards (the Standard which applies the Standard to captive insurers that assume level premium term life insurance XXX business and universal life with secondary guarantees AXXX business. The NAIC also developed a regulatory framework, the XXX/AXXX Reinsurance Framework, for XXX/AXXX transactions. The framework requires more disclosure of an insurer s use of captives in its statutory financial statements and narrows the types of assets permitted to back statutory reserves that are required to support the insurer s future obligations. The XXX/AXXX Reinsurance Framework was implemented through an actuarial guideline AG 48 ), which requires a ceding insurer s actuary to opine on the insurer s reserves and issue a qualified opinion if the framework is not followed. AG 48 applies prospectively, so that XXX/AXXX captives are not subject to AG 48 if reinsured policies were issued prior to January 1, 2015 and ceded so that they were part of a reinsurance arrangement as of December 31, 2014, as is the case for the XXX business and AXXX business reinsured by our Arizona captive. The Standard is satisfied if the applicable reinsurance transaction satisfies the XXX/AXXX Reinsurance Framework requirements. The NAIC also adopted the Term and Universal Life Insurance Reserving Financing Model Regulation which contains the same substantive requirements as AG 48, as amended by the NAIC, and it establishes uniform, national standards governing reserve financing arrangements pertaining to the term life and universal life insurance policies with secondary guarantees. The model regulation has been adopted by the State of New York. 
 The NAIC adopted a new framework for variable annuity captive reinsurance transactions that became operational in 2020, which includes reforms that improve the statutory reserve and RBC framework for insurance companies that sell variable annuity products. Among other changes, the framework includes new prescriptions for reflecting hedge effectiveness, investment returns, interest rates, mortality and policyholder behavior in calculating statutory reserves and RBC. Overall, we believe the NAIC reform has moved variable annuity capital standards towards an economic framework which is consistent with how we manage our business. The Company adopted the NAIC reserve and capital framework for the year ended December 31, 2019. 
 As noted above, New York s Regulation 213, which is applicable to Equitable Financial, differs from the NAIC s variable annuity reserve and capital framework described above. Regulation 213 requires New York licensed insurers, to carry statutory basis reserves for variable annuity contract obligations equal to the greater of those required under (i) the NAIC standard or (ii) a revised version of the NYDFS requirement in effect prior to the adoption of the regulation s first amendment for contracts issued prior to January 1, 2020, and for policies issued after that date a new standard that is more conservative than the NAIC standard. As a result, Regulation 213 materially increases the statutory basis reserves that New York licensed insurers are required to carry which could adversely affect their capacity to distribute dividends. As a holding company, Holdings relies on dividends and other payments from its subsidiaries and, accordingly, any material limitation on Equitable Financial s dividend capacity could materially affect Holdings ability to return capital to stockholders through dividends and stock repurchases. 
 In order to mitigate the impacts of Regulation 213 discussed above, the Company completed a series of management actions prior to year-end 2022. Equitable Financial entered into a reinsurance agreement with Swiss Re Life Health America 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Inc., we completed the Global Atlantic Reinsurance Transaction, we completed certain internal restructurings that increase cash flows to Holdings from non-life insurance entities, and we changed our underwriting practices to emphasize issuing products out of our non-New York domiciled insurance subsidiary. Equitable Financial was also granted a permitted practice by the NYDFS which partially mitigates Regulation 213 s impact from the Venerable Transaction to make the regulation s application to Equitable Financial more consistent with the NAIC reserve and capital framework. We are considering further management actions intended to reduce any future potential impacts of Regulation 213 which could include seeking further amendment of Regulation 213 or exemptive relief therefrom, increasing the use of reinsurance and pursuing other corporate transactions. There can be no assurance that any management action individually or collectively will fully mitigate the impact of Regulation 213. Other state insurance regulators may also propose and adopt standards that differ from the NAIC framework. See Note 18 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional detail on the permitted practice granted by the NYDFS. 
 We cannot predict what revisions, if any, will be made to the model laws and regulations relating to the use of captives. Any regulatory action that limits our ability to achieve desired benefits from the use of or materially increases our cost of using captive reinsurance and applies retroactively, without grandfathering provisions for existing captive variable annuity reinsurance entities, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. For additional information on our use of a captive reinsurance company, see Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks. 
 Surplus and Capital; Risk Based Capital 
 Insurers are required to maintain their capital and surplus at or above minimum levels. Regulators have discretionary authority, in connection with the continued licensing of insurance companies, to limit or prohibit an insurer s sales to policyholders if, in their judgment, the regulators determine that such insurer has not maintained the minimum surplus or capital or that the further transaction of business will be hazardous to policyholders. We report our RBC based on a formula calculated by applying factors to various asset, premium and statutory reserve items, as well as taking into account the risk characteristics of the insurer. The major categories of risk involved are asset risk, insurance risk, interest rate risk, market risk and business risk. The formula is used as a regulatory tool to identify possible inadequately capitalized insurers for purposes of initiating regulatory action, and not as a means to rank insurers generally. State insurance laws provide insurance regulators the authority to require various actions by, or take various actions against, insurers whose RBC ratio does not meet or exceed certain RBC levels. The NAIC approved RBC revisions for corporate bonds, real estate equity and longevity risk that took effect at year-end 2021 and had a minimal RBC impact on Equitable Financial. The NAIC also approved an RBC update for mortality risk that took effect at year-end 2022, which similarly had a minimal impact on Equitable Financial. As of the date of the most recent annual statutory financial statements filed with insurance regulators, our RBC was in excess of each of those RBC levels. 
 Regulation of Investments 
 
 State insurance laws and regulations limit the amount of investments that we may have in certain asset categories, such as below investment grade fixed income securities, real estate equity, other equity investments, and derivatives, and require diversification of investment portfolios. Investments exceeding regulatory limitations are not admitted for purposes of measuring surplus. In some instances, laws require us to divest any non-qualifying investments. 
 
 The NAIC has been evaluating the risks associated with insurers investments in certain categories of structured securities, including CLOs. The NAIC is considering a proposal to assign NAIC designations to CLOs based on modeling by the Securities Valuation Office as opposed to NRSRO credit ratings. Under this proposal, the NAIC Structured Securities Group (SSG) would model CLO securities and evaluate tranche level losses across all debt and equity tranches under a series of calibrated and weighted collateral stress scenarios to assign NAIC designations. The NAIC s goal is to ensure that the aggregate RBC factor for owning all tranches of a CLO more closely aligns with what is required for owning all of the underlying loan collateral, in order to address RBC arbitrage. The NAIC is also considering an interim solution for residual/equity tranches. These changes would be implemented at year-end 2023 at the earliest. It is possible that the NAIC may propose new regulations or changes to statutory accounting principles regarding CLOs. 
 Guaranty Associations and Similar Arrangements 
 Each of the states in which we are admitted to transact business require life insurers doing business within the jurisdiction to participate in guaranty associations, which are organized to pay certain contractual insurance benefits owed pursuant to insurance policies issued by impaired, insolvent or failed insurers. The laws are designed to protect policyholders from losses under insurance policies issued by insurance companies that become impaired or insolvent. These associations levy assessments, up to prescribed limits, on all member insurers in a particular state based on their proportionate share of premiums written in the lines of business in which the impaired, insolvent or failed insurer is engaged. Some states permit member insurers to recover assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

During each of the past five years, the assessments levied against us have not been material. 
 New York Insurance Regulation 210 
 In recent years, state regulators have considered whether to apply regulatory standards to the determination and/or readjustment of non-guaranteed elements NGEs within life insurance policies and annuity contracts that may be adjusted at the insurer s discretion, such as the cost of insurance for universal life insurance policies and interest crediting rates for life insurance policies and annuity contracts. For example, New York s Insurance Regulation 210 establishes standards for the determination and any readjustment of NGEs, including a prohibition on increasing profit margins on existing business or recouping past losses on such business, and requires advance notice of any adverse change in a NGE to both the NYDFS and affected policyholders. We have developed policies and procedures designed to comply with Regulation 210 and to date, have not seen adverse effects on our business. It is possible, however, that Regulation 210 could adversely impact management s ability to determine and/or readjust NGEs in the future. Beyond the New York regulation and similar rules enacted in California (effective on July 1, 2019) and Texas (effective on January 1, 2021), the likelihood of enacting any additional state-based regulation is uncertain at this time, but if implemented, these regulations could have an adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations. 
 Broker-Dealer and Securities Regulation and Commodities Regulation 
 We and certain policies and contracts offered by us are subject to regulation under the Federal securities laws administered by the SEC, self-regulatory organizations and under certain state securities laws. These regulators may conduct examinations of our operations, and from time to time make requests for particular information from us. 
 Certain of our subsidiaries and affiliates, including Equitable Advisors, Equitable Distributors, SCB LLC and AllianceBernstein Investments, Inc., are registered as broker-dealers (collectively, the Broker-Dealers under the Exchange Act. The Broker-Dealers are subject to extensive regulation by the SEC and are members of, and subject to regulation by, FINRA, a self-regulatory organization subject to SEC oversight. Among other regulation, the Broker-Dealers are subject to the capital requirements of the SEC and FINRA, which specify minimum levels of capital net capital that the Broker-Dealers are required to maintain and also limit the amount of leverage that the Broker-Dealers are able to employ in their businesses. The SEC and FINRA also regulate the sales practices of the Broker-Dealers. In June 2020, Regulation Best Interest Regulation BI went into effect with respect to recommendation of securities and accounts to retail customers, defined generally as natural persons and their investment vehicles. Regulation BI requires the Broker-Dealers, when making a recommendation of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities (including account recommendations) to a retail customer to provide specified disclosures and act solely in the retail customer s best interest. Moreover, in recent years, the SEC and FINRA have intensified their scrutiny of sales practices relating to variable annuities, variable life insurance and alternative investments, among other products. In addition, the Broker-Dealers are also subject to regulation by state securities administrators in those states in which they conduct business, who may also conduct examinations and direct inquiries to the Broker-Dealers and bring enforcement actions against the Broker-Dealers. Broker-Dealers are required to obtain approval from FINRA for material changes in their businesses as well as certain restructuring and mergers and acquisition events. The Broker-Dealers are also subject to registration and regulation by regulatory authorities in the foreign jurisdictions in which they do business. 
 Certain of our Separate Accounts are registered as investment companies under the Investment Company Act. Separate Accounts interests under certain annuity contracts and insurance policies issued by us are also registered under the Securities Act. EQAT, EQ Premier VIP Trust and 1290 Funds are registered as investment companies under the Investment Company Act and shares offered by these investment companies are also registered under the Securities Act. Many of the investment companies managed by AB, including a variety of mutual funds and other pooled investment vehicles, are registered with the SEC under the Investment Company Act, and, if appropriate, shares of these entities are registered under the Securities Act. Many of the investment companies managed by AB, including a variety of mutual funds and other pooled investment vehicles, are registered with the SEC under the Investment Company Act, and, if appropriate, shares of these entities are registered under the Securities Act. 
 Certain subsidiaries and affiliates including EIMG, Equitable Advisors and AB, and certain of its subsidiaries are registered as investment advisers under the Investment Advisers Act. The investment advisory activities of such registered investment advisers are subject to various federal and state laws and regulations and to the laws in those foreign countries in which they conduct business. These U.S. and foreign laws and regulations generally grant supervisory agencies broad administrative powers, including the power to limit or restrict the carrying on of business for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

EIMG is registered with the CFTC as a commodity pool operator with respect to certain portfolios and is also a member of the NFA. AB and certain of its subsidiaries are also separately registered with the CFTC as commodity pool operators and commodity trading advisers; SCB LLC is also registered with the CFTC as a commodity introducing broker. The CFTC is a federal independent agency that is responsible for, among other things, the regulation of commodity interests and enforcement of the CEA. The NFA is a self-regulatory organization to which the CFTC has delegated, among other things, the administration and enforcement of commodity regulatory registration requirements and the regulation of its members. As such, EIMG is subject to regulation by the NFA and CFTC and is subject to certain legal requirements and restrictions in the CEA and in the rules and regulations of the CFTC and the rules and by-laws of the NFA on behalf of itself and any commodity pools that it operates, including investor protection requirements and anti-fraud prohibitions, and is subject to periodic inspections and audits by the CFTC and NFA. EIMG is also subject to certain CFTC-mandated disclosure, reporting and record-keeping obligations. 
 Regulators, including the SEC, FINRA, and state securities regulators and attorneys general, continue to focus attention on various practices in or affecting the investment management and/or mutual fund industries, including portfolio management, valuation, fee break points, and the use of fund assets for distribution. 
 We and certain of our subsidiaries provide regular financial reporting as well as, in certain cases, additional information and documents to the SEC, FINRA, the CFTC, NFA, state securities regulators and attorneys general, the NYDFS and other state insurance regulators, and other regulators regarding our compliance with insurance, securities and other laws and regulations regarding the conduct of our businesses. For additional information on regulatory matters, see Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The SEC, FINRA, the CFTC and other governmental regulatory authorities may institute administrative or judicial proceedings against our subsidiaries or their personnel that may result in censure, fines, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders, trading prohibitions, the suspension or expulsion of a broker-dealer, commodity pool, investment adviser, operator, or other type of regulated entity, or member, its officers, registered representatives or employees or other similar sanctions. 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 Currently, the U.S. federal government does not directly regulate the business of insurance. While the Dodd-Frank Act does not remove primary responsibility for the supervision and regulation of insurance from the states, Title V of the Dodd-Frank Act established the FIO within the U.S. Treasury Department and reformed the regulation of the non-admitted property and casualty insurance market and the reinsurance market. The Dodd-Frank Act also established the FSOC, which is authorized to subject non-bank financial companies, including insurers, to supervision by the Federal Reserve and enhanced prudential standards if the FSOC determines that a non-bank financial institution could pose a threat to U.S. financial stability. The FSOC modified the designation process by adopting an activities-based approach for identifying and addressing potential risks to financial stability. 
 The FIO s authority extends to all lines of insurance except health insurance, crop insurance and (unless included with life or annuity components) long-term care insurance. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the FIO is charged with monitoring all aspects of the insurance industry (including identifying gaps in regulation that could contribute to a systemic crisis), recommending to the FSOC the designation of any insurer and its affiliates as a non-bank financial company subject to oversight by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (including the administration of stress testing on capital), assisting the Treasury Secretary in negotiating covered agreements with non-U.S. governments or regulatory authorities, and, with respect to state insurance laws and regulation, determining whether state insurance measures are pre-empted by such covered agreements. 
 In addition, the FIO is empowered to request and collect data (including financial data) on and from the insurance industry and insurers (including reinsurers) and their affiliates. In such capacity, the FIO may require an insurer or an affiliate of an insurer to submit such data or information as the FIO may reasonably require. In addition, the FIO s approval is required to subject a financial company whose largest U.S. subsidiary is an insurer to the special orderly liquidation process outside the federal bankruptcy code, administered by the FDIC pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act. U.S. insurance subsidiaries of any such financial company, however, would be subject to rehabilitation and liquidation proceedings under state insurance law. The Dodd-Frank Act also reforms the regulation of the non-admitted property/casualty insurance market (commonly referred to as excess and surplus lines) and the reinsurance markets, including prohibiting the ability of non-domiciliary state insurance regulators to deny credit for reinsurance when recognized by the ceding insurer s domiciliary state regulator. 
 In October 2022, the SEC adopted final rules requiring the recovery of erroneously awarded compensation as mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act. The rules will, among other things, require national securities exchanges to establish listing standards that 
 17 

Table of Contents 

would require listed companies to adopt and comply with a compensation recovery policy, often known as a clawback policy, and require listed companies to provide disclosure about such policies and how they are being implemented. In the event a company is required to prepare an accounting restatement, including to correct an error that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period, the company must recover from any current or former executive officers incentive-based compensation that was erroneously awarded during the three years preceding the date such a restatement was required. The recoverable amount would be the amount of incentive-based compensation received in excess of the amount that otherwise would have been received had it been determined based on the restated financial measure. The updated listing standards related to clawback policies will become effective no later than November 28, 2023. Listed companies will be required to adopt a clawback policy no later than 60 days following the applicable listing standards effective date and make the required disclosure in proxy and information statements, as well as annual reports filed after the adoption of their clawback policy. We are currently awaiting the finalization of the relevant listing standards and are evaluating our existing clawback policy to determine if any updates are required. 
 On August 25, 2022, the SEC adopted final rules implementing the pay versus performance requirement as mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act. The rules require public companies to disclose the relationship between their executive compensation and financial performance in proxy or information statements in which executive compensation disclosures are required. Under the new rules, companies will be required to provide a table disclosing specified executive compensation and financial performance measures for the five most recently completed fiscal years after an initial phase-in period. Companies are also required to describe the relationship between the actual executive compensation paid, as defined by the new rules, and each of the financial performance measures in the table, as well as the company s total shareholder return TSR and the TSR of its selected peer group. In addition, companies are required to disclose three to seven financial performance measures they determine to be the most important performance measures for linking executive compensation actually paid to company performance. These final rules are effective in proxy and information statements for fiscal years ending on or after December 16, 2022. 
 Other aspects of our operations could also be affected by the Dodd-Frank Act, including: 
 Heightened Standards and Safeguards 
 The FSOC may recommend that state insurance regulators or other regulators apply new or heightened standards and safeguards for activities or practices we and other insurers or other financial services companies engage in if the FSOC determines that those activities or practices could create or increase the risk that significant liquidity, credit or other problems spread among financial companies. We cannot predict whether any such recommendations will be made or their effect on our business, consolidated results of operations or financial condition. 
 Over-The-Counter Derivatives Regulation 
 The Dodd-Frank Act includes a framework of regulation for the OTC derivatives markets, which has largely been implemented. The Dodd-Frank Act provided authority to the CFTC to regulate swaps and the SEC to regulate security-based swaps. Swaps include, among other things, OTC derivatives on interest rates, commodities, broad-based securities indexes, treasury and other exempted securities, and currency. Security-based swaps include, among other things, OTC derivatives on single securities, baskets of securities, narrow-based indexes or loans. The Dodd-Frank Act also granted authority to the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury to exclude physically-settled foreign exchange instruments from regulation as swaps, which the Secretary implemented shortly after adoption of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act authorized the SEC and the CFTC to mandate that specified types of OTC derivatives must be executed in regulated markets and be submitted for clearing to regulated clearinghouses and directed the CFTC and SEC to establish documentation, recordkeeping and registration requirements for swap dealers, major swap participants, security-based swap dealers and major security-based swap participants for swaps, security-based swaps and specified other derivatives that continued to trade on the OTC market. The Dodd-Frank Act also directed the SEC, CFTC, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Reserve Board, the FDIC, the Farm Credit Administration, and the Federal Housing Finance Agency (collectively, the Prudential Regulators ), with respect to the respective entities they regulate, to develop margin rules for OTC derivatives and capital rules for regulated dealers and major participants. The Prudential Regulators completed substantially all of the required regulations by 2017, and the CFTC finalized one of its last remaining rules the capital rules for swap dealers in July 2020. In December 2019 the SEC finalized and adopted the final set of rules related to security-based swaps, and the rules, including registration of dealers in security-based swaps, became effective on or prior to November 1, 2021. Public trade reporting of security-based swaps went into effect in February 2022. In December 2021, the SEC proposed Rule 10B-1 under the Exchange Act to require next day public reporting of security-based swaps that exceed certain specified thresholds. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

As a result of the CFTC regulations, several types of CFTC-regulated swaps are required to be traded on swap execution facilities and cleared through a regulated DCO. Swaps and security-based swaps submitted for clearing are subject to minimum initial and variation margin requirements set by the relevant DCO or security-based swap clearing organization. Both swaps and security-based swaps are subject to transaction-reporting requirements. 
 Under the CFTC s and SEC s regulations, swaps and security-based swaps traded by a non-banking entity are currently subject to variation margin requirements as well as, for most entities, initial margin, as mandated by the CFTC and SEC. Under regulations adopted by the Prudential Regulators, both swaps and security-based swaps traded by banking entities are currently subject to variation margin requirements and, for most entities, initial margin requirements as well. Initial margin requirements imposed by the CFTC, the SEC and the Prudential Regulators are being phased in over a period of time. As a result, initial margin requirements took effect in September 2021 for us. The CFTC regulations require us to post and collect variation margin (comprised of specified liquid instruments and subject to a required haircut) in connection with trading of swaps with CFTC-regulated swap dealers, and the regulations adopted by the Prudential Regulators require us to post and collect variation margin when trading either swaps or security-based swaps with a dealer regulated by the Prudential Regulators. SEC regulations require posting and collection of variation margin by both us and our counterparty but require posting of initial margin only by the entity facing the broker-dealer or security-based swap dealer but not the broker-dealer or security-based swap dealer itself. 
 In addition, regulations adopted by the Prudential Regulators that became effective in 2019 require certain bank-regulated counterparties and certain of their affiliates to include in qualified financial contracts, including many derivatives contracts, repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements, terms that delay or restrict the rights of counterparties, such as us, to terminate such contracts, foreclose upon collateral, exercise other default rights or restrict transfers of affiliate credit enhancements (such as guarantees) in the event that the bank-regulated counterparty and/or its affiliates are subject to certain types of resolution or insolvency proceedings. It is possible that these requirements in the market, could adversely affect our ability to terminate existing derivatives agreements or to realize amounts to be received under such agreements. The Dodd-Frank Act and related federal regulations and foreign derivatives requirements expose us to operational, compliance, execution and other risks, including central counterparty insolvency risk. 
 We use derivatives to mitigate a wide range of risks in connection with our business, including the impact of increased benefit exposures from certain variable annuity products that offer GMxB features. We have always been subject to the risk that our hedging and other management procedures might prove ineffective in reducing the risks to which insurance policies expose us or that unanticipated policyholder behavior or mortality, combined with adverse market events, could produce economic losses beyond the scope of the risk management techniques employed. Any such losses could be increased by higher costs of writing derivatives (including customized derivatives) and the reduced availability of customized derivatives that might result from the enactment and implementation of new regulations. 
 Broker-Dealer Regulation 
 The Dodd-Frank Act authorized the SEC to promulgate rules to provide that the standard of conduct for all broker-dealers, when providing personalized investment advice about securities to retail customers. In response, the SEC adopted Regulation BI, which became effective on June 30, 2020. Regulation BI also requires registered broker dealers and investment advisers to retail customers to file a client relationship summary Form CRS with the SEC and deliver copies of Form CRS to their retail customers. Form CRS provides disclosures from the broker-dealer or investment adviser about the applicable standard of conduct and conflicts of interest. The intent of these rules is to impose on broker-dealers an enhanced duty of care to their customers similar to that which applies to investment advisers under existing law. We have developed systems and processes and put in place policies and procedures to ensure that we are in compliance with Regulation Best Interest. 
 The SEC recently proposed a new Regulation Best Execution, which would supplement existing best execution rules enforced by FINRA and the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board. In conjunction with Regulation Best Execution, the SEC also proposed other rules or rule modifications that, if adopted as proposed, would materially impact broker-dealers operating in the equity markets. These proposals include: (i) the Order Competition Rule, which would require certain retail customer orders to be exposed first to a qualified auction operated by an open competition trading center prior to execution in the over-the-counter market; (ii) amendments to Regulation NMS to adopt, among other things, minimum pricing increments for quoting and trading of listed stocks and reduce exchange access fees; and (iii) amendments to disclosure requirements under Regulation NMS to require monthly publication of order execution quality information in listed equity by certain large broker-dealers and trading platforms in addition to the market centers that are currently required to publish such reports. If adopted, the proposals will likely increase costs for our broker-dealers. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Investment Adviser Regulation 
 Changes to the marketing requirements for registered investment advisers were adopted in December 2020 and became effective in November 2022. The changes amend existing Rule 206(4)-1 under the Investment Advisers Act and incorporate aspects of Investment Advisers Act Rule 206(4)-3, which the SEC simultaneously rescinded in its entirety. The amended rules impose a number of new requirements that will affect marketing of certain advisory products, including, in particular, private funds. We developed systems and processes and put in place policies and procedures to ensure that we are in compliance with the amended rule. The SEC is currently focused on examining compliance efforts with newly amended Rule 206(4)-1. The SEC has also adopted new reporting requirements for registered investment advisers regarding say on pay and more expansive reporting of voting practices by managers for registered funds on Form N-PX. In October 2022, the SEC also proposed a new rule and rule amendments under the Investment Advisers Act that would prohibit registered investment advisers from outsourcing certain services and functions without conducting due diligence and monitoring the proposed service providers. Both the new requirements and the new proposals, if adopted, will create substantially greater compliance requirements and costs for our investment adviser entities. 
 Fiduciary Rules / Best Interest Standards of Conduct 
 We provide certain products and services to employee benefit plans that are subject to ERISA and certain provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). As such, our activities are subject to the restrictions imposed by ERISA and the Code, including the requirement that fiduciaries must perform their duties solely in the interests of plan participants and beneficiaries, and fiduciaries may not cause or permit a covered plan to engage in certain prohibited transactions with persons (parties-in-interest) who have certain relationships with respect to such plans. The applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code are subject to enforcement by the DOL, the IRS and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 In the wake of the March 2018 federal appeals court decision to vacate the 2016 DOL Fiduciary Rule, the DOL announced its intention to issue revised fiduciary investment advice regulations. In December 2020, the DOL finalized a best interest prohibited transaction exemption PTE 2020-02 for investment advice fiduciaries under ERISA and the Code, which is now effective and subject to enforcement. PTE 2020-02 includes the DOL s interpretation of the five-part test under ERISA and the Code for determining fiduciary status that was in effect prior to the 2016 DOL Fiduciary Rule, although the scope of PTE 2020-02 extends to rollover transactions if they constitute investment advice under the five-part test. If fiduciary status is triggered, PTE 2020-02 prescribes a set of impartial conduct standards and disclosure obligations that are intended to be consistent with the SEC s Regulation Best Interest. We have devoted significant time and resources towards coming into compliance with PTE 2020-02. The DOL has noted that it may further amend its fiduciary regulations, including PTE 2020-02 and, possibly, other existing prohibited transaction exemptions in the near future. To date, nothing has been proposed. However, recent press reports have suggested that the Department of Labor soon may move forward with re-drafting a rule defining the term fiduciary . 
 In addition, in January 2020, the NAIC revised the Suitability in Annuity Transactions Model Regulation to apply a best interest of the consumer standard on insurance producers annuity recommendations and to require that insurers supervise such recommendations. Several state regulators have adopted the revised regulation while others are currently considering doing so or instead issuing standalone impartial conduct standards applicable to annuity and, in some cases, life insurance transactions. For example, the NYDFS amended Regulation 187- Suitability and Best Interests in Life Insurance and Annuity Transactions Regulation 187 to add a best interest standard for recommendations regarding the sale of life insurance and annuity products in New York. In April 2021, the Appellate Division of the NYS Supreme Court, Third Department, overturned Regulation 187 for being unconstitutionally vague, although the New York State Court of Appeals reversed this ruling on October 20, 2022. We have developed our compliance framework for Regulation 187 with respect to annuity sales as well as our life insurance business. Meanwhile, state regulators and legislatures in Nevada and Maryland have proposed measures that would make broker-dealers, sales agents, and investment advisers and their representatives subject to a fiduciary duty when providing products and services to customers, including pension plans and IRAs. Massachusetts has adopted such a regulation applying a fiduciary duty standard to broker-dealers and their agents which, although not applying to insurance product (including variable annuity) sales, did require us to make changes to certain policies and procedures to ensure compliance. Beyond the New York and Massachusetts regulations, the likelihood of enactment of any such other standalone state-based regulation is uncertain at this time, but if implemented, these regulations could have adverse effects on our business and consolidated results of operations. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Climate Risks 
 The topic of climate risk has come under increased scrutiny by insurance regulators. In September 2020, the NYDFS announced that it expects New York domestic and foreign authorized insurers to integrate financial risks from climate change into their governance frameworks, risk management processes, and business strategies. On November 15, 2021, the NYDFS issued additional guidance stating that New York domestic insurers, such as Equitable Financial, are expected to manage of financial risks from climate change by taking actions that are proportionate to the nature, scale and complexity of their businesses. For instance, the guidance states that an insurer should incorporate climate risk into its financial risk management (e.g., a company s ORSA should address climate risk) and manage climate risk through its enterprise risk management functions. As of August 15, 2022, New York domestic insurers should have implemented certain corporate governance changes and developed plans to implement the organizational structure changes (e.g., defining roles and responsibilities related to managing climate risk). 
 In addition, the FIO is authorized to monitor the U.S. insurance industry under the Dodd-Frank Act, as discussed above. In furtherance of President Biden s Executive Order on Climate-Related Financial Risk, dated May 20, 2021, the FIO sought public comment on climate-related financial risks in the insurance industry. The FIO is assessing how the insurance sector may mitigate climate risks and help achieve national climate-related goals. 
 In March 2022, the SEC released proposed rule changes on climate-related disclosure. The proposed rule changes would require companies to include certain climate-related disclosures including information about climate-related risks that have had or reasonably likely to have a material impact on their business, results of operations, or financial condition, and certain climate-related financial statement metrics in a note to the audited financial statements. Among other things, the required information about climate-related risks also would include disclosure of a company s greenhouse gas emissions, information about climate-related targets and goals, and if a transition plan, has been adopted as part of climate-related risk management strategy, and requires extensive attestation requirements. If adopted as proposed, the rule changes are expected to result in additional compliance and reporting costs. 
 Finally, on May 25, 2022, the SEC proposed amendments to existing rules that would require registered investment companies and investment advisers to include specific disclosures regarding their environmental, social and governance ESG strategies in prospectuses and shareholder reports and Form ADV. 
 Federal Tax Legislation, Regulation, and Administration 
 Although we cannot predict what legislative, regulatory, or administrative changes may or may not occur with respect to the federal tax law, we nevertheless endeavor to consider the possible ramifications of such changes on the profitability of our business and the attractiveness of our products to consumers. In this regard, we analyze multiple streams of information, including those described below. 
 Transition from LIBOR 
 Global regulators have announced that publication of LIBOR will cease after June 2023. The cessation dates of many of these USD and non-USD LIBOR settings have occurred and publication of the remaining USD LIBOR settings (overnight and one, three, six and 12 month USD LIBOR) will cease after June 2023. The Financial Conduct Authority FCA has proposed that the Intercontinental Exchange ICE Benchmark Administration, the administrator of LIBOR, continue publication of one-, three- and six-month USD LIBOR settings on a synthetic, or non-representative, basis through the end of September 2024. 
 In March 2022, federal legislation was enacted to address, for USD LIBOR settings scheduled to cease being published at the end of June 2023, the transition to alternative reference rates for all U.S. law governed contracts with non-existent or inadequate USD LIBOR fallback provisions. Except with respect to the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR tenors, the federal legislation supersedes all state law addressing the USD LIBOR transition, including legislation enacted in New York in 2021. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board adopted regulations in December 2022 that implements this legislation by identifying benchmark rates based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR that will replace LIBOR in specified financial contracts after June 30, 2023. The regulation authorizes specified determining persons to select a benchmark replacement and substitutes a Federal Reserve Board-specified replacement where a determining person does not select a workable benchmark replacement by at least June 30, 2023. Each Federal Reserve Board-specified replacement specified in the regulation incorporates spread adjustments. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

We have exposure to USD LIBOR through loans, derivatives, investments and financing operations and there are references to LIBOR in certain product prospectuses. We have evaluated our existing credit agreements, portfolio holdings, derivatives and other investments and identified all contracts for which there is not a robust fallback rate specified and have either identified replacement rates, including SOFR, as an adequate fallback for these instruments, have disposed of the instrument or negotiated fallback terms. 
 Enacted Legislation 
 At present, the federal tax laws generally permit certain holders of life insurance and annuity products to defer taxation on the build-up of value within such products (commonly referred to as inside build-up until payments are made to the policyholders or other beneficiaries. From time to time, Congress considers legislation that could enhance or reduce (or eliminate) the benefit of tax deferral on some life insurance and annuity products. The modification or elimination of this tax favored status could also reduce demand for our products. In addition, if the treatment of earnings accrued inside an annuity contract was changed prospectively, and the tax-favored status of existing contracts was grandfathered, holders of existing contracts would be less likely to surrender or rollover their contracts. These changes could reduce our earnings and negatively impact our business. 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act into law which introduces a 15 minimum tax based on financial statement income as well as a 1 excise tax on share buybacks, effective for tax years beginning in 2023. While neither the minimum tax nor the excise tax on share buybacks are currently expected to have a significant impact on the Company, we continue to monitor developments and regulations associated with the Inflation Reduction Act for any potential future impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The SECURE 2.0 Act of 2022 SECURE 2.0 ), signed into law on December 29, 2022, makes significant changes to existing law for retirement plans by building upon provisions in the Setting Every Community Up for Retirement Enhancement Act of 2019. SECURE 2.0 introduces new requirements and considerations for plan sponsors that are intended to expand coverage, increase savings, preserve income, and simplify plan rules and administrative procedures. Among other provisions, SECURE 2.0 directs the DOL to review its current interpretive bulletin regarding ERISA plan sponsors selection of annuity providers for purposes of transferring plan sponsor benefit plan liability to such annuity providers. Such review could result in the DOL s imposition of new or different requirements on plan sponsors or on annuity providers or could make such selection process more difficult for the parties involved. 
 Regulatory and Other Administrative Guidance from the Treasury Department and the IRS 
 Regulatory and other administrative guidance from the Treasury Department and the IRS also could impact the amount of federal tax that we pay. For example, the adoption of principles based approaches for calculating statutory reserves may lead the Treasury Department and the IRS to issue guidance that changes the way that deductible insurance reserves are determined, potentially reducing future tax deductions for us. 
 Privacy and Security of Customer Information and Cybersecurity Regulation 
 We are subject to federal and state laws and regulations that require financial institutions to protect the security, integrity, confidentiality and availability of customer information, and to notify customers about their policies and practices relating to their collection and disclosure of customer information and their practices related to protecting the security of that information. We maintain, and we require our third-party service providers to maintain, security controls designed to ensure the integrity, confidentiality, and availability of our systems and the confidential and sensitive information we maintain and process. We have adopted a privacy policy outlining the Company s procedures and practices relating to the collection, maintenance, disclosure, disposal, and protection of customer information, including personal information. As required by law, subject to certain exceptions, a copy of the privacy policy is mailed to customers on an annual basis. Federal and state laws generally require that we provide notice to affected individuals, law enforcement, regulators and/or potentially others if there is a situation in which customer information is disclosed to and/or accessed or acquired by unauthorized third parties. Federal regulations require financial institutions to implement programs to protect against unauthorized access to this customer information, and to detect, prevent and mitigate identity theft. Federal and state laws and regulations regulate the ability of financial institutions to make telemarketing calls and to send unsolicited e-mail or fax messages to both consumers and customers, and also regulate the permissible uses of certain categories of customer information. 
 The violation of data privacy and data protection laws and regulations or the failure to implement and maintain reasonable and effective cybersecurity programs may result in significant fines, remediation costs, and regulatory enforcement actions. Moreover, a cybersecurity incident that disrupts critical operations and customer services could expose the Company to 
 22 

Table of Contents 

litigation, losses, and reputational damage. As cyber threats continue to evolve, regulators continue to develop new requirements to account for risk exposure, including specific cybersecurity safeguards and program oversight. As such, it may be expected that legislation considered by either the U.S. Congress and/or state legislatures could create additional and/or more burdensome obligations relating to the use and protection of customer information. 
 We are subject to the rules and regulations of the NYDFS, which in 2017 adopted the Cybersecurity Requirements for Financial Services Companies (the NY Cybersecurity Regulation ), a regulation applicable to banking and insurance entities, under its jurisdiction. The NY Cybersecurity regulation requires covered entities to, among other things, assess risks associated with their information systems and establish and maintain a cybersecurity program reasonably designed to protect such systems and consumers private data. We have adopted a cybersecurity policy outlining our policies and procedures for the protection of our information systems and information stored on those systems that comports with the regulation. In July and November 2022, the NYDFS formally proposed amendments to the NY Cybersecurity Regulation which, if adopted, would require new technical reporting, governance and oversight measures be implemented, enhance certain cybersecurity safeguards (e.g., annual audits, vulnerability assessments, and password controls and monitoring), and mandate notifications in the event that a covered entity makes a cyber-ransom payment. The comment period on these proposed amendments ended in January 2023. We cannot predict whether the amendments will be adopted, what form they will take, or what effect they would have on our business or compliance efforts. 
 
 In addition to the NY Cybersecurity Regulation, the NAIC adopted the Insurance Data Security Model Law for entities licensed under the relevant state s insurance laws. The model law requires such entities to establish standards for data security and for the investigation and notification of insurance commissioners of cybersecurity events involving unauthorized access to, or the misuse of, certain nonpublic information. Several states have adopted the model law, although it has not been adopted by New York, we expect additional states to adopt the model law, even though it is not an NAIC accreditation standard, but we cannot predict whether or not, or in what form or when, they will do so. 
 Under the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), California residents enjoy the right to know what information a business has collected from them, the sourcing and sharing of that information, and the right to delete and limit certain uses of that information. CCPA also establishes a private right of action with potentially significant statutory damages, whereby businesses that fail to implement reasonable security measures to protect against breaches of personal information could be liable to affected consumers. Certain data processing which is otherwise regulated, including under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, is excluded from the CCPA; however, this is not an entity-wide exclusion. We expect a significant portion of our business will be excepted from the requirements of the CCPA. The California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which came into effect on January 1, 2023, amends the CCPA to provide California consumers the right to correct personal information, limit certain uses of sensitive data and the sharing of data that does not constitute a sale, and establishes a new agency, the California Privacy Rights Agency, to adopt rules for and enforce the CCPA and CPRA. The CPRA may require additional compliance efforts, such as changes to our policies, procedures and operations. Several other states have adopted, or are considering, similar comprehensive privacy laws or regulations in the near future. To date, several of these state laws (such as those enacted in Colorado, Utah, and Virginia) include entity-wide exemptions for financial institutions that are subject to privacy protections in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act or similar, state-level financial privacy laws. 
 State and federal regulators are increasingly focused on cybersecurity and several have established specific and potentially burdensome requirements. For instance, in October 2021, the Federal Trade Commission announced significant amendments to the Standards for Safeguarding Customer Information Rule (the Safeguards Rule that require financial institutions to implement specific data security measures within their formal information security measures. The effective date for the updated Safeguards Rule is June 9, 2023. Failure to comply with new regulation or requirements may result in enforcement action, fines and/or other operational or reputational harms. Further, in March 2022, the SEC released proposed rules enhancing cybersecurity risks and management disclosures for companies. If enacted, the proposed rules would, among other things, require disclosure of any material cybersecurity incident on its Form 8-K within four business days of determining that the incident it has experienced is material. They would also require periodic disclosures of, among other things, (i) details on the company s cybersecurity policies and procedures, (ii) cybersecurity governance, oversight policies and risk management policies, including the board of directors oversight of cybersecurity risks, (iii) the relevant expertise of members of the board of directors with respect to cybersecurity issues and (iv) details of any cybersecurity incident that was previously disclosed on Form 8-K, as well as any undisclosed incidents that were non-material, but have become material in the aggregate. 
 Environmental Considerations 
 Federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations apply to our ownership and operation of real property. Inherent in owning and operating real property are the risk of environmental liabilities and the costs of any required clean-up. Under the 
 23 

Table of Contents 

laws of certain states, contamination of a property may give rise to a lien on the property to secure recovery of the costs of clean-up, which could adversely affect our mortgage lending business. In some states, this lien may have priority over the lien of an existing mortgage against such property. In addition, in some states and under the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, or CERCLA, we may be liable, in certain circumstances, as an owner or operator, for costs of cleaning-up releases or threatened releases of hazardous substances at a property mortgaged to us. We also risk environmental liability when we foreclose on a property mortgaged to us. However, federal legislation provides for a safe harbor from CERCLA liability for secured lenders, provided that certain requirements are met. Application of various other federal and state environmental laws could also result in the imposition of liability on us for costs associated with environmental hazards. 
 We routinely conduct environmental assessments prior to making a mortgage loan or taking title to real estate, whether through acquisition for investment or through foreclosure on real estate collateralizing mortgages. We cannot provide assurance that unexpected environmental liabilities will not arise. However, based on information currently available to us, we believe that any costs associated with compliance with environmental laws and regulations or any clean-up of properties would not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We regard our intellectual property as valuable assets and protect them against infringement. 

EMPLOYEES 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 4,000 full time employees. 

Part I, Item 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 You should read and consider all of the risks described below, as well as other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Many of these risks are interrelated and could occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of certain of them may in turn cause the emergence or exacerbate the effect of others. Such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact of these risks on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 Risks Relating to Conditions in the Financial Markets and Economy 
 Conditions in the global capital markets and the economy. 
 Our business, results of operations or financial condition are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy. A wide variety of factors continue to impact economic conditions and consumer confidence. These factors include, among others, concerns over resurgences of COVID-19 outbreaks and consumer or government reactions thereto, the potential of a U.S. government default, increased volatility in the capital markets, equity market declines, rising interest rates, inflationary pressures fueling concerns of a potential recession, plateauing or decreasing economic growth, high fuel and energy costs and changes in fiscal or monetary policy. The Russian invasion of the Ukraine and the sanctions and other measures imposed in response to this conflict have significantly increased the level of volatility in the financial markets and have increased the level of economic and political uncertainty. Given our interest rate and equity market exposure in our investment and derivatives portfolios and many of our products, these factors could have a material adverse effect on us. The value of our investments and derivatives portfolios may also be adversely affected by reductions in price transparency, changes in the assumptions or methodology we use to estimate fair value and changes in investor confidence or preferences, which could potentially result in higher realized or unrealized losses. Market volatility may also make it difficult to transact in or to value certain of our securities if trading becomes less frequent. 
 In an economic downturn, the demand for our products and our investment returns could be materially and adversely affected. The profitability of many of our products depends in part on the value of the assets supporting them, which may fluctuate substantially depending on various market conditions. In addition, a change in market conditions could cause a change in consumer sentiment and adversely affect sales and could cause the actual persistency of these products to vary from their 
 24 

Table of Contents 

anticipated persistency and adversely affect profitability. Our policyholders may choose to defer paying insurance premiums or stop paying insurance premiums altogether. In addition, market conditions may adversely affect the availability and cost of reinsurance protections and the availability and performance of hedging instruments. 
 Equity market declines and volatility. 
 Declines or volatility in the equity markets can negatively impact our business, results of operations or financial condition. For example, equity market declines or volatility could decrease the AV of our annuity and variable life contracts, or AUA, which, in turn, would reduce the amount of revenue we derive from fees charged on those account and asset values. Our variable annuity business is particularly sensitive to equity markets, and sustained weakness or stagnation in equity markets could decrease its revenues and earnings. At the same time, for variable annuity contracts that include GMxB features, equity market declines increase the amount of our potential obligations related to such GMxB features and could increase the cost of executing GMxB-related hedges beyond what was anticipated in the pricing of the products being hedged. This could result in an increase in claims and reserves related to those contracts, net of any reinsurance reimbursements or proceeds from our hedging programs. Equity market declines and volatility may also influence policyholder behavior, which may adversely impact the levels of surrenders, withdrawals and amounts of withdrawals of our annuity and variable life contracts or cause policyholders to reallocate a portion of their account balances to more conservative investment options (which may have lower fees), which could negatively impact our future profitability or increase our benefit obligations particularly if they were to remain in such options during an equity market increase. Market volatility can negatively impact the value of equity securities we hold for investment which could in turn reduce our statutory capital. In addition, equity market volatility could reduce demand for variable products relative to fixed products, lead to changes in estimates underlying our calculations of DAC that, in turn, could accelerate our DAC amortization and reduce our current earnings and result in changes to the fair value of our GMIB reinsurance contracts and GMxB liabilities, which could increase the volatility of our earnings. Lastly, periods of high market volatility or adverse conditions could decrease the availability or increase the cost of derivatives. 
 Interest rate fluctuations. 
 Some of our products, and our investment returns, are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations, and changes in interest rates and interest rate benchmarks may adversely affect our investment returns and results of operations, including in the following respects: 
 changes in interest rates may reduce the spread on some of our products between the amounts that we are required to pay under the contracts and the rate of return we are able to earn on our General Account investments supporting the contracts; 
 when interest rates rise rapidly, policy loans and surrenders and withdrawals of annuity contracts and life insurance policies may increase, requiring us to sell investment assets potentially resulting in realized investment losses, or requiring us to accelerate the amortization of DAC, which could reduce our net income; 
 a decline in interest rates accompanied by unexpected prepayments of certain investments may result in reduced investment income and a decline in our profitability. An increase in interest rates accompanied by unexpected extensions of certain lower yielding investments may result in a decline in our profitability; 
 changes in the relationship between long-term and short-term interest rates may adversely affect the profitability of some of our products; 
 changes in interest rates could result in changes to the fair value of our GMIB reinsurance contracts asset, which could increase the volatility of our earnings; 
 changes in interest rates could result in changes to the fair value liability of our variable annuity GMxB business; 
 changes in interest rates may adversely impact our liquidity and increase our costs of financing and hedges; 
 we may not be able to effectively mitigate and we may sometimes choose not to fully mitigate or to increase, the interest rate risk of our assets relative to our liabilities; 
 the delay between the time we make changes in interest rate and other assumptions used for product pricing and the time we are able to reflect such changes in assumptions in products available for sale may negatively impact the long-term profitability of certain products sold during the intervening period; and 
 rising interest rates could cause our statutory interest maintenance reserve to become negative which could impact our capital and liquidity. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the U.S. and global economies. Over the last few years, efforts to prevent the spread of COVID-19 have affected our business directly in a number of ways, including through the temporary closures of many businesses and schools and the institution of social distancing requirements in many states and local communities. As businesses and schools have reopened, many have restricted or limited access. Although pandemic-related restrictions have been lifted in many places, resurgences of COVID-19 in various regions and appearances of new variants of the virus, has resulted, and may continue to result, in their full or partial reinstitution. In addition, although many countries have vaccinated large segments of their population, COVID-19 continues to interrupt business activities and trade in many countries, which has caused a significant impact on the economies and financial markets of many countries including an economic downturn. We expect these impacts to continue for the foreseeable future. While we have implemented risk management and contingency plans with respect to COVID-19, such measures may not adequately protect our business from the full impacts of the pandemic. For additional information about COVID-19, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Macroeconomic and Industry Trends COVID-19 Impact. 
 The extent of COVID-19 s impact on us will depend on future developments that are still highly uncertain, including the severity and duration of future outbreaks, actions taken by governments and other third parties in response to such outbreaks and the availability and efficacy of vaccines against COVID-19 and its variants. 
 Adverse capital and credit market conditions. 
 Volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets may exert downward pressure on the availability of liquidity and credit capacity. We need liquidity to pay our operating expenses (including potential hedging losses), interest expenses and any dividends. Without sufficient liquidity, we could be required to curtail our operations and our business would suffer. While we expect that our future liquidity needs will be satisfied primarily through cash generated by our operations, borrowings from third parties and dividends and distributions from our subsidiaries, it is possible that we will not be able to meet our anticipated short-term and long-term benefit and expense payment obligations. If current resources are insufficient to satisfy our needs, we may access financing sources such as bank debt or the capital markets. These services may not be available during times of stress or may only be available on unfavorable terms. If we are unable to access capital markets to issue new debt, refinance existing debt or sell additional shares as needed, or if we are unable to obtain such financing on acceptable terms, our business could be adversely impacted. Volatility in the capital markets may also consume liquidity as we pay hedge losses and meet collateral requirements related to market movements. We expect these hedging programs to incur losses in certain market scenarios, creating a need to pay cash settlements or post collateral to counterparties. Although our liabilities will also be reduced in these scenarios, this reduction is not immediate, and so in the short term, hedging losses will reduce available liquidity. 
 Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets may limit our ability to raise additional capital to support business growth, or to counter-balance the consequences of losses or increased regulatory reserves and rating agency capital requirements. Ratings agencies may change our credit ratings, and any downgrade is likely to increase our borrowing costs and limit our access to the capital markets and could be detrimental to our business relationships with distribution partners. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, statutory capital or rating agency capital position could be materially and adversely affected by disruptions in the capital and credit markets. 
 In addition, one of the most serious threats facing the U.S. economy is the disagreement over the federal debt limit which, if not addressed in the coming months, could lead to a default on the federal debt, adverse market impact and a recession this year. 
 Risks Relating to Our Operations 
 Failure to protect the confidentiality of customer information or proprietary business information. 
 We and certain of our vendors retain confidential information (including customer transactional data and personal information about our customers, the employees and customers of our customers, and our own employees). The privacy of this information may be compromised, including as a result of an information security breach. We have implemented a formal, risk-based data security program; however failure to implement and maintain effective cybersecurity programs, or any compromise of the security of our information systems, or those of our vendors, or the cloud-based systems we use, through cyber-attacks or for any other reason that results in unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of personally identifiable information or customer information, or the disruption of critical operations and services, could damage our reputation, deter people from purchasing our products, subject us to significant civil and criminal liability and require us to incur significant technical, legal 
 26 

Table of Contents 

and other expenses any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Our operational failures or those of service providers on which we rely. 
 Weaknesses or failures in our internal processes or systems or those of our vendors could lead to disruption of our operations, liability to clients, exposure to disciplinary action or harm to our reputation. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to process large numbers of transactions, many of which are highly complex, across numerous and diverse markets. These transactions generally must comply with client investment guidelines, as well as stringent legal and regulatory standards. If we make a mistake in performing our services that causes financial harm to a client, we have a duty to act promptly to put the client in the position the client would have been in had we not made the error. The occurrence of mistakes, particularly significant ones, can have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 The occurrence of a catastrophe, including natural or man-made disasters. 
 Any catastrophic event, such as pandemic diseases like COVID-19, terrorist attacks, accidents, floods, severe storms or hurricanes or cyber-terrorism, could have a material and adverse effect on our business. We could experience long-term interruptions in our service and the services provided by our significant vendors. Some of our operational systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery and business continuity planning cannot account for all eventualities. Additionally, unanticipated problems with our disaster recovery systems could further impede our ability to conduct business, particularly if those problems affect our computer-based data processing, transmission, storage and retrieval systems and destroy valuable data. We could experience a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition and the operating results of our insurance business due to increased mortality and, in certain cases, morbidity rates and/or its impact on the economy and financial markets. Our workforce may be unable to be physically located at one of our facilities, which could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. A catastrophe may affect our computer-based data processing, transmission, storage and retrieval systems and destroy valuable data. Climate change may increase the frequency and severity of weather-related disasters and pandemics. 
 Our ability to recruit, motivate and retain key employees and experienced and productive financial professionals. 
 Our business depends on our ability to recruit, motivate and retain highly skilled, technical, investment, managerial and executive personnel, and there is no assurance that we will be able to do so. Our financial professionals and our key employees are key factors driving our sales. Intense competition exists among insurers and other financial services companies for financial professionals and key employees. We cannot provide assurances that we will be successful in our respective efforts to recruit, motivate and retain key employees and top financial professionals and the loss of such employees and professionals could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Misconduct by our employees or financial professionals. 
 Misconduct by our employees, financial professionals, agents, intermediaries, representatives of our broker-dealer subsidiaries or employees of our vendors could result in obligations to report such misconduct publicly, regulatory enforcement proceeds and even findings that violations of law were committed by us or our subsidiaries, regulatory sanctions or serious reputational or financial harm. Certain types of violations may result in our inability to act as an investment adviser or broker-dealer or to represent issuers in Regulation D offerings by acting as placement agent, general partner or other roles. We employ controls and procedures designed to monitor employees and financial professionals business decisions and to prevent them from taking excessive or inappropriate risks, including with respect to information security, but employees may take such risks regardless of such controls and procedures. If our employees or financial professionals take excessive or inappropriate risks, those risks could harm our reputation, subject us to significant civil or criminal liability and require us to incur significant technical, legal and other expenses. 
 Potential strategic transactions. 
 We may consider potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions, dispositions, mergers, reinsurance, joint ventures and similar transactions. These transactions may not be effective and could result in decreased earnings and harm to our competitive position. In addition, these transactions, if undertaken, may involve a number of risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges. Any of the above could cause us to fail to realize the benefits anticipated from any such transaction. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Changes in accounting standards. 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, the principles of which are revised from time to time. Accordingly, from time to time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). We may not be able to predict or assess the effects of these new accounting pronouncements or new interpretations of existing accounting pronouncements, and they may have material adverse effects on our business, results of operations or financial condition. For a discussion of accounting pronouncements and their potential impact on our business, including Accounting Standards Update 2018-12, Financial Services - Insurance (Topic 944): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts, see Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Our investment advisory agreements with clients, and our selling and distribution agreements with various financial intermediaries and consultants, are subject to termination or non-renewal on short notice. 
 As part of our variable annuity products, EIMG enters into written investment management agreements (or other arrangements) with mutual funds. Generally, these investment management agreements are terminable without penalty at any time or upon relatively short notice by either party. In addition, the investment management agreements pursuant to which EIMG manages an SEC-registered investment company (a RIC must be renewed and approved by the RIC s boards of directors (including a majority of the independent directors) annually. Consequently, there can be no assurance that the board of directors of each RIC will approve the investment management agreement each year or will not condition its approval on revised terms that may be adverse to us. 
 Similarly, we enter into selling and distribution agreements with various financial intermediaries that are terminable by either party upon notice (generally 60 days) and do not obligate the financial intermediary to sell any specific amount of our products. These intermediaries generally offer their clients investment products that compete with our products. 
 The replacement of LIBOR may affect our cost of capital and net investment income . 
 It is anticipated that LIBOR will be discontinued no later than June 2023. As a result, existing loans, investments and other contracts relying on a LIBOR benchmark will need to designate a replacement rate. In addition, derivatives and other contracts used to hedge those contracts will generally need to be conformed to provide a similar alternative rate to that being hedged. Further, because beginning in January 2022, U.S. banks would no longer extend loans based on LIBOR, new lines of credit we enter into since then have been benchmarked to a new benchmark rate which has typically been the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). SOFR is the average rate at which institutions can borrow U.S. dollars overnight while posting U.S. Treasury bonds as collateral. SOFR is published by the New York Federal Reserve Bank. Given the LIBOR transition, we anticipate a valuation risk around the potential discontinuation event as well as potential risks relating to hedging interest-rate risk. Additionally, the elimination of LIBOR or changes to other reference rates or any other changes or reforms to the determination or supervision of reference rates may adversely affect the amount of interest payable or interest receivable on certain of our investments. These changes may also impact the market liquidity and market value of these investments. Any changes to LIBOR or any alternative rate, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes, could have an adverse effect on the value of investments in our investment portfolio, derivatives we use for hedging, or other indebtedness, securities or commercial contracts. We have inventoried all aspects of our business that utilize a LIBOR benchmark and, for those instruments that currently do not have an appropriate fallback rate, we have now completed the process of either disposing of the instrument or negotiating a fallback rate. There is no assurance that the alternative rates we negotiate will not be materially less favorable than the previous, LIBOR-based rate. 
 Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations regarding ESG matters. 
 There is increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from investors, customers, regulators and other stakeholders on ESG practices and disclosures, including those related to environmental stewardship, climate change, diversity, equity and inclusion, racial justice and workplace conduct. Legislators and regulators have imposed and likely will continue to impose ESG-related legislation, rules and guidance, which may conflict with one another and impose additional costs on us, impede our business opportunities or expose us to new or additional risks. For example, the SEC has proposed new ESG reporting rules, including relating to climate change, which, if adopted as proposed, could result in additional compliance and reporting costs. See Business Regulation Climate Risks. In addition, state attorneys general and other state officials have spoken out against ESG motivated investing by some investment managers and terminated contracts with managers based on their following certain ESG-motivated strategies. Moreover, proxy advisory firms that provide voting recommendations to investors have developed ratings for evaluating companies on their approach to different ESG matters, and unfavorable ratings of our company or our industry may lead to negative investor sentiment and the diversion of investment to other companies or industries. If we 
 28 

Table of Contents 

are unable to meet these standards or expectations, whether established by us or third parties, it could result in adverse publicity, reputational harm, or loss of customer and/or investor confidence, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Risks Relating to Credit, Counterparties and Investments 
 Our counterparties requirements to pledge collateral related to declines in estimated fair value of derivative contracts. 
 We use derivatives and other instruments to help us mitigate various business risks. Our transactions with financial and other institutions generally specify the circumstances under which the parties are required to pledge collateral related to any decline in the market value of the derivatives contracts. If our counterparties fail or refuse to honor their obligations under these contracts, we could face significant losses to the extent collateral agreements do not fully offset our exposures and our hedges of the related risk will be ineffective. Such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Changes in the actual or perceived soundness or condition of other financial institutions and market participants. 
 A default by any financial institution or by a sovereign could lead to additional defaults by other market participants. Such failures could disrupt securities markets or clearance and settlement systems and lead to a chain of defaults, because the commercial and financial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of a financial institution may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. This risk is sometimes referred to as systemic risk and may adversely affect financial intermediaries with which we interact on a daily basis. Systemic risk could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise new funding and on our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, such a failure could impact future product sales as a potential result of reduced confidence in the financial services industry. 
 Losses due to defaults by third parties and affiliates, including outsourcing relationships. 
 We depend on third parties and affiliates that owe us money, securities or other assets to pay or perform under their obligations. Defaults by one or more of these parties could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Moreover, as a result of contractual provisions certain swap dealers require us to add to derivatives documentation and to agreements, we may not be able to exercise default rights or enforce transfer restrictions against certain counterparties which may limit our ability to recover amounts due to us upon a counterparty s default. We rely on various counterparties and other vendors to augment our existing investment, operational, financial and technological capabilities, but the use of a vendor does not diminish our responsibility to ensure that client and regulatory obligations are met. Disruptions in the financial markets and other economic challenges may cause our counterparties and other vendors to experience significant cash flow problems or even render them insolvent, which may expose us to significant costs and impair our ability to conduct business. We are also subject to the risk that our rights against third parties may not be enforceable in all circumstances. The deterioration or perceived deterioration in the credit quality of third parties whose securities or obligations we hold could result in losses or adversely affect our ability to use those securities or obligations for liquidity purposes. 
 Economic downturns, defaults and other events may adversely affect our investments. 
 The occurrence of a major economic downturn, acts of corporate malfeasance, widening credit risk spreads, ratings downgrades or other events that adversely affect the issuers or guarantors of securities we own or the underlying collateral of structured securities we own could cause the estimated fair value of our fixed maturity securities portfolio and corresponding earnings to decline and cause the default rate of the fixed maturity securities in our investment portfolio to increase. We may have to hold more capital to support our securities to maintain our RBC level, should securities we hold suffer a ratings downgrade. Levels of write-downs or impairments are impacted by intent to sell, or our assessment of the likelihood that we will be required to sell, fixed maturity securities, as well as our intent and ability to hold equity securities which have declined in value until recovery. Realized losses or impairments on these securities may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, liquidity or financial condition in, or at the end of, any quarterly or annual period. 
 Some of our investments are relatively illiquid and may be difficult to sell. 
 We hold certain investments that may lack liquidity, such as privately placed fixed maturity securities, mortgage loans, commercial mortgage backed securities and alternative investments. In the past, even some of our very high quality investments experienced reduced liquidity during periods of market volatility or disruption. If we were required to liquidate these investments on short notice or were required to post or return collateral, we may have difficulty doing so and be forced to sell 
 29 

Table of Contents 

them for less than we otherwise would have been able to realize. The reported values of our relatively illiquid types of investments do not necessarily reflect the current market price for the asset. If we were forced to sell certain of our assets in the current market, there can be no assurance that we would be able to sell them for the prices at which we have recorded them and we might be forced to sell them at significantly lower prices, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 
 Defaults on our mortgage loans and volatility in performance. 
 A portion of our investment portfolio consists of mortgage loans on commercial and agricultural real estate. Although we manage credit risk and market valuation risk for our commercial and agricultural real estate assets through geographic, property type and product type diversification and asset allocation, general economic conditions in the commercial and agricultural real estate sectors will continue to influence the performance of these investments. These factors, which are beyond our control, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. An increase in the default rate of our mortgage loan investments or fluctuations in their performance could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. 
 Risks Relating to Reinsurance and Hedging 
 Our reinsurance and hedging programs. 
 We seek to mitigate some risks associated with the GMxB features or minimum crediting rate contained in certain of our products through our hedging and reinsurance programs. However, these programs cannot eliminate all of the risks, and no assurance can be given as to the extent to which such programs will be completely effective in reducing such risks. 
 Reinsurance We use reinsurance to mitigate a portion of the risks that we face, principally in certain of our in-force annuity and life insurance products. Under our reinsurance arrangements, other insurers assume a portion of the obligation to pay claims and related expenses to which we are subject. However, we remain liable as the direct insurer on all risks we reinsure and, therefore, are subject to the risk that our reinsurer is unable or unwilling to pay or reimburse claims at the time demand is made. The inability or unwillingness of a reinsurer to meet its obligations to us, or the inability to collect under our reinsurance treaties for any other reason, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Prolonged or severe adverse mortality or morbidity experience could result in increased reinsurance costs, and ultimately may reduce the availability of reinsurance for future life insurance sales. If, for new sales, we are unable to maintain our current level of reinsurance or purchase new reinsurance protection in amounts that we consider sufficient, we would either have to be willing to accept an increase in our net exposures, revise our pricing to reflect higher reinsurance premiums or limit the amount of new business written on any individual life. If this were to occur, we may be exposed to reduced profitability and cash flow strain or we may not be able to price new business at competitive rates. The premium rates and other fees that we charge are based, in part, on the assumption that reinsurance will be available at a certain cost. If a reinsurer raises the rates that it charges on a block of in-force business, we may not be able to pass the increased costs onto our customers and our profitability will be negatively impacted. Additionally, such a rate increase could result in our recapturing of the business, which may result in a need to maintain additional reserves, reduce reinsurance receivables and expose us to greater risks. 
 Hedging Programs We use a hedging program to mitigate a portion of the unreinsured risks we face in, among other areas, the GMxB features of our variable annuity products and minimum crediting rates on our variable annuity and life products from unfavorable changes in benefit exposures due to movements in the capital markets. In certain cases, however, we may not be able to effectively apply these techniques because the derivatives markets in question may not be of sufficient size or liquidity or there could be an operational error in the application of our hedging strategy or for other reasons. The operation of our hedging programs is based on models involving numerous estimates and assumptions. There can be no assurance that ultimate actual experience will not differ materially from our assumptions, particularly, but not only, during periods of high market volatility, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations or financial condition. For example, in the past, due to, among other things, levels of volatility in the equity and interest rate markets above our assumptions as well as deviations between actual and assumed surrender and withdrawal rates, gains from our hedging programs did not fully offset the economic effect of the increase in the potential net benefits payable under the GMxB features offered in certain of our products. If these circumstances were to re-occur in the future or if, for other reasons, results from our hedging programs in the future do not correlate with the economic effect of changes in benefit exposures to customers, we could experience economic losses which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Additionally, our strategies may result in under or over-hedging our liability exposure, which could result in an increase in our hedging losses and greater volatility in our earnings and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. For further discussion, see Risks Relating to Estimates, Assumptions and Valuations Our risk management policies and procedures. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Our Products, Our Structure and Product Distribution 
 GMxB features within certain of our products. 
 Certain of the variable annuity products we offer and certain in-force variable annuity products we offered historically, and certain variable annuity risks we assumed historically through reinsurance, include GMxB features. We also offer index-linked variable annuities with guarantees against a defined floor on losses. GMxB features are designed to offer protection to policyholders against changes in equity markets and interest rates. Any such periods of significant and sustained negative or low Separate Accounts returns, increased equity volatility or reduced interest rates will result in an increase in the valuation of our liabilities associated with those products. In addition, if the Separate Account assets consisting of fixed income securities, which support the guaranteed index-linked return feature, are insufficient to reflect a period of sustained growth in the equity-index on which the product is based, we may be required to support such Separate Accounts with assets from our General Account and increase our liabilities. An increase in these liabilities would result in a decrease in our net income and depending on the magnitude of any such increase, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, including our capitalization, as well as the financial strength ratings which are necessary to support our product sales. 
 Additionally, we make assumptions regarding policyholder behavior at the time of pricing and in selecting and using the GMxB features inherent within our products. An increase in the valuation of the liability could result to the extent emerging and actual experience deviates from these policyholder option use assumptions. If we update our assumptions based on our actuarial assumption review, we could be required to increase the liabilities we record for future policy benefits and claims to a level that may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition which, in certain circumstances, could impair our solvency. In addition, we have in the past updated our assumptions on policyholder behavior, which has negatively impacted our net income, and there can be no assurance that similar updates will not be required in the future. 
 In addition, hedging instruments may not effectively offset the costs of GMxB features or may otherwise be insufficient in relation to our obligations. Furthermore, we are subject to the risk that changes in policyholder behavior or mortality, combined with adverse market events, could produce economic losses not addressed by our risk management techniques. These factors, individually or collectively, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, including net income, capitalization, financial condition or liquidity. 
 The amount of statutory capital that we have and the amount of statutory capital we must hold to meet our statutory capital requirements and our financial strength and credit ratings can vary significantly. 
 In any particular year, statutory surplus amounts and RBC ratios may increase or decrease depending on a variety of factors. Additionally, state insurance regulators have significant leeway in how to interpret existing regulations, which could further impact the amount of statutory capital or reserves that we must maintain. We are primarily regulated by the NYDFS, which from time to time has taken more stringent positions than other state insurance regulators on matters affecting, among other things, statutory capital or reserves. In certain circumstances, particularly those involving significant market declines, the effect of these more stringent positions may be that our financial condition appears to be worse than competitors who are not subject to the same stringent standards, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Moreover, rating agencies may implement changes to their internal models that have the effect of increasing or decreasing the amount of capital we must hold in order to maintain our current ratings. To the extent that our statutory capital resources are deemed to be insufficient to maintain a particular rating by one or more rating agencies, our financial strength and credit ratings might be downgraded by one or more rating agencies. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current RBC ratio in the future or that our RBC ratio will not fall to a level that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Our failure to meet our RBC requirements or minimum capital and surplus requirements could subject us to further examination or corrective action imposed by insurance regulators, including limitations on our ability to write additional business, supervision by regulators, rehabilitation, or seizure or liquidation. Any corrective action imposed could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. A decline in RBC ratios may limit our ability to pay dividends or distributions, could result in a loss of customers or new business, and could be a factor in causing ratings agencies to downgrade our financial strength ratings, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 A downgrade in our financial strength and claims-paying ratings. 
 Claims-paying and financial strength ratings are important factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. They indicate the rating agencies opinions regarding an insurance company s ability to meet policyholder 
 31 

Table of Contents 

obligations and are important to maintaining public confidence in our products and our competitive position. A downgrade of our ratings or those of Holdings could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition by, among other things, reducing new sales of our products, increasing surrenders and withdrawals from our existing contracts, possibly requiring us to reduce prices or take other actions for many of our products and services to remain competitive, or adversely affecting our ability to obtain reinsurance or obtain reasonable pricing on reinsurance. A downgrade in our ratings may also adversely affect our cost of raising capital or limit our access to capital. 
 Holdings could sell products through another one of its subsidiaries which would result in reduced sales of our products and total revenues . 
 We are an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdings, a diversified financial services organization offering a broad spectrum of financial advisory, insurance and investment management products and services. As part of Holdings ongoing efforts to efficiently manage capital amongst its subsidiaries, improve the quality of the product line-up of its insurance subsidiaries and enhance the overall profitability of its group of companies, Holdings could sell insurance, annuity, investment and/or employee benefit products through another one of its subsidiaries. For example, most sales of life insurance, employee benefit and variable annuity products to policyholders located outside of New York are issued through Equitable America, another life insurance subsidiary of Holdings, instead of Equitable Financial. It is expected that Holdings will continue to issue newly-developed products to policyholders located outside of New York through Equitable America instead of Equitable Financial. This has impacted sales and may continue to reduce sales of our insurance products outside of New York, which will continue to reduce our total revenues. Since future decisions regarding product development and availability depend on factors and considerations not yet known, management is unable to predict the extent to which additional products will be offered through Equitable America or another subsidiary instead of or in addition to Equitable Financial, or the impact to Equitable Financial. 
 A loss of, or significant change in, key product distribution relationships. 
 We distribute certain products under agreements with third-party distributors and other members of the financial services industry that are not affiliated with us. We compete with other financial institutions to attract and retain commercial relationships in each of these channels. An interruption or significant change in certain key relationships could materially and adversely affect our ability to market our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation or financial condition. Distributors may elect to alter, reduce or terminate their distribution relationships with us, including for such reasons as changes in our distribution strategy, adverse developments in our business, adverse rating agency actions or concerns about market-related risks. Alternatively, we may terminate one or more distribution agreements due to, for example, a loss of confidence in, or a change in control of, one of the third-party distributors, which could reduce sales. 
 We are also at risk that key distribution partners may merge or change their business models in ways that affect how our products are sold, either in response to changing business priorities or as a result of shifts in regulatory supervision or potential changes in state and federal laws and regulations regarding standards of conduct applicable to third-party distributors when providing investment advice to retail and other customers. Our key distribution relationships may also be adversely impacted by regulatory changes that increase the costs associated with marketing, or restrict the ability of distribution partners to receive sales and promotion related charges. 
 Risks Relating to Estimates, Assumptions and Valuations 
 Our risk management policies and procedures. 
 Our policies and procedures, including hedging programs, to identify, monitor and manage risks may not be adequate or fully effective. Many of our methods of managing risk and exposures are based upon our use of historical market behavior or statistics based on historical models. As a result, these methods may not predict future exposures, which could be significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. Other risk management methods depend upon the evaluation of information regarding markets, clients, catastrophe occurrence or other matters that is publicly available or otherwise accessible to us, which may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. Management of operational, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures to record and verify large numbers of transactions and events. These policies and procedures may not be fully effective. 
 We employ various strategies to mitigate risks inherent in our business and operations. These risks include current or future changes in the fair value of our assets and liabilities, current or future changes in cash flows, the effect of interest rates, equity markets and credit spread changes, the occurrence of credit defaults and changes in mortality and longevity. We seek to control these risks by, among other things, entering into reinsurance contracts and through our hedging programs. Developing an 
 32 

Table of Contents 

effective strategy for dealing with these risks is complex, and no strategy can completely insulate us from such risks. Our hedging strategies also rely on assumptions and projections that may prove to be incorrect or prove to be inadequate. Moreover, definitions used in our derivatives contracts may differ from those used in the contract being hedged. For example, swap documents typically use SOFR as a fallback to LIBOR whereas corporate or municipal bonds or loans held by us may use different fallback rates. Accordingly, our hedging activities may not have the desired beneficial impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. As U.S. GAAP accounting differs from the methods used to determine regulatory reserves and rating agency capital requirements, our hedging program tends to create earnings volatility in our U.S. GAAP financial statements. Further, the nature, timing, design or execution of our hedging transactions could actually increase our risks and losses. Our hedging strategies and the derivatives that we use, or may use in the future, may not adequately mitigate or offset the hedged risk and our hedging transactions may result in losses, including both losses based on the risk being hedged as well as losses based on the derivative. The terms of the derivatives and other instruments used to hedge the stated risks may not match those of the instruments they are hedging which could cause unpredictability in results. 
 Our reserves could be inadequate and product profitability could decrease due to differences between our actual experience and management s estimates and assumptions. 
 Our reserve requirements for our direct and reinsurance assumed business are calculated based on a number of estimates and assumptions, including estimates and assumptions related to future mortality, morbidity, longevity, persistency, interest rates, future equity performance, reinvestment rates, claims experience and policyholder elections (i.e., the exercise or non-exercise of rights by policyholders under the contracts). The assumptions and estimates used in connection with the reserve estimation process are inherently uncertain and involve the exercise of significant judgment. We review the appropriateness of reserves and the underlying assumptions at least annually and, if necessary, update our assumptions as additional information becomes available. We cannot, however, determine with precision the amounts that we will pay for, or the timing of payment of, actual benefits and claims or whether the assets supporting the policy liabilities will grow to the level assumed prior to payment of benefits or claims. Our claim costs could increase significantly, and our reserves could be inadequate if actual results differ significantly from our estimates and assumptions. If so, we will be required to increase reserves or reduce DAC, which could materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations or financial condition. Future reserve increases in connection with experience updates could be material and adverse to our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Significant deviations in actual experience from our pricing assumptions could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our products. If actual persistency is significantly different from that assumed in our current reserving assumptions, our reserves for future policy benefits may prove to be inadequate. Although some of our variable annuity and life insurance products permit us to increase premiums or adjust other charges and credits during the life of the policy or contract, the adjustments permitted under the terms of the policies or contracts may not be sufficient to maintain profitability. Many of our variable annuity and life insurance products do not permit us to increase premiums or adjust other charges and credits or limit those adjustments during the life of the policy or contract. Even if we are permitted under the contract to increase premiums or adjust other charges and credits, we may not be able to do so due to litigation, point of sale disclosures, regulatory reputation and market risk or due to actions by our competitors. In addition, the development of a secondary market for life insurance could adversely affect the profitability of existing business and our pricing assumptions for new business. 
 We may be required to accelerate the amortization of DAC. 
 DAC represents policy acquisition costs that have been capitalized. Capitalized costs associated with DAC are amortized in proportion to actual and estimated gross profits, gross premiums or gross revenues depending on the type of contract. On an ongoing basis, we test the DAC recorded on our balance sheets to determine if the amount is recoverable under current assumptions. In addition, we regularly review the estimates and assumptions underlying DAC. The projection of estimated gross profits, gross premiums or gross revenues requires the use of certain assumptions, principally related to Separate Accounts fund returns in excess of amounts credited to policyholders, policyholder behavior such as surrender, lapse and annuitization rates, interest margin, expense margin, mortality, future impairments and hedging costs. Estimating future gross profits, gross premiums or gross revenues is a complex process requiring considerable judgment and the forecasting of events well into the future. If these assumptions prove to be inaccurate, if an estimation technique used to estimate future gross profits, gross premiums or gross revenues is changed, or if significant or sustained equity market declines occur or persist, we could be required to accelerate the amortization of DAC, which would result in a charge to earnings. Such adjustments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Our financial models rely on estimates, assumptions and projections. 
 We use models in our hedging programs and many other aspects of our operations including, but not limited to, product development and pricing, capital management, the estimation of actuarial reserves, the amortization of DAC, the fair value of 
 33 

Table of Contents 

the GMIB reinsurance contracts and the valuation of certain other assets and liabilities. These models rely on estimates, assumptions and projections that are inherently uncertain and involve the exercise of significant judgment. Due to the complexity of such models, it is possible that errors in the models could exist and our controls could fail to detect such errors. Failure to detect such errors could materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Subjectivity of the determination of the amount of allowances and impairments taken on our investments. 
 The determination of the amount of allowances and impairments varies by investment type and is based upon our evaluation of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. Management updates its evaluations regularly and reflects changes in allowances and impairments in operations as such evaluations are revised. There can be no assurance that management s judgments, as reflected in our financial statements, will ultimately prove to be an accurate estimate of the actual diminution in realized value. Historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments or allowances. Additional impairments may need to be taken or allowances provided for in the future that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Further, rapidly changing and unprecedented credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities as reported within our financial statements and the period-to-period changes in estimated fair value could vary significantly. Decreases in the estimated fair value of securities we hold may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 We are heavily regulated. 
 We are heavily regulated, and regulators continue to increase their oversight over financial services companies. The adoption of new laws, regulations or standards and changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws, regulations or standards have directly affected, and will continue to affect, our business, including making our efforts to comply more expensive and time-consuming. For additional information on regulatory developments and the risks we face, including the Dodd-Frank Act and regulation by the NAIC, see Business Regulation . 
 Our products are subject to a complex and extensive array of state and federal tax, securities, insurance and employee benefit plan laws and regulations, which are administered and enforced by a number of different governmental and self-regulatory authorities, including, among others, state insurance regulators, state securities administrators, state banking authorities, the SEC, FINRA, the DOL and the IRS. Failure to administer our products in accordance with contract provisions or applicable law, or to meet any of these complex tax, securities or insurance requirements could subject us to administrative penalties imposed by a governmental or self-regulatory authority, unanticipated costs associated with remedying such failure or other claims, litigation, harm to our reputation or interruption of our operations. 
 We are required to file periodic and other reports within certain time periods imposed by U.S. federal securities laws, rules and regulations. Failure to file such reports within the designated time period or failure to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations could require us to curtail or cease sales of certain of our products or delay the launch of new products or new features, which could cause a significant disruption in our business. If our affiliated and third-party distribution platforms are required to curtail or cease sales of our products, we may lose shelf space for our products indefinitely, even once we are able to resume sales. 
 In addition, regulators have proposed, imposed and may continue to impose new requirements or issue new guidance aimed at addressing or mitigating climate change-related risks, and further regulating the industries in which we operate. For example, the SEC recently proposed amendments to Rule 22e-4 under the Investment Company Act, which was itself only recently implemented, that would impose substantial new costs on top of those recently spent by us to comply with the rule. Other SEC proposals relating to registered funds, such as proposed amendments to Rule 22c-1 of the Investment Company Act, would require adoption of swing pricing and a hard close by all open-end funds other than money market funds, which could substantially increase the operating costs associated with our funds and potentially adversely impact the appeal of the products to certain investors. These emerging regulatory initiatives could result in increased compliance cost to our businesses and changes to our corporate governance and risk management practices. 
 Changes in U.S. tax laws and regulations or interpretations thereof. 
 Changes in tax laws and regulations or interpretations of such laws, including U.S. tax reform, could increase our corporate taxes and reduce our earnings. Changes may increase our effective tax rate or have implications that make our products less attractive to consumers. Tax authorities may enact laws, change regulations to increase existing taxes, or add new types of taxes 
 34 

Table of Contents 

and authorities who have not imposed taxes in the past, may impose additional taxes. Any such changes may harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Legal proceedings and regulatory actions. 
 A number of lawsuits and regulatory inquiries have been filed or commenced against us and other financial services companies in the jurisdictions in which we do business. Some of these matters have resulted in the award of substantial fines and judgments, including material amounts of punitive damages, or in substantial settlements. We face a significant risk of, and from time to time we are involved in, such actions and proceedings, including class action lawsuits. The frequency of large damage awards, including large punitive damage awards and regulatory fines that bear little or no relation to actual economic damages incurred, continues to create the potential for an unpredictable judgment in any given matter. In addition, investigations or examinations by federal and state regulators and other governmental and self-regulatory agencies could result in legal proceedings (including securities class actions and stockholder derivative litigation), adverse publicity, sanctions, fines and other costs. A substantial legal liability or a significant federal, state or other regulatory action against us, as well as regulatory inquiries or investigations, may divert management s time and attention, could create adverse publicity and harm our reputation, result in material fines or penalties, result in significant expense, including legal and settlement costs, and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. For information regarding legal proceedings and regulatory actions pending against us, see Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 General Risks 
 Competition from other insurance companies, banks, asset managers and other financial institutions. 
 We face strong competition from others offering the types of products and services we provide. It is difficult to provide unique products because, once such products are made available to the public, they often are reproduced and offered by our competitors. If competitors charge lower fees for similar products or services, we may decide to reduce the fees on our own products or services in order to retain or attract customers. 
 Competition may adversely impact our market share and profitability. Many of our competitors are large and well-established and some have greater market share or breadth of distribution, offer a broader range of products, services or features, assume a greater level of risk, have greater financial resources, have higher claims-paying or credit ratings, have better brand recognition or have more established relationships with clients than we do. We also face competition from new market entrants or non-traditional or online competitors, many of whom are leveraging digital technology that may challenge the position of traditional financial service companies. Due to the competitive nature of the financial services industry, there can be no assurance that we will continue to effectively compete within the industry or that competition will not materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Our information systems may fail or their security may be compromised. 
 Our business is highly dependent upon the effective operation of our information systems and those of our vendors on which our business operations rely. Although we have implemented a formal, risk-based data security and cybersecurity program to mitigate potential risk, our information systems and those of our vendors and service providers may be vulnerable to physical or cyber-attacks, computer viruses and malicious code, or other computer related attacks, programming errors and similar disruptive problems which may not be immediately detected. The failure of these systems could cause significant interruptions to our operations, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition or reputational harm. In addition, a failure of these systems could lead to the possibility of litigation or regulatory investigations or actions, including regulatory actions by state and federal governmental authorities. 
 Protecting our intellectual property. 
 We rely on a combination of contractual rights, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws to establish and protect our intellectual property. Third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property. The loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure or enforce the protection of our intellectual property assets could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to compete. Third parties may have, or may eventually be issued, patents or other protections that could be infringed by our products, methods, processes or services or could limit our ability to offer certain product features. If we were found to have infringed or misappropriated a third-party patent or other intellectual property right, we could in some circumstances be enjoined from providing certain products or services to our customers or from using and benefiting from certain patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or licenses. Alternatively, we could be required to enter into costly licensing arrangements with third parties or implement a costly alternative. Any of these scenarios could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Part I, Item 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 

Part I, Item 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 Equitable Financial s principal executive offices at 1290 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY are occupied pursuant to a lease that extends through 2023. We have entered into a 15-year lease agreement in New York, NY at 1345 Avenue of the Americas that is expected to commence in 2023. Equitable Financial also has the following significant office space leases as follows: in Syracuse, NY, we occupy space under a lease that was scheduled to expire in 2023, but which was amended to extend a portion of the space through 2028; in Jersey City, NJ, we occupy space under a lease that expires in 2023 and will not be extended or replaced, and in Charlotte, NC, we occupy space under a lease that expires in 2028. 

Part I, Item 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For information regarding certain legal proceedings pending against us, see Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. See Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks Legal proceedings and regulatory actions. 

Part I, Item 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. 

Part II, Item 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 General 
 At December 31, 2022, all of Equitable Financial common equity was owned by EFS. Consequently, there is no established public market for Equitable Financial s common stock. 
 Dividends 
 In 2022, 2021 and 2020, Equitable Financial paid 930 million, 0.0 billion and 2.1 billion, respectively, in shareholder dividends. For information on Equitable Financial s present and future ability to pay dividends, see Note 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks. 

Part II, Item 6. 
 RESERVED 

Part II, Item 7. 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following MD A for the Company should be read in conjunction with Forward-looking Statements, Risk Factors, and the consolidated financial statements and related notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The management s narrative that follows represents a discussion and analysis of Equitable Financial s financial condition and results of operations and not the financial condition and results of operations of Holdings. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Executive Summary 
 Overview 
 We are one of America s leading financial services companies, providing advice and solutions for helping Americans set and meet their retirement goals and protect and transfer their wealth across generations. We operate as a single segment entity based on the manner in which we use financial information to evaluate business performance and to determine the allocation of resources. We benefit from our complementary mix of product offerings. This mix in product offerings provides diversity in our earnings sources, which helps offset fluctuations in market conditions and variability in business results, while offering growth opportunities. 
 The Global Atlantic Reinsurance Transaction 
 On October 3, 2022, Equitable Financial completed the transactions (the Global Atlantic Transaction contemplated by the previously announced Master Transaction Agreement, dated August 16, 2022, by and between Equitable Financial and First Allmerica Financial Life Insurance Company, a Massachusetts-domiciled insurance company (the Reinsurer ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Global Atlantic Financial Group. 
 At the closing of the Global Atlantic Transaction, Equitable Financial and the Reinsurer entered into a Coinsurance and Modified Coinsurance Agreement (the EQUI-VEST Reinsurance Agreement ), pursuant to which Equitable Financial ceded to the Reinsurer, on a combined coinsurance and modified coinsurance basis, a 50 quota share of approximately 360,000 legacy Group EQUI-VEST deferred variable annuity contracts issued by Equitable Financial between 1980 and 2008, which predominately included Equitable Financial s highest guaranteed general account crediting rates of 3 , supported by general account assets of approximately 4 billion and 5 billion of separate account value (the Reinsured Contracts ). At the closing of the Global Atlantic Transaction, Reinsurer deposited assets supporting the general account liabilities relating to the Reinsured Contracts into a trust account for the benefit of Equitable Financial, which assets will secure its obligations to Equitable Financial under the EQUI-VEST Reinsurance Agreement. Commonwealth Annuity and Life Insurance Company, an insurance company domiciled in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and affiliate of Reinsurer Commonwealth ), provided a guarantee of Reinsurer s payment obligation to Equitable Financial under the EQUI-VEST Reinsurance Agreement. 
 Macroeconomic and Industry Trends 
 Our business and consolidated results of operations are significantly affected by economic conditions and consumer confidence, conditions in the global capital markets and the interest rate environment. 
 Financial and Economic Environment 
 A wide variety of factors continue to impact financial and economic conditions. These factors include, among others, concerns over resurgences of COVID-19, increased volatility in the capital markets, equity market declines, rising interest rates, inflationary pressures fueling concerns of a potential recession, plateauing or decreasing economic growth, high fuel and energy costs, changes in fiscal or monetary policy and geopolitical tensions. The invasion of the Ukraine by Russia and the sanctions and other measures imposed in response to this conflict significantly increased the level of volatility in the financial markets and have increased the level of economic and political uncertainty. 
 Stressed conditions, volatility and disruptions in the capital markets, particular markets, or financial asset classes can have an adverse effect on us, in part because we have a large investment portfolio. In addition, our insurance liabilities and derivatives are sensitive to changing market factors, including equity market performance and interest rates which are anticipated to continue to rise in 2023 based on statements of members of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. An increase in market volatility could continue to affect our business, including through effects on the yields we earn on invested assets, changes in required reserves and capital and fluctuations in the value of our AUM and AV, from which we derive our fee income. These effects could be exacerbated by uncertainty about future fiscal policy, changes in tax policy, the scope of potential deregulation and levels of global trade. 
 The potential for increased volatility could pressure sales and reduce demand for our products as consumers consider purchasing alternative products to meet their objectives. In addition, this environment could make it difficult to consistently develop products that are attractive to customers. Financial performance can be adversely affected by market volatility and equity market declines as fees driven by AV and AUM fluctuate, hedging costs increase and revenues decline due to reduced sales and increased outflows. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

We monitor the behavior of our customers and other factors, including mortality rates, morbidity rates, annuitization rates and lapse and surrender rates, which change in response to changes in capital market conditions, to ensure that our products and solutions remain attractive and profitable. For additional information on our sensitivity to interest rates and capital market prices, see Risk Factors-Risks Relating to Conditions in the Financial Markets and Economy and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . 
 COVID-19 Impact 
 The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and we continue to closely monitor developments and the impact on our business, operations and investment portfolio. Although COVID-19 restrictions, including temporary business and school closures have been lifted in many places, resurgences of COVID-19 in various regions and appearances of new variants of the virus, has resulted, and may continue to result, in their full or partial reinstitution. In addition, although many countries have vaccinated large segments of their population, COVID-19 continues to interrupt business activities and trade in many countries, which has caused a significant impact on the economies and financial markets of many countries including an economic downturn. We expect these impacts to continue for the foreseeable future, which could adversely affect demand for our products and services and our investment returns. Indeed, the profitability of many of our retirement, protection and investment products depends in part on the value of the AUM supporting them, which could decline substantially depending on factors such as the volatility and strength of equity markets, interest rates, consumer spending, and government debt and spending. 
 In response to the various pandemic related restrictions over the last few years we have adapted our processes to meet client needs. For example, we offer our modified underwriting policies with a fluid-less, touchless process to help more clients access the protection they need. In addition, we accelerated our digital adoption programs, leading to improved outcomes for clients, advisors, and the Company. We further developed digital tools and enhanced our remote engagement, which is resulting in improved retention and increases in retirement plan contributions. As businesses and the economy continue to return to pre-pandemic activity levels, we believe we can continue to leverage our digital enhancements to continue to grow our business, even as we return to in-person engagement and sales. 
 While COVID-19 significantly affected the capital markets and economy, we believe we have taken the appropriate actions to help assure that our economic balance sheet is protected from equity declines. These actions include redesigning our product portfolio to concentrate on offering less capital-intensive products and implementing a hedging strategy that manages and protects against the economic risks associated with our in-force GMxB products. In addition to our hedging strategy, we employ various other methods to manage the risks of our in-force variable annuity products, including reinsurance, asset-liability matching, volatility management tools within the Separate Accounts and an active in-force management program, including buyout offers for certain products. Due to the General Account s exposure to U.S. government bonds and credit quality of the portfolio, we feel that our balance sheet is well positioned to withstand the extreme volatility in the capital markets. 
 The extent and nature of COVID-19 s full negative financial impact on our business cannot reasonably be estimated at this time due to developments that are still highly uncertain, including the severity and duration of future outbreaks, actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to such outbreaks and the availability and efficacy of vaccines against COVID-19 and its variants. For additional information regarding the potential impacts of COVID-19, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Conditions in the Financial Markets and Economy The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations General Account Investment Portfolio. 
 Regulatory Developments 
 We are regulated primarily by the NYDFS, with some policies and products also subject to federal regulation. On an ongoing basis, regulators refine capital requirements and introduce new reserving standards. Regulations recently adopted or currently under review can potentially impact our statutory reserve, capital requirements and profitability of the industry and result in increased regulation and oversight for the industry. For additional information on the regulatory developments and risk we face, see Business Regulation and Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risks. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Revenues 
 Our revenues come from three principal sources: 
 fee income derived from our products; 
 premiums from our traditional life insurance and annuity products; and 
 investment income from our General Account investment portfolio. 
 Our fee income varies directly in relation to the amount of the underlying AV or benefit base of our life insurance and annuity products which are influenced by changes in economic conditions, primarily equity market returns, as well as net flows. Our premium income is driven by the growth in new policies written and the persistency of our in-force policies, both of which are influenced by a combination of factors, including our efforts to attract and retain customers and market conditions that influence demand for our products. Our investment income is driven by the yield on our General Account investment portfolio and is impacted by the prevailing level of interest rates as we reinvest cash associated with maturing investments and net flows to the portfolio. 
 Benefits and Other Deductions 
 Our primary expenses are: 
 policyholders benefits and interest credited to policyholders account balances; 
 sales commissions and compensation paid to intermediaries and advisors that distribute our products and services; and 
 compensation and benefits provided to our employees and other operating expenses. 
 Policyholders benefits are driven primarily by mortality, customer withdrawals and benefits which change in response to changes in capital market conditions. In addition, some of our policyholders benefits are directly tied to the AV and benefit base of our variable annuity products. Interest credited to policyholders varies in relation to the amount of the underlying AV or benefit base. Sales commissions and compensation paid to intermediaries and advisors vary in relation to premium and fee income generated from these sources, whereas compensation and benefits to our employees are more constant and impacted by market wages and decline with increases in efficiency. Our ability to manage these expenses across various economic cycles and products is critical to the profitability of our company. 
 Net Income Volatility 
 We have offered and continue to offer variable annuity products with GMxB features. The future claims exposure on these features is sensitive to movements in the equity markets and interest rates. Accordingly, we have implemented hedging and reinsurance programs designed to mitigate the economic exposure to us from these features due to equity market and interest rate movements. Changes in the values of the derivatives associated with these programs due to equity market and interest rate movements are recognized in the periods in which they occur while corresponding changes in offsetting liabilities not measured at fair value, are recognized over time. This results in net income volatility as further described below. See Significant Factors Impacting Our Results Impact of Hedging and GMxB Reinsurance on Results. 
 In addition to our dynamic hedging strategy, we have static hedge positions designed to mitigate the adverse impact of changing market conditions on our statutory capital. We believe this program will continue to preserve the economic value of our variable annuity contracts and better protect our target variable annuity asset level. However, these static hedge positions increase the size of our derivative positions and may result in higher net income volatility on a period-over-period basis. 
 An additional source of net income (loss) volatility is the impact of the Company s annual actuarial assumption review. See Significant Factors Impacting Our Results Effect of Assumption Updates on Operating Results , for further detail of the impact of assumption updates on net income (loss). 
 
 Significant Factors Impacting Our Results 
 The following significant factors have impacted, and may in the future impact, our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Impact of Hedging and GMxB Reinsurance on Results 
 We have offered and continue to offer variable annuity products with GMxB features. The future claims exposure on these features is sensitive to movements in the equity markets and interest rates. Accordingly, we have implemented hedging and reinsurance programs designed to mitigate the economic exposure to us from these features due to equity market and interest rate movements. These programs include: 
 Variable annuity hedging programs . We use a dynamic hedging program (within this program, generally, we reevaluate our economic exposure at least daily and rebalance our hedge positions accordingly) to mitigate certain risks associated with the GMxB features that are embedded in our liabilities for our variable annuity products. This program utilizes various derivative instruments that are managed in an effort to reduce the economic impact of unfavorable changes in GMxB features exposures attributable to movements in the equity markets and interest rates. Although this program is designed to provide a measure of economic protection against the impact of adverse market conditions, it does not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. Accordingly, changes in value of the derivatives will be recognized in the period in which they occur with offsetting changes in reserves partially recognized in the current period, resulting in net income volatility. In addition to our dynamic hedging program, we have a hedging program using static hedge positions (derivative positions intended to be held-to-maturity with less frequent re-balancing) to protect our statutory capital against stress scenarios. This program in addition to our dynamic hedge program has increased the size of our derivative positions, resulting in an increase in net income volatility. 
 GMxB reinsurance contracts. Historically, GMIB reinsurance contracts were used to cede to affiliated and non-affiliated reinsurers a portion of our exposure to variable annuity products that offer a GMIB feature. We account for the GMIB reinsurance contracts as derivatives and report them at fair value. Gross GMIB reserves are calculated on the basis of assumptions related to projected benefits and related contract charges over the lives of the contracts. Accordingly, our gross reserves will not immediately reflect the offsetting impact on future claims exposure resulting from the same capital market or interest rate fluctuations that cause gains or losses on the fair value of the GMIB reinsurance contracts. Because changes in the fair value of the GMIB reinsurance contracts are recorded in the period in which they occur and a majority of the changes in gross reserves for GMIB are recognized over time, net income will be more volatile. In addition, on June 1, 2021, we ceded the Block, comprised of non-New York Accumulator policies containing fixed rate GMIB and/or GMDB guarantees. As this contract provides full risk transfer and thus has the same risk attributes as the underlying direct contracts, the benefits of this treaty are accounted for in the same manner as the underlying gross reserves. 
 Effect of Assumption Updates on Operating Results 
 Our actuaries oversee the valuation of the product liabilities and assets and review the underlying inputs and assumptions. We comprehensively review the actuarial assumptions underlying these valuations and update assumptions during the third quarter of each year. Assumptions are based on a combination of Company experience, industry experience, management actions and expert judgment and reflect our best estimate as of the date of the applicable financial statements. Changes in assumptions can result in a significant change to the carrying value of product liabilities and assets and, consequently, the impact could be material to earnings in the period of the change. 
 Most of the variable annuity products, variable universal life insurance and universal life insurance products we offer maintain policyholder deposits that are reported as liabilities and classified within either Separate Accounts liabilities or policyholder account balances. Our products and riders also impact liabilities for future policyholder benefits and unearned revenues and assets for DAC and DSI. The valuation of these assets and liabilities (other than deposits) is based on differing accounting methods depending on the product, each of which requires numerous assumptions and considerable judgment. The accounting guidance applied in the valuation of these assets and liabilities includes, but is not limited to, the following: (i) traditional life insurance products for which assumptions are locked in at inception; (ii) universal life insurance and variable life insurance secondary guarantees for which benefit liabilities are determined by estimating the expected value of death benefits payable when the account balance is projected to be zero and recognizing those benefits ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments; (iii) certain product guarantees for which benefit liabilities are accrued over the life of the contract in proportion to actual and future expected policy assessments; and (iv) certain product guarantees reported as embedded derivatives at fair value. 
 For further details of our accounting policies and related judgments pertaining to assumption updates, see Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates Liability for Future Policy Benefits. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Assumption Updates and Model Changes 
 We conduct our annual review of our assumptions and models during the third quarter of each year. We also update our assumptions as needed in the event we become aware of economic conditions or events that could require a change in assumptions that we believe may have a significant impact to the carrying value of product liabilities and assets and consequently materially impact our earnings in the period of the change. 
 Impact of Assumption Updates and Model Changes on Income from Continuing Operations before income taxes and Net income (loss) 
 The table below presents the impact of our actuarial assumption update during 2022 and 2021 to our income (loss) from continuing operations, before income taxes and net income (loss). 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) 
 Impact of assumption update on Net income (loss): Variable annuity product features related assumption update 156 (146) All other assumption updates (17) (16) Impact of assumption updates on Income (loss) from continuing operations, before income tax 139 (162) Income tax (expense) benefit on assumption update (29) 34 Net income (loss) impact of assumption update 110 (128) 
 
 2022 Assumption Updates 
 The impact of the economic assumption update during 2022 was an increase of 139 million to income (loss) from continuing operations, before income taxes and an increase to net income (loss) of 110 million. 
 The net impact of this assumption update on income (loss) from continuing operations, before income taxes of 139 million consisted of a decrease in policy charges and fee income of 17 million, a decrease in policyholders benefits of 235 million, an increase in interest credited to policyholder account balances of 1 million, an increase in net derivative losses of 85 million and a decrease in the amortization of DAC of 7 million. 
 2021 Assumption Updates 
 The impact of the economic assumption update during 2021 was a decrease of 162 million to income (loss) from continuing operations, before income taxes and a decrease to net income (loss) of 128 million. As part of this annual update, the reference interest rate utilized in our U.S. GAAP fair value calculations was updated from the LIBOR swap curve to the US Treasury curve due to the impending cessation of LIBOR and our U.S. GAAP fair value liability risk margins were increased, resulting in little impact to overall valuation as our view regarding market participant pricing of our guarantees has not changed at this time. 
 The net impact of this assumption update on income (loss) from continuing operations, before income taxes of 162 million consisted of a decrease in policy charges and fee income of 32 million, a decrease in policyholders benefits of 100 million, a decrease in net derivative gains of 249 million and a decrease in the amortization of DAC of 19 million. 
 Model Changes 
 There were no material model changes during 2022 and 2021. 

Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Our consolidated results of operations are significantly affected by conditions in the capital markets and the economy because we offer market sensitive products. These products have been a significant driver of our results of operations. Because the future claims exposure on these products is sensitive to movements in the equity markets and interest rates, we have in place 
 41 

Table of Contents 

various hedging and reinsurance programs that are designed to mitigate the economic risk of movements in the equity markets and interest rates. The volatility in net income attributable to Equitable Financial for the periods presented below results from the mismatch between: (i) the change in carrying value of the reserves for GMDB and certain GMIB features that do not fully and immediately reflect the impact of equity and interest market fluctuations; (ii) the change in fair value of products with the GMIB feature that have a no-lapse guarantee; and (iii) our hedging and reinsurance programs. 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated statements of income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Consolidated Statement of Income (Loss) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) REVENUES Policy charges and fee income 2,941 3,391 Premiums 725 750 Net derivative gains (losses) 1,508 (4,685) Net investment income (loss) 3,077 3,483 Investment gains (losses), net: Credit losses on AFS debt securities and loans (319) 2 Other investment gains (losses), net (643) 851 Total investment gains (losses), net (962) 853 Investment management and service fees 706 1,004 Other income 131 93 Total revenues 8,126 4,889 BENEFITS AND OTHER DEDUCTIONS Policyholders benefits 2,935 2,982 Interest credited to policyholders account balances 1,311 1,128 Compensation and benefits 202 328 Commissions 703 700 Interest expense 6 1 Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 466 456 Other operating costs and expenses 1,041 1,164 Total benefits and other deductions 6,664 6,759 Income (loss) from continuing operations, before income taxes 1,462 (1,870) Income tax (expense) benefit (279) 474 Net income (loss) 1,183 (1,396) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interest (3) Net income (loss) attributable to Equitable Financial 1,186 (1,396) 
 
 The following discussion compares the results for the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Equitable Financial 
 Equitable Financial Net income of 1.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 2.6 billion from a Net loss of 1.4 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by the following notable items: 
 Favorable items included: 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Net derivative gains increased by 6.2 billion from a 4.7 billion loss in the prior year mainly due to reduced interest rate derivative positions and equity market depreciation during 2022 as compared to equity market appreciation in 2021. 
 Compensation, benefits and other operating expenses decreased by 249 million mainly due to lower fund expenses as a result of lower average assets due to the Venerable Transaction, lower separation expenses, lower legal reserve accruals, reduced compensation benefits and continued improvement from our efficiency program partially offset by unfavorable COLI impacts related to 2022 equity market depreciation and higher consulting expenses. 
 Policyholders benefits decreased by 47 million mainly due to more favorable assumption updates during 2022 and impact of the Venerable Transaction on GMxB reserve accrual partially offset by equity market depreciation during 2022 compared to equity market appreciation during 2021 (offset in Net Derivative gains) and higher claims in our Individual Variable Annuity products. 
 These were partially offset by the following unfavorable items: 
 Net investment gains (losses) decreased by 1.8 billion primarily due to rebalancing in the General Account portfolio associated with the Venerable Transaction in 2021, the Global Atlantic Transaction in 2022 and the duration program during 2022. 
 Fee-type revenue decreased by 735 million mainly due to lower fees primarily from our Individual Annuity products as a result of lower average Separate Accounts AV due to lower equity markets and the impact of AV ceded to Venerable. 
 Net investment income decreased by 406 million mainly driven by lower alternative investment income, lower assets due to the Venerable Transaction and the Global Atlanti c Transaction, and lower income from seed capital investments partiall y offset by higher income from floating rate securities, higher SCS asset balances and GA optimization. 
 Interest credited to policyholders account balances increased by 183 million mainly due to an increase in interest rates and average outstanding amounts of funding agreements and growth of SCS AV during 2022. 
 Income tax expense increased by 753 million primarily due to pre-tax income in the year ended 2022 compared to a pre-tax loss in the year ended 2021. 
 See Significant Factors Impacting Our Results Assumption Updates for more information regarding the assumption update. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Material Cash Requirements 
 The table below summarizes the material short and long-term cash requirements related to contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022. Short-term cash requirements are considered to requirements within the next 12 months and long-term cash requirements are considered to be beyond the next 12 months. We do not believe that our cash flow requirements can be adequately assessed based solely upon an analysis of these obligations, as the table below does not contemplate all aspects of our cash inflows, such as the level of cash flow generated by certain of our investments, nor all aspects of our cash outflows. 
 Estimated Payments Due by Period 
 Total 
 2023 2024-2025 2026-2027 2028 and thereafter (in millions) Material Cash Requirements: Policyholders liabilities (1) 100,157 2,670 6,581 7,398 83,508 FHLB Funding Agreements 8,501 6,130 1,049 630 692 Interest on FHLB Funding Agreements 346 113 109 52 72 Funding Agreement Backed Notes 7,159 2,900 2,100 2,159 Interest on Funding Agreement Backed Notes 366 94 170 76 26 Total Material Cash Requirements 116,529 9,007 10,809 10,256 86,457 
 _______________ 
 (1) Policyholders liabilities represent estimated cash flows out of the General Account related to the payment of death and disability claims, policy surrenders and withdrawals, annuity payments, minimum guarantees on Separate Account funded contracts, matured endowments, benefits under accident and health contracts, policyholder dividends and future renewal premium-based and fund-based commissions offset by contractual future premiums and deposits on in-force contracts. These estimated cash flows are based on mortality, morbidity and lapse assumptions comparable with the Company s experience and assume market growth and interest crediting consistent with actuarial assumptions. These amounts are undiscounted and, therefore, exceed the policyholders account balances and future policy benefits and other policyholder liabilities included in the consolidated balance sheet included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. They do not reflect projected recoveries from reinsurance agreements. Due to the use of assumptions, actual cash flows will differ from these estimates, see Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates Liability for Future Policy Benefits. Separate Accounts liabilities have been excluded as they are legally insulated from General Account obligations and will be funded by cash flows from Separate Accounts assets. 
 Unrecognized tax benefits of 295 million, were not included in the above table because it is not possible to make reasonably reliable estimates of the occurrence or timing of cash settlements with the respective taxing authorities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were not a party to any off-balance sheet transactions other than those guarantees and commitments described in Note 10 and Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to adopt accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. For a discussion of our significant accounting policies, see Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The most critical estimates include those used in determining: 
 liabilities for future policy benefits; 
 accounting for reinsurance; 
 capitalization and amortization of DAC; 
 estimated fair values of investments in the absence of quoted market values and investment impairments; 
 estimated fair values of freestanding derivatives and the recognition and estimated fair value of embedded derivatives requiring bifurcation; 
 measurement of income taxes and the valuation of deferred tax assets; and 
 liabilities for litigation and regulatory matters. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

In applying our accounting policies, we make subjective and complex judgments that frequently require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. Many of these policies, estimates and related judgments are common in the insurance and financial services industries while others are specific to our business and operations. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 Liability for Future Policy Benefits 
 We establish reserves for future policy benefits to, or on behalf of, policyholders in the same period in which the policy is issued or acquired, using methodologies prescribed by U.S. GAAP. The assumptions used in establishing reserves are generally based on our experience, industry experience or other factors, as applicable. At least annually we review our actuarial assumptions, such as mortality, morbidity, retirement and policyholder behavior assumptions, and update assumptions when appropriate. Generally, we do not expect trends to change significantly in the short-term and, to the extent these trends may change, we expect such changes to be gradual over the long-term. 
 The reserving methodologies used include the following: 
 UL and investment-type contract policyholder account balances are equal to the policy AV. The policy AV represent an accumulation of gross premium payments plus credited interest less expense and mortality charges and withdrawals. 
 Participating traditional life insurance future policy benefit liabilities are calculated using a net level premium method on the basis of actuarial assumptions equal to guaranteed mortality and dividend fund interest rates. 
 Non-participating traditional life insurance future policy benefit liabilities are estimated using a net level premium method on the basis of actuarial assumptions as to mortality, persistency and interest. 
 
 For most long-duration contracts, we utilize best estimate assumptions as of the date the policy is issued or acquired with provisions for the risk of adverse deviation, as appropriate. After the liabilities are initially established, we perform premium deficiency tests using best estimate assumptions as of the testing date without provisions for adverse deviation. If the liabilities determined based on these best estimate assumptions are greater than the net reserves (i.e., U.S. GAAP reserves net of any DAC or DSI), the existing net reserves are adjusted by first reducing these assets by the amount of the deficiency or to zero through a charge to current period earnings. If the deficiency is more than these asset balances for insurance contracts, we then increase the net reserves by the excess, again through a charge to current period earnings. If a premium deficiency is recognized, the assumptions as of the premium deficiency test date are locked in and used in subsequent valuations and the net reserves continue to be subject to premium deficiency testing. 
 For certain reserves, such as those related to GMDB and GMIB features, we use current best estimate assumptions in establishing reserves. The reserves are subject to adjustments based on periodic reviews of assumptions and quarterly adjustments for experience, including market performance, and the reserves may be adjusted through a benefit or charge to current period earnings. 
 For certain GMxB features, the benefits are accounted for as embedded derivatives, with fair values calculated as the present value of expected future benefit payments to contract holders less the present value of assessed rider fees attributable to the embedded derivative feature. Under U.S. GAAP, the fair values of these benefit features are based on assumptions a market participant would use in valuing these embedded derivatives. Changes in the fair value of the embedded derivatives are recorded quarterly through a benefit or charge to current period earnings. 
 The assumptions used in establishing reserves are generally based on our experience, industry experience and/or other factors, as applicable. We typically update our actuarial assumptions, such as mortality, morbidity, retirement and policyholder behavior assumptions, annually, unless a material change is observed in an interim period that we feel is indicative of a long-term trend. Generally, we do not expect trends to change significantly in the short-term and, to the extent these trends may change, we expect such changes to be gradual over the long-term. In a sustained low interest rate environment, there is an increased likelihood that the reserves determined based on best estimate assumptions may be greater than the net liabilities. 
 See Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our accounting policy relating to GMxB features and liability for future policy benefits and Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for future policyholder benefit liabilities. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Sensitivity of Future Rate of Return Assumptions on GMDB/GMIB Reserves 
 The Separate Account future rate of return assumptions that are used in establishing reserves for GMxB features are set using a long-term-view of expected average market returns by applying a reversion to the mean approach, consistent with that used for DAC amortization. For additional information regarding the future expected rate of return assumptions and the reversion to the mean approach, see, DAC . 
 The GMDB/GMIB reserve balance before reinsurance ceded was 10.9 billion as of December 31, 2022. The following table provides the sensitivity of the reserves GMxB features related to variable annuity contracts relative to the future rate of return assumptions by quantifying the adjustments to these reserves that would be required assuming both a 1 increase and decrease in the future rate of return. This sensitivity considers only the direct effect of changes in the future rate of return on operating results due to the change in the reserve balance before reinsurance ceded and not changes in any other assumptions such as persistency, mortality, or expenses included in the evaluation of the reserves, or any changes on DAC or other balances including hedging derivatives and the GMIB reinsurance asset. 
 GMDB/GMIB Reserves 
 Sensitivity - Rate of Return 
 December 31, 2022 
 Increase/(Decrease) in GMDB/GMIB Reserves (in millions) 
 1 decrease in future rate of return 1,547 1 increase in future rate of return (1,583) 
 Traditional Annuities 
 The reserves for future policy benefits for annuities include group pension and payout annuities, and, during the accumulation period, are equal to accumulated policyholders fund balances and, after annuitization, are equal to the present value of expected future payments based on assumptions as to mortality, retirement, maintenance expense, and interest rates. Interest rates used in establishing such liabilities range from 1.5 to 5.4 (weighted average of 3.6 ). If reserves determined based on these assumptions are greater than the existing reserves, the existing reserves are adjusted to the greater amount. 
 Health 
 Individual health benefit liabilities for active lives are estimated using the net level premium method and assumptions as to future morbidity, withdrawals and interest. Benefit liabilities for disabled lives are estimated using the present value of benefits method and experience assumptions as to claim terminations, expenses and interest. 
 Reinsurance 
 Accounting for reinsurance requires extensive use of assumptions and estimates, particularly related to the future performance of the underlying business and the potential impact of counterparty credit risk with respect to reinsurance receivables. We periodically review actual and anticipated experience compared to the aforementioned assumptions used to establish assets and liabilities relating to ceded and assumed reinsurance and evaluate the financial strength of counterparties to our reinsurance agreements using criteria similar to those evaluated in our security impairment process. See Estimated Fair Value of Investments. Additionally, for each of our reinsurance agreements, we determine whether the agreement provides indemnification against loss or liability relating to insurance risk, in accordance with applicable accounting standards. We review all contractual features, including those that may limit the amount of insurance risk to which the reinsurer is subject or features that delay the timely reimbursement of claims. If we determine that a reinsurance agreement does not expose the reinsurer to a reasonable possibility of a significant loss from insurance risk, we record the agreement using the deposit method of accounting. 
 For reinsurance contracts other than those covering GMIB exposure, reinsurance recoverable balances are calculated using methodologies and assumptions that are consistent with those used to calculate the direct liabilities. GMIB reinsurance contracts are used to cede affiliated and non-affiliated reinsurers a portion of the exposure on variable annuity products that offer the GMIB feature. The GMIB reinsurance contracts are accounted for as derivatives and are reported at fair value. Gross reserves for GMIB, on the other hand, are calculated on the basis of assumptions related to projected benefits and related contract charges over the lives of the contracts, therefore, will not immediately reflect the offsetting impact on future claims exposure 
 46 

Table of Contents 

resulting from the same capital market and/or interest rate fluctuations that cause gains or losses on the fair value of the GMIB reinsurance contracts. 
 See Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our reinsurance. 
 DAC 
 We incur significant costs in connection with acquiring new and renewal insurance business. Costs that relate directly to the successful acquisition or renewal of insurance contracts are deferred as DAC. In addition to commissions, certain direct-response advertising expenses and other direct costs, other deferrable costs include the portion of an employee s total compensation and benefits related to time spent selling, underwriting or processing the issuance of new and renewal insurance business only with respect to actual policies acquired or renewed. We utilize various techniques to estimate the portion of an employee s time spent on qualifying acquisition activities that result in actual sales, including surveys, interviews, representative time studies and other methods. These estimates include assumptions that are reviewed and updated on a periodic basis or more frequently to reflect significant changes in processes or distribution methods. 
 Amortization Methodologies 
 Participating Traditional Life Policies 
 For participating traditional life policies (substantially all of which are in the Closed Block), DAC is amortized over the expected total life of the contract group as a constant percentage based on the present value of the estimated gross margin amounts expected to be realized over the life of the contracts using the expected investment yield. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the average investment yields assumed (excluding policy loans) were 4.4 grading to 4.3 in 2026. Estimated gross margins include anticipated premiums and investment results less claims and administrative expenses, changes in the net level premium reserve and expected annual policyholder dividends. The effect on the accumulated amortization of DAC of revisions to estimated gross margins is reflected in earnings in the period such estimated gross margins are revised. The effect on the DAC assets that would result from realization of unrealized gains (losses) is recognized with an offset to AOCI in consolidated equity as of the balance sheet date. Many of the factors that affect gross margins are included in the determination of our dividends to these policyholders. DAC adjustments related to participating traditional life policies do not create significant volatility in results of operations as the Closed Block recognizes a cumulative policyholder dividend obligation expense in Policyholders dividends, for the excess of actual cumulative earnings over expected cumulative earnings as determined at the time of demutualization. 
 Non-participating Traditional Life Insurance Policies 
 DAC associated with non-participating traditional life policies is amortized in proportion to anticipated premiums. Assumptions as to anticipated premiums are estimated at the date of policy issue and are consistently applied during the life of the contracts. Deviations from estimated experience are reflected in earnings (loss) in the period such deviations occur. For these contracts, the amortization periods generally are for the total life of the policy. 
 Universal Life and Investment-type Contracts 
 DAC associated with certain variable annuity products is amortized based on estimated assessments, with the remainder of variable annuity products, UL and investment-type products amortized over the expected total life of the contract group as a constant percentage of estimated gross profits arising principally from investment results, Separate Account fees, mortality and expense margins and surrender charges based on historical and anticipated future experience, updated at the end of each accounting period. When estimated gross profits are expected to be negative for multiple years of a contract life, DAC is amortized using the present value of estimated assessments. The effect on the amortization of DAC of revisions to estimated gross profits or assessments is reflected in net income (loss) in the period such estimated gross profits or assessments are revised. A decrease in expected gross profits or assessments would accelerate DAC amortization. Conversely, an increase in expected gross profits or assessments would slow DAC amortization. The effect on the DAC assets that would result from realization of unrealized gains (losses) is recognized with an offset to AOCI in consolidated equity as of the balance sheet date. 
 Quarterly adjustments to the DAC balance are made for current period experience and market performance related adjustments, and the impact of reviews of estimated total gross profits. The quarterly adjustments for current period experience reflect the impact of differences between actual and previously estimated expected gross profits for a given period. Total estimated gross profits include both actual experience and estimates of gross profits for future periods. To the extent each 
 47 

Table of Contents 

period s actual experience differs from the previous estimate for that period, the assumed level of total gross profits may change. In these cases, cumulative adjustment to all previous periods costs is recognized. 
 During each accounting period, the DAC balances are evaluated and adjusted with a corresponding charge or credit to current period earnings for the effects of our actual gross profits and changes in the assumptions regarding estimated future gross profits. A decrease in expected gross profits or assessments would accelerate DAC amortization. Conversely, an increase in expected gross profits or assessments would slow DAC amortization. The effect on the DAC assets that would result from realization of unrealized gains (losses) is recognized with an offset to AOCI in consolidated equity as of the balance sheet date. 
 For the variable and UL policies a significant portion of the gross profits is derived from mortality margins and therefore, are significantly influenced by the mortality assumptions used. Mortality assumptions represent our expected claims experience over the life of these policies and are based on a long-term average of actual company experience. This assumption is updated periodically to reflect recent experience as it emerges. Improvement of life mortality in future periods from that currently projected would result in future deceleration of DAC amortization. Conversely, deterioration of life mortality in future periods from that currently projected would result in future acceleration of DAC amortization. 
 Loss Recognition Testing 
 After the initial establishment of reserves, loss recognition tests are performed using best estimate assumptions as of the testing date without provisions for adverse deviation. When the liabilities for future policy benefits plus the present value of expected future gross premiums for the aggregate product group are insufficient to provide for expected future policy benefits and expenses for that line of business (i.e., reserves net of any DAC asset), loss recognition accounting is triggered and DAC is first written off, and thereafter a premium deficiency reserve is established by a charge to earnings. 
 We did not have a loss recognition event in 2022. In 2021, we determined that certain of our variable interest sensitive life insurance products triggered loss recognition accounting due to low interest rates and we reduced DAC by 17 million through accelerated amortization. 
 Additionally, policyholder liability balances for a particular line of business may not be deficient in the aggregate to trigger loss recognition accounting; however the pattern of earnings may be such that annual profits are expected to be recognized in earlier years and then followed by losses in later years. In these situations, an additional profits followed by loss liability should be recognized by an amount necessary to sufficiently offset the losses that would be recognized in later years. 
 In addition, we are required to analyze how net unrealized investment gains and losses on our AFS investment securities backing insurance liabilities affects product profitability, as if those unrealized investment gains and losses were realized. This may result in the recognition of unrealized gains and losses on related insurance assets and liabilities in a manner consistent with the recognition of the unrealized gains and losses on AFS investment securities within the statements of comprehensive income and changes in equity. Changes to net unrealized investment gains (losses) may increase or decrease DAC. Similar to a loss recognition event, if the DAC balance is reduced to zero, additional insurance liabilities are established. Unlike a loss recognition event, these adjustments may reverse from period to period. 
 Sensitivity of DAC to Changes in Future Mortality Assumptions 
 The sensitivity of the DAC balance relative to future mortality assumptions by quantifying the adjustments that would be required, assuming an increase and decrease in the future mortality rate by 1.0 is not applicable as we wrote off the DAC for our variable and interest-sensitive life insurance products in 2020. 
 Sensitivity of DAC to Changes in Future Rate of Return Assumptions 
 A significant assumption in the amortization of DAC on variable annuity products and, to a lesser extent, on variable and interest-sensitive life insurance relates to projected future Separate Accounts performance. Management sets estimated future gross profit or assessment assumptions related to Separate Account performance using a long-term view of expected average market returns by applying a RTM approach, a commonly used industry practice. This future return approach influences the projection of fees earned, as well as other sources of estimated gross profits. Returns that are higher than expectations for a given period produce higher than expected account balances, increase the fees earned resulting in higher expected future gross profits and lower DAC amortization for the period. The opposite occurs when returns are lower than expected. 
 In applying this approach to develop estimates of future returns, it is assumed that the market will return to an average gross long-term return estimate, developed with reference to historical long-term equity market performance. Management has set limitations as to maximum and minimum future rate of return assumptions, as well as a limitation on the duration of use of 
 48 

Table of Contents 

these maximum or minimum rates of return. As of December 31, 2022, the average gross short-term and long-term annual return estimate on variable and interest-sensitive life insurance and variable annuity products was 7.0 (4.9 net of product weighted average Separate Accounts fees), and the gross maximum and minimum short-term annual rate of return limitations were 15.0 (12.9 net of product weighted average Separate Accounts fees and Investment Advisory fees) and 0.0 ((2.1) net of product weighted average Separate Accounts fees and Investment Advisory fees), respectively. The maximum duration over which these rate limitations may be applied is five years. These assumptions of long-term growth are subject to assessment of the reasonableness of resulting estimates of future return assumptions. 
 If actual market returns continue at levels that would result in assuming future market returns of 15.0 for more than five years in order to reach the average gross long-term return estimate, the application of the five year maximum duration limitation would result in an acceleration of DAC amortization. Conversely, actual market returns resulting in assumed future market returns of 0.0 for more than five years would result in a required deceleration of DAC amortization. At December 31, 2022, current projections of future average gross market returns assume approximately an 11.0 annualized return for sixteen quarters, followed by 7.3 annualized return for four quarters, followed by 7.0 thereafter. 
 Other significant assumptions underlying gross profit estimates for UL and investment type products relate to contract persistency and General Account investment spread. 
 The following table provides an example of the sensitivity of the DAC balance of variable annuity products relative to future return assumptions by quantifying the adjustments to the DAC balance that would be required assuming both an increase and decrease in the future rate of return by 1.0 . This information considers only the effect of changes in the future Separate Accounts rate of return and not changes in any other assumptions used in the measurement of the DAC balance. 
 DAC Sensitivity - Rate of Return (1) 
 December 31, 2022 
 Increase/(Decrease) 
 in DAC 
 (in millions) 
 Decrease in future rate of return by 1 (63) Increase in future rate of return by 1 73 
 ______________ 
 (1) Excludes the DAC for our variable and interest-sensitive life insurance products which were written off in 2020. 
 Estimated Fair Value of Investments 
 Our investment portfolio principally consists of public and private fixed maturities, mortgage loans, equity securities and derivative financial instruments, including exchange traded equity, currency and interest rate futures contracts, total return and/or other equity swaps, interest rate swap and floor contracts, swaptions, variance swaps as well as equity options used to manage various risks relating to its business operations. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 Investments reported at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets include fixed maturity and equity securities classified as AFS, trading securities, and certain other invested assets, such as freestanding derivatives. In addition, reinsurance contracts covering GMIB exposure and the liabilities in the SCS variable annuity products, SIO in the EQUI-VEST variable annuity product series, MSO in the variable life insurance products, IUL insurance products and the GMAB, GIB, GMWB and GWBL feature in certain variable annuity products issued by us are considered embedded derivatives and reported at fair value. 
 When available, the estimated fair value of securities is based on quoted prices in active markets that are readily and regularly obtainable; these generally are the most liquid holdings and their valuation does not involve management judgment. When quoted prices in active markets are not available, we estimate fair value based on market standard valuation methodologies. These alternative approaches include matrix or model pricing and use of independent pricing services, each supported by reference to principal market trades or other observable market assumptions for similar securities. More specifically, the matrix pricing approach to fair value is a discounted cash flow methodology that incorporates market interest rates commensurate with the credit quality and duration of the investment. For securities with reasonable price transparency, the significant inputs to these valuation methodologies either are observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. When the volume or level of activity results in little or no price transparency, significant inputs no longer can be supported by reference to market observable data but instead must be based on 
 49 

Table of Contents 

management s estimation and judgment. Substantially the same approach is used by us to measure the fair values of freestanding and embedded derivatives with exception for consideration of the effects of master netting agreements and collateral arrangements as well as incremental value or risk ascribed to changes in own or counterparty credit risk. 
 As required by the accounting guidance, we categorize our assets and liabilities measured at fair value into a three-level hierarchy, based on the priority of the inputs to the respective valuation technique, giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). For additional information regarding the key estimates and assumptions surrounding the determinations of fair value measurements, see Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Impairments and Valuation Allowances 
 The carrying values of fixed maturities classified as AFS are reported at fair value. Changes in fair value are reported in OCI, net of allowance for credit losses, policy related amounts and deferred income taxes. With the adoption of the Financial Instruments-Credit Losses standard, changes in credit losses are recognized in investment gains (losses), net. 
 With the assistance of our investment advisors, we evaluate AFS debt securities that experience a decline in fair value below amortized cost for credit losses which are evaluated in accordance with the financial instruments credit losses guidance. The remainder of the unrealized loss related to other factors, if any, is recognized in OCI. Integral to this review is an assessment made each quarter, on a security-by-security basis, by our IUS Committee, of various indicators of credit deterioration to determine whether the investment security has experienced a credit loss. This assessment includes, but is not limited to, consideration of the severity of the unrealized loss, failure, if any, of the issuer of the security to make scheduled payments, actions taken by rating agencies, adverse conditions specifically related to the security or sector, the financial strength, liquidity and continued viability of the issuer. 
 We recognize an allowance for credit losses on AFS debt securities with a corresponding adjustment to earnings rather than a direct write down that reduces the cost basis of the investment, and credit losses are limited to the amount by which the security s amortized cost basis exceeds its fair value. Any improvements in estimated credit losses on AFS debt securities are recognized immediately in earnings. We do not use the length of time a security has been in an unrealized loss position as a factor, either by itself or in combination with other factors, to conclude that a credit loss does not exist, as was permitted to do prior to January 1, 2020. 
 If there is no intent to sell or likely requirement to dispose of the fixed maturity security before its recovery, only the credit loss component of any resulting allowance is recognized in income (loss) and the remainder of the fair value loss is recognized in OCI. The amount of credit loss is the shortfall of the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected as compared to the amortized cost basis of the security. The present value is calculated by discounting management s best estimate of projected future cash flows at the effective interest rate implicit in the debt security at the date of acquisition. Projections of future cash flows are based on assumptions regarding probability of default and estimates regarding the amount and timing of recoveries. These assumptions and estimates require use of management judgment and consider internal credit analyses as well as market observable data relevant to the collectability of the security. For mortgage and asset-backed securities, projected future cash flows also include assumptions regarding prepayments and underlying collateral value. 
 Write-offs of AFS debt securities are recorded when all or a portion of a financial asset is deemed uncollectible. Full or partial write-offs are recorded as reductions to the amortized cost basis of the AFS debt security and deducted from the allowance in the period in which the financial assets are deemed uncollectible. We elected to reverse accrued interest deemed uncollectible as a reversal of interest income. In instances where we collect cash that has previously been written off, the recovery will be recognized through earnings or as a reduction of the amortized cost basis for interest and principal, respectively. 
 Mortgage loans are stated at unpaid principal balances, net of unamortized discounts and valuation allowances. For collectively evaluated mortgages, we estimate the allowance for credit losses based on the amortized cost basis of its mortgages over their expected life using a PD / LGD model. For individually evaluated mortgages, we continue to recognize valuation allowances based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s original effective interest rate or on its collateral value if the loan is collateral dependent. 
 For commercial and agricultural mortgage loans, an allowance for credit loss is typically recommended when management believes it is probable that principal and interest will not be collected according to the contractual terms. Factors that influence management s judgment in determining allowance for credit losses include the following: 
 50 

Table of Contents 

LTV ratio Derived from current loan balance divided by the fair market value of the property. An allowance for credit loss is typically recommended when the LTV ratio is in excess of 100 . In the case where the LTV is in excess of 100 , the allowance for credit loss is derived by taking the difference between the fair market value (less cost of sale) and the current loan balance. 
 DSC ratio Derived from actual operating earnings divided by annual debt service. If the ratio is below 1.0x, then the income from the property does not support the debt. 
 Occupancy Criteria vary by property type but low or below market occupancy is an indicator of sub-par property performance. 
 Lease expirations The percentage of leases expiring in the upcoming 12 to 36 months are monitored as a decline in rent and/or occupancy may negatively impact the debt service coverage ratio. In the case of single-tenant properties or properties with large tenant exposure, the lease expiration is a material risk factor. 
 Maturity Mortgage loans that are not fully amortizing and have upcoming maturities within the next 12 to 24 months are monitored in conjunction with the capital markets to determine the borrower s ability to refinance the debt and/or pay off the balloon balance. 
 Borrower/tenant related issues Financial concerns, potential bankruptcy, or words or actions that indicate imminent default or abandonment of property. 
 Payment status current vs. delinquent A history of delinquent payments may be a cause for concern. 
 Property condition Significant deferred maintenance observed during the lenders annual site inspections. 
 Other Any other factors such as current economic conditions may call into question the performance of the loan. 
 
 Mortgage loans that do not share similar risk characteristics with other loans in the portfolio are individually evaluated quarterly by the IUS Committee for impairment on a loan-by-loan basis, including an assessment of related collateral value. Commercial mortgages 60 days or more past due and agricultural mortgages 90 days or more past due, as well as all mortgages in the process of foreclosure, are identified as problem mortgages. Based on its monthly monitoring of mortgages, a class of potential problem mortgages also is identified, consisting of mortgage loans not currently classified as problems but for which management has doubts as to the ability of the borrower to comply with the present loan payment terms and which may result in the loan becoming a problem or being restructured. The decision whether to classify a performing mortgage loan as a potential problem involves significant subjective judgments by management as to likely future industry conditions and developments with respect to the borrower or the individual mortgaged property. 
 For problem mortgage loans a valuation allowance is established to provide for the risk of credit losses inherent in the lending process. The allowance includes loan specific reserves for loans determined to be non-performing as a result of the loan review process. A non-performing loan is defined as a loan for which it is probable that amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement will not be collected. The loan specific portion of the loss allowance is based on our assessment as to ultimate collectability of loan principal and interest. Valuation allowances for a non-performing loan are recorded based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or based on the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. The valuation allowance for mortgage loans can increase or decrease from period to period based on such factors. 
 Impaired mortgage loans without provision for losses are mortgage loans where the fair value of the collateral or the net present value of the expected future cash flows related to the loan equals or exceeds the recorded investment. Interest income earned on mortgage loans where the collateral value is used to measure impairment is recorded on a cash basis. Interest income on mortgage loans where the present value method is used to measure impairment is accrued on the net carrying value amount of the loan at the interest rate used to discount the cash flows. Changes in the present value attributable to changes in the amount or timing of expected cash flows are reported as investment gains or losses. 
 Mortgage loans are placed on nonaccrual status once management believes the collection of accrued interest is doubtful. Once mortgage loans are classified as nonaccrual mortgage loans, interest income is recognized under the cash basis of accounting and the resumption of the interest accrual would commence only after all past due interest has been collected or the mortgage loan on real estate has been restructured to where the collection of interest is considered likely. 
 See Note 2 and Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information relating to our determination of the amount of allowances and impairments. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Derivatives 
 We use freestanding derivative instruments to hedge various capital market risks in our products, including: (i) certain guarantees, some of which are reported as embedded derivatives; (ii) current or future changes in the fair value of our assets and liabilities; and (iii) current or future changes in cash flows. All derivatives, whether freestanding or embedded, are required to be carried on the balance sheet at fair value with changes reflected in either net income (loss) or in OCI, depending on the type of hedge. Below is a summary of critical accounting estimates by type of derivative. 
 Freestanding Derivatives 
 The determination of the estimated fair value of freestanding derivatives, when quoted market values are not available, is based on market standard valuation methodologies and inputs that management believes are consistent with what other market participants would use when pricing such instruments. Derivative valuations can be affected by changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, financial indices, credit spreads, default risk, nonperformance risk, volatility, liquidity and changes in estimates and assumptions used in the pricing models. See Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on significant inputs into the OTC derivative pricing models and credit risk adjustment. 
 Embedded Derivatives 
 We issue variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits, some of which are embedded derivatives measured at estimated fair value separately from the host variable annuity product, with changes in estimated fair value reported in net derivative gains (losses). We also have assumed from an affiliate the risk associated with certain guaranteed minimum benefits, which are accounted for as embedded derivatives measured at estimated fair value. The estimated fair values of these embedded derivatives are determined based on the present value of projected future benefits minus the present value of projected future fees attributable to the guarantee. The projections of future benefits and future fees require capital markets and actuarial assumptions, including expectations concerning policyholder behavior. A risk neutral valuation methodology is used under which the cash flows from the guarantees are projected under multiple capital market scenarios using observable risk-free rates. 
 Market conditions, including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates, equity indices, market volatility and variations in actuarial assumptions, including policyholder behavior, mortality and risk margins related to non-capital market inputs, as well as changes in our nonperformance risk adjustment may result in significant fluctuations in the estimated fair value of the guarantees that could materially affect net income. Changes to actuarial assumptions, principally related to contract holder behavior such as annuitization, utilization and withdrawals associated with GMIB riders, can result in a change of expected future cash outflows of a guarantee between the accrual-based model for insurance liabilities and the fair-value based model for embedded derivatives. See Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information relating to the determination of the accounting model. Risk margins are established to capture the non-capital market risks of the instrument which represent the additional compensation a market participant would require to assume the risks related to the uncertainties in certain actuarial assumptions. For direct liabilities, risk margins are applied to non-capital market risk assumptions, while for reinsurance asset risk margins are based on the cost of capital a theoretical market participant would require to assume the risks. The establishment of risk margins requires the use of significant management judgment, including assumptions of the amount and cost of capital needed to cover the guarantees. 
 With respect to assumptions regarding policyholder behavior, we have recorded charges, and in some cases benefits, in prior years as a result of the availability of sufficient and credible data at the conclusion of each review. 
 We ceded the risk associated with certain of the variable annuity products with GMxB features described in the preceding paragraphs. The value of the embedded derivatives on the ceded risk is determined using a methodology consistent with that described previously for the guarantees directly written by us with the exception of the input for nonperformance risk that reflects the credit of the reinsurer. However, because certain of the reinsured guarantees do not meet the definition of an embedded derivative and, thus are not accounted for at fair value, significant fluctuations in net income may occur when the change in the fair value of the reinsurance recoverable is recorded in net income without a corresponding and offsetting change in fair value of the directly written guaranteed liability. 
 Nonperformance Risk Adjustment 
 The valuation of our embedded derivatives includes an adjustment for the risk that we fail to satisfy our obligations, which we refer to as our nonperformance risk. The nonperformance risk adjustment, which is captured as a spread over the risk-free rate in determining the discount rate to discount the cash flows of the liability, is determined by taking into consideration publicly available information relating to spreads on corporate bonds in the secondary market comparable to Equitable Financial s financial strength rating. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

The table below illustrates the impact that a range of reasonably likely variances in credit spreads would have on our consolidated balance sheet, excluding the effect of income tax, related to the embedded derivative valuation on certain variable annuity products measured at estimated fair value. Even when credit spreads do not change, the impact of the nonperformance risk adjustment on fair value will change when the cash flows within the fair value measurement change. The table only reflects the impact of changes in credit spreads on our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein and not these other potential changes. In determining the ranges, we have considered current market conditions, as well as the market level of spreads that can reasonably be anticipated over the near term. The ranges do not reflect extreme market conditions such as those experienced during the 2008 2009 financial crisis as we do not consider those to be reasonably likely events in the near future. 
 Policyholders Account Balances (in billions) 
 100 increase in Equitable Financial s credit spread 4.7 As reported 5.8 50 decrease in Equitable Financial s credit spread 6.4 
 
 See Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our derivatives and hedging programs. 
 Litigation and Regulatory Contingencies 
 We are a party to a number of legal actions and are involved in a number of regulatory investigations. Given the inherent unpredictability of these matters, it is difficult to estimate the impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Liabilities are established when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. On a quarterly and annual basis, we review relevant information with respect to liabilities for litigation, regulatory investigations and litigation-related contingencies to be reflected in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. 
 See Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding our assessment of litigation contingencies. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income taxes represent the net amount of income taxes that we expect to pay to or receive from various taxing jurisdictions in connection with its operations. We provide for Federal and state income taxes currently payable, as well as those deferred due to temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the balance sheet date using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years the temporary differences are expected to reverse. The realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryforward periods under the tax law in the applicable jurisdiction. Valuation allowances are established when management determines, based on available information, that it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management considers all available evidence including past operating results, the existence of cumulative losses in the most recent years, forecasted earnings, future taxable income and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. Our accounting for income taxes represents management s best estimate of the tax consequences of various events and transactions. At December 31, 2022, we determined that it was more likely than not that a portion of our capital deferred tax assets would not be realized. The Company recorded a valuation allowance of 1.5 billion through Other Comprehensive Income. For more information, see Note 14 Income Taxes. 
 Significant management judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes and deferred tax assets and liabilities, and in evaluating our tax positions including evaluating uncertainties under the guidance for Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes. Under the guidance, we determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination by the appropriate taxing authorities before any part of the benefit can be recorded in the financial statements. Tax positions are then measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement. 
 Our tax positions are reviewed quarterly and the balances are adjusted as new information becomes available. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Adoption of New Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a complete discussion of newly issued accounting pronouncements. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Part II, Item 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Our businesses are subject to financial, market, political and economic risks, as well as to risks inherent in our business operations. The discussion that follows provides additional information on market risks arising from our insurance asset/liability management and investment management activities. Such risks are evaluated and managed by each business on a decentralized basis. Primary market risk exposure results from interest rate fluctuations, equity price movements and changes in credit quality. 
 Our results significantly depend on profit margins or spreads between investment results from assets held in the General Account investment portfolio and interest credited on individual insurance and annuity products. Management believes its fixed rate liabilities should be supported by a portfolio principally composed of fixed rate investments that generate predictable, steady rates of return. Although these assets are purchased for long-term investment, the portfolio management strategy considers them AFS in response to changes in market interest rates, changes in prepayment risk, changes in relative values of asset sectors and individual securities and loans, changes in credit quality outlook and other relevant factors. See the Investments section of Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the accounting policies for the investment portfolios. The objective of portfolio management is to maximize returns, taking into account interest rate and credit risks. Insurance asset/liability management includes strategies to minimize exposure to loss as interest rates and economic and market conditions change. As a result, the fixed maturity portfolio has modest exposure to call and prepayment risk and the vast majority of mortgage holdings are fixed rate mortgages that carry yield maintenance and prepayment provisions. 
 Investments with Interest Rate Risk Fair Value 
 Assets with interest rate risk include AFS and trading fixed maturities and mortgage loans that make up 87.7 and 88.6 of the fair value of the General Account investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As part of our asset/liability management, quantitative analyses are used to model the impact various changes in interest rates have on assets with interest rate risk. The table that follows shows the impact an immediate one percent increase/decrease in interest rates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 would have on the fair value of fixed maturities and mortgage loans: 
 Interest Rate Risk Exposure 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Fair Value 
 Impact of +1 Change 
 Impact of -1 Change 
 Fair Value 
 Impact of +1 Change Impact of -1 Change 
 (in millions) Fixed Income Investments: AFS securities: Fixed rate 49,448 (3,752) 4,353 66,005 (6,855) 8,299 Floating rate 9,500 (10) 10 7,071 (76) 82 Trading securities: Fixed rate 87 (1) 1 145 (2) 2 Floating rate Mortgage loans 14,675 (640) 689 14,291 (742) 314 
 A one percent increase/decrease in interest rates is a hypothetical rate scenario used to demonstrate potential risk; it does not represent management s view of future market changes. While these fair value measurements provide a representation of interest rate sensitivity of fixed maturities and mortgage loans, they are based on various portfolio exposures at a particular point in time and may not be representative of future market results. These exposures will change as a result of ongoing portfolio activities in response to management s assessment of changing market conditions and available investment opportunities. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

Investments with Equity Price Risk Fair Value 
 The investment portfolios also have direct holdings of public and private equity securities. The following table shows the potential exposure from those equity security investments, measured in terms of fair value, to an immediate 10 increase/decrease in equity prices from those prevailing as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Equity Price Risk Exposure 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Impact of +10 Equity Price Change Impact of -10 Equity Price Change Fair Value Impact of +10 Equity Price Change Impact of -10 Equity Price Change (in millions) Equity Investments 627 63 (63) 682 68 (68) 
 A 10 decrease in equity prices is a hypothetical scenario used to calibrate potential risk and does not represent management s view of future market changes. The fair value measurements shown are based on the equity securities portfolio exposures at a particular point in time and these exposures will change as a result of ongoing portfolio activities in response to management s assessment of changing market conditions and available investment opportunities. 
 Liabilities with Interest Rate Risk Fair Value 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate carrying values of insurance contracts with interest rate risk were 17.4 billion and 15.3 billion, respectively. The aggregate fair value of such liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 16.4 billion and 15.3 billion, respectively. The impact of a relative 1 decrease in interest rates would be an increase in the fair value of those liabilities of 389 million and 349 million, respectively. While these fair value measurements provide a representation of the interest rate sensitivity of insurance liabilities, they are based on the composition of such liabilities at a particular point in time and may not be representative of future results. 
 Asset/liability management is integrated into many aspects of our operations, including investment decisions, product development and determination of crediting rates. As part of our risk management process, numerous economic scenarios are modeled, including cash flow testing required for insurance regulatory purposes, to determine if existing assets would be sufficient to meet projected liability cash flows. Key variables include policyholder behavior, such as persistency, under differing crediting rate strategies. 
 Derivatives and Interest Rate and Equity Risks Fair Value 
 We primarily use derivative contracts for asset/liability risk management, to mitigate our exposure to equity market decline and interest rate risks and for hedging individual securities. In addition, we periodically enter into forward, exchange-traded futures and interest rate swap, swaptions and floor contracts to reduce the economic impact of movements in the equity and fixed income markets, including the program to hedge certain risks associated with the GMxB features. As more fully described in Note 2 and Note 4 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, various traditional derivative financial instruments are used to achieve these objectives. To minimize credit risk exposure associated with its derivative transactions, each counterparty s credit is appraised and approved and risk control limits and monitoring procedures are applied. Credit limits are established and monitored on the basis of potential exposures that take into consideration current market values and estimates of potential future movements in market values given potential fluctuations in market interest rates. To reduce credit exposures in OTC derivative transactions, we enter into master agreements that provide for a netting of financial exposures with the counterparty and allow for collateral arrangements. We further control and minimize counterparty exposure through a credit appraisal and approval process. Under the ISDA Master Agreement, we have executed a CSA with each of our OTC derivative counterparties that require both posting and accepting collateral either in the form of cash or high-quality securities, such as U.S. Treasury securities or those issued by government agencies. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

Mark to market exposure is a point-in-time measure of the value of a derivative contract in the open market. A positive value indicates existence of credit risk for us because the counterparty would owe money to us if the contract were closed. Alternatively, a negative value indicates we would owe money to the counterparty if the contract were closed. If there is more than one derivative transaction outstanding with a counterparty, a master netting arrangement exists with the counterparty. In that case, the market risk represents the net of the positive and negative exposures with the single counterparty. In management s view, the net potential exposure is the better measure of credit risk. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net fair values of our derivatives were 1.0 billion and 1.6 billion, respectively. 
 The tables below show the interest rate or equity sensitivities of those derivatives, measured in terms of fair value. These exposures will change as a result of ongoing portfolio and risk management activities. 
 Derivative Financial Instruments 
 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 Notional Amount Weighted Average Term (Years) Impact of -1 Change 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Impact of +1 Change 
 (In millions, except for Weighted Average Term) 
 December 31, 2022 Swaps 2,453 11 (212) (460) (653) Futures 12,693 (110) 155 Swaptions Total 15,146 (322) (460) (498) December 31, 2021 Swaps 2,831 11 (111) (440) (693) Futures 12,455 1,130 (891) Swaptions Total 15,286 1,019 (440) (1,584) 
 
 Equity Sensitivity 
 Notional Amount Weighted Average Term (Years) Fair 
 Value 
 Balance after 
 -10 Equity 
 Price Shift 
 (In millions, except for Weighted Average Term) 
 December 31, 2022 Futures 4,320 273 Swaps 11,159 1 38 1,154 Options 39,863 3 4,153 2,123 Total 55,342 4,191 3,550 December 31, 2021 Futures 2,213 117 Swaps 13,310 5 1,336 Options 48,380 2 6,956 5,380 Total 63,903 6,961 6,833 
 
 In addition to the freestanding derivatives discussed above, we have entered into reinsurance contracts to mitigate the risk associated with the impact of potential market fluctuations on future policyholder elections of GMIB features contained in certain annuity contracts. These reinsurance contracts are considered derivatives under the guidance on derivatives and hedging. GMIB reinsurance contract assets were reported at their fair values of 1.3 billion and 2.1 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The potential fair value exposure to an immediate 10 drop in equity prices from those prevailing as of 
 57 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, would increase the balances of the reinsurance contract asset to 131 million and 193 million. Amounts due from Reinsurers was 4.1 billion and 5.8 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The potential fair value exposure to an immediate 10 drop in equity prices from those prevailing as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is 344 million and 447 million, respectively. 
 Also, the GMxB feature s liability associated with certain annuity contracts is similarly considered to be a derivative for accounting purposes and was reported at its fair value. The liability for embedded derivative liability features was 5.8 billion and 8.5 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The potential fair value exposure to an immediate 10 drop in equity prices from those prevailing as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, would be to increase the liability balance by 705 million and 990 million. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID: 
 60 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss), for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity, for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 67 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 1 - Organization 
 69 
 Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies 
 70 
 Note 3 - Investments 
 85 
 Note 4 - Derivatives 
 97 
 Note 5 - Closed Block 
 103 
 Note 6 - DAC and Policyholder Bonus Interest Credits 
 104 
 Note 7 - Fair Value Disclosures 
 105 
 Note 8 - Insurance Liabilities 
 118 
 Note 9 - Leases 
 122 
 Note 10 - Reinsurance 
 124 
 Note 11 - Related Party Transactions 
 125 
 Note 12 - Employee Benefit Plans 
 127 
 Note 13 - Share-Based Compensation Programs 
 128 
 Note 14 - Income Taxes 
 131 
 Note 15 - Equity 
 133 
 Note 16 - Commitments and Contingent Liabilities 
 134 
 Note 17 - Insurance Group Statutory Financial Information 
 137 
 Note 18 - Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest 
 139 
 Note 19 - Revenues From External Customers 
 139 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules Schedule I - Summary of Investments - Other than Investments in Related Parties, as of December 31, 2022 
 141 
 Schedule IV - Reinsurance, as of and for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 142 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes and financial statement schedules, of Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company and its subsidiaries (the Company as listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Amortization and Valuation of Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs DAC related to Variable Annuity Products with Guaranteed Minimum Benefits 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, DAC represents acquisition costs that vary with and are primarily related to the acquisition of new and renewal insurance business that are deferred. A significant portion of the 5.9 billion DAC as of December 31, 2022, is associated with the variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits. DAC associated with certain variable annuity products is amortized based on estimated assessments, with DAC on the remainder of variable annuities, Universal Life and investment-type products amortized over the expected total life of the contract group as a constant percentage of estimated gross profits. DAC is subject to recoverability testing at the time of policy issue and loss recognition testing at the end of each accounting period. The DAC amortization and valuation estimates for these products are determined using models and significant assumptions related to projected future separate account performance, mortality, contract persistency, and general account investment spread. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the amortization and valuation of DAC related to variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining the amortization and valuation estimates, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the relevant models and significant assumptions related to projected future separate account performance, mortality, contract persistency, and general account investment spread, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to amortization and valuation of DAC related to variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits, including controls over the relevant models and development of the significant assumptions. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for determining the amortization and valuation estimates of DAC, which included (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of the historical data used by management to develop and update the significant assumptions, (ii) testing that significant assumptions are accurately reflected in the relevant models, and (iii) the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of the relevant models and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions related to projected future separate account performance, mortality, contract persistency, and general account investment spread based on consideration of the Company s experience, industry trends, and market conditions, as applicable. 
 Valuation of Guaranteed Minimum Benefit Features related to Certain Life and Annuity Contracts included within Future Policy Benefits and Other Policyholders Liabilities and Amounts Due From Reinsurers 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, future policy benefits and other policyholders liabilities of 33.5 billion as of December 31, 2022, includes reserves related to guaranteed minimum death benefits GMDB and guaranteed minimum income benefit GMIB features for certain life and annuity contracts, other than those accounted for as embedded derivatives. Amounts due from reinsurers of 15.9 billion as of December 31, 2022, includes reinsurance recoverables related to GMDB and GMIB features for certain life and annuity contracts ceded under reinsurance contracts other than those accounted for as embedded derivatives. For certain contracts with guaranteed minimum benefit features, the benefits are accounted for as reserves and determined by estimating the expected value of death or income benefits in excess of the projected contract accumulation value and recognizing the excess over the estimated life based on expected assessments (i.e., benefit ratio). The liability equals the current benefit ratio multiplied by cumulative assessments recognized to date, plus interest, less cumulative excess payments to date. The determination of this estimated liability is based on models that involve numerous assumptions and subjective judgments, including those regarding expected market rates of return and volatility, contract surrender and withdrawal rates, mortality experience, and, for contracts with the GMIB feature, GMIB election rates. Amounts due from reinsurers, other than those accounted for as embedded derivatives, are calculated using methodologies and assumptions that are consistent with those used to calculate the direct liabilities. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of guaranteed minimum benefit features related to certain life and annuity contracts included within future policy benefits and other policyholders liabilities and amounts due from reinsurers is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining the valuation of these guaranteed minimum benefit features, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the relevant models and significant assumptions of expected market rates of return and volatility, contract surrender and withdrawal rates, mortality experience, and, for contracts with the GMIB feature, GMIB election rates (collectively referred to as the significant assumptions ), and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to valuation of guaranteed minimum benefit features related to certain life and annuity contracts, including controls over the relevant models and development of the significant assumptions. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for determining the valuation of the guaranteed minimum benefit features, which included (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of the historical data used by management to develop and update the significant assumptions, (ii) testing that significant assumptions are accurately reflected in the relevant models, and (iii) the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of the relevant models and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions based on consideration of the Company s experience, industry trends, and market conditions, as applicable. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Valuation of GMIB Features accounted for as Derivatives included within Future Policy Benefits and Other Policyholders Liabilities, GMIB Reinsurance Contract Asset, at fair value and Amounts Due from Reinsurers 
 As described in Notes 2 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company issues certain annuity contracts that contain GMIB features that are accounted for as embedded derivatives, recorded at fair value and presented within policy benefits and other policyholders liabilities. The reinsurance of certain of these GMIB features are accounted for as embedded derivatives and are presented at fair value within amounts due from reinsurers. Additionally, there are ceded reinsurance contracts that are net settled, accounted for as a derivative at fair value and presented within GMIB reinsurance contract asset, at fair value. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the GMIB features accounted for as embedded derivatives and presented within future policy benefits and other policyholders liabilities was 8.5 billion, GMIB reinsurance contract asset, at fair value was 2.1 billion, and amounts due from reinsurers was 5.8 billion. Management determined the fair values the of the GMIB features presented as embedded derivatives using a discounted cash flow valuation technique that incorporates significant unobservable inputs with respect to (i) non-performance risk, lapse rates, withdrawal rates, annuitization rates, and mortality rates for future policy benefits and other policyholders liabilities, and (ii) non-performance risk, lapse rates, withdrawal rates, utilization rates, volatility rates, and mortality rates for the GMIB reinsurance contract asset, at fair value and the amounts due from reinsurers. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of GMIB features accounted for as derivatives and included within future policy benefits and other policyholders liabilities, GMIB reinsurance contract asset, at fair value, and amounts due from reinsurers is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when determining the fair values of the GMIB features accounted for as derivatives, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the valuation technique and significant unobservable inputs with related to non-performance risk, lapse rates, withdrawal rates, annuitization rates, and mortality rates for the reinsurance contract asset and the amounts due from reinsurers, and non-performance risk, lapse rates, withdrawal rates, annuitization rates and mortality rates for future policyholders liabilities (collectively referred to as the significant unobservable inputs ), and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to determining the fair value of the GMIB features accounted for as derivatives included within future policy benefits and other policyholders liabilities, GMIB reinsurance contract asset, at fair value, and amounts due from reinsurers, including controls over the valuation technique and determination of significant unobservable inputs. These procedures also included, among others, testing management s process for determining the fair value of the GMIB features accounted for as derivatives, which included (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of the historical data used by management to develop and update the significant unobservable inputs, (ii) testing that significant unobservable inputs are accurately reflected in the relevant valuation technique, and (iii) the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation technique and the reasonableness of the significant unobservable inputs based on consideration of the Company s experience, industry trends, and market conditions, as applicable. 
 
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 21, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1993. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (in millions, except share data) ASSETS Investments: Fixed maturities available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost of and (allowance for credit losses of and 
 Mortgage loans on real estate (net of allowance for credit losses of and 
 Policy loans Other equity investments (1) Trading securities, at fair value Other invested assets Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Deferred policy acquisition costs Amounts due from reinsurers (allowance for credit losses of and (includes amounts accounted for at fair value of and (3) 
 Loans to affiliates GMIB reinsurance contract asset, at fair value Current and deferred income taxes Other assets Separate Accounts assets Total Assets LIABILITIES Policyholders account balances Future policy benefits and other policyholders' liabilities Broker-dealer related payables Amounts due to reinsurers Other liabilities Separate Accounts liabilities Total Liabilities Redeemable noncontrolling interest (2) Commitments and contingent liabilities (4) 
 EQUITY Equity attributable to Equitable Financial: Common stock, par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total Equity ) Total Liabilities, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Equity ______________ 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) REVENUES Policy charges and fee income Premiums Net derivative gains (losses) ) ) Net investment income (loss) Investment gains (losses), net: Credit and intent to sell losses on available for sale debt securities and loans ) ) Other investment gains (losses), net ) Total investment gains (losses), net ) Investment management and service fees Other income Total revenues BENEFITS AND OTHER DEDUCTIONS Policyholders benefits Interest credited to policyholders account balances Compensation and benefits Commissions Interest expense Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs Other operating costs and expenses Total benefits and other deductions Income (loss) from continuing operations, before income taxes ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) Net income (loss) ) ) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interest ) Net income (loss) attributable to Equitable Financial ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 64 

EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes: Change in unrealized gains (losses), net of adjustments (1) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income taxes ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interest (1) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Equitable Financial ) ) 
 _____________ 
 (1) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 65 

EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Year Ended December 31, Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Non-controlling Interest Total Equity (in millions) January 1, 2022 ) Dividend to parent company ) ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) ) December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) January 1, 2021 ) Dividend to parent company ) ) ) Capital contribution from parent company Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) December 31, 2021 ) 
 January 1, 2020 Dividend to parent company ) ) ) Cumulative effect of adoption of ASU 2016-03, CECL ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Other ) December 31, 2020 ) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 66 

EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) 
 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Interest credited to policyholders account balances Policy charges and fee income ) ) ) Net derivative (gains) losses ) Credit and intent to sell losses on available for sale debt securities and loans ) Investment (gains) losses, net ) ) Realized and unrealized (gains) losses on trading securities ) Non-cash long-term incentive compensation expense ) Amortization and depreciation Equity (income) loss from limited partnerships ) ) ) Changes in: Reinsurance recoverable (1) ) ) ) Capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs ) ) ) Future policy benefits ) Current and deferred income taxes ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from the sale/maturity/prepayment of: Fixed maturities, available-for-sale Mortgage loans on real estate Trading account securities Real estate joint ventures Short-term investments ) Other Payment for the purchase/origination of: Fixed maturities, available-for-sale ) ) ) Mortgage loans on real estate ) ) ) Trading account securities ) ) ) Short-term investments ) ) Other ) ) ) Cash settlements related to derivative instruments, net ) ) Issuance of loans to affiliates ) Repayments of loans to affiliates Investment in capitalized software, leasehold improvements and EDP equipment ) ) ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) ) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 67 

EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) 
 Cash flows from financing activities: Policyholders account balances: Deposits Withdrawals ) ) ) Transfers (to) from Separate Accounts Change in collateralized pledged assets ) Change in collateralized pledged liabilities ) Capital contribution from parent company Shareholder dividend paid ) ) ) Purchase (redemption) of noncontrolling interests of consolidated company-sponsored investment funds Other, net ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental cash flow information: Income taxes (refunded) paid ) ) Non-cash transactions from investing and financing activities: Dividend to Parent ) Transfer of assets to reinsurer ) ) 
 ______________ 
 (1) million and for Venerable Transaction in 2021 of million. See Note 1 of the Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1) 
 principal subsidiaries include Equitable Distributors, LLC Equitable Distributors and Equitable Investment Management Group, LLC EIMG ), which both are wholly-owned indirect subsidiaries of Holdings. 
 Global Atlantic Reinsurance Transaction 
 On October 3, 2022, Equitable Financial completed the transactions (the Global Atlantic Transaction contemplated by the previously announced Master Transaction Agreement, dated August 16, 2022, by and between Equitable Financial and First Allmerica Financial Life Insurance Company, a Massachusetts-domiciled insurance company (the Reinsurer ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Global Atlantic Financial Group. 
 At the closing of the Global Atlantic Transaction, Equitable Financial and the Reinsurer entered into a Coinsurance and Modified Coinsurance Agreement (the EQUI-VEST Reinsurance Agreement ), pursuant to which Equitable Financial ceded to the Reinsurer, on a combined coinsurance and modified coinsurance basis, a quota share of approximately legacy Group EQUI-VEST deferred variable annuity contracts issued by Equitable Financial between 1980 and 2008, which predominately include Equitable Financial s highest guaranteed general account crediting rates of , supported by general account assets of approximately billion and billion of Separate Account value (the Reinsured Contracts ). The Reinsured Contracts predominately include certain of Equitable Financial s contracts that offer the highest guaranteed general account crediting rates of . At the closing of the Global Atlantic Transaction, the Reinsurer deposited assets supporting the general account liabilities relating to the Reinsured Contracts into a trust account for the benefit of Equitable Financial, which assets will secure its obligations to Equitable Financial under the EQUI-VEST Reinsurance Agreement. Commonwealth Annuity and Life Insurance Company, an insurance company domiciled in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and affiliate of the Reinsurer Commonwealth ), provided a guarantee of the Reinsurer s payment obligation to Equitable Financial under the EQUI-VEST Reinsurance Agreement. 
 The Company transferred assets of billion, including primarily available-for-sale securities, cash and policy loans as the consideration for the reinsurance transaction. In addition, the Company recorded billion of direct insurance liabilities ceded under the reinsurance contract included in amounts due from reinsurers and billion of deferred gain on cost of reinsurance included within other liabilities. Additionally, billion of Separate Account liabilities were ceded under a modified coinsurance portion of the agreement. 
 Venerable Reinsurance Transaction 
 On June 1, 2021, Holdings completed the sale (the Venerable Transaction of CS Life to Venerable Insurance and Annuity Company, an insurance company domiciled in Iowa VIAC ), pursuant to the Master Transaction Agreement, dated October 27, 2020 (the Master Transaction Agreement ), among the Company, VIAC and, solely with respect to Article XIV thereof, Venerable Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation Venerable ). VIAC issued a surplus note in aggregate principal amount of million, to Equitable Financial for cash consideration. 
 Immediately following the closing of the Venerable Transaction, CS Life and Equitable Financial entered into a coinsurance and modified coinsurance agreement (the Reinsurance Agreement ), pursuant to which Equitable Financial ceded to CS Life, on a combined coinsurance and modified coinsurance basis, the Block, comprised of non-New York Accumulator policies containing fixed rate Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit and/or Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefit guarantees. At the closing of the Transaction, CS Life deposited assets supporting the general account liabilities relating to the Block into a trust account for the benefit of Equitable Financial, which assets will secure its obligations to Equitable Financial under the Reinsurance Agreement. The Company transferred assets of billion, including primarily available for sale securities and cash, to a collateral trust account as the consideration for the reinsurance transaction. In addition, the Company recorded billion of direct insurance liabilities ceded under the reinsurance contract, of which billion is accounted at fair value, as the reinsurance of GMxB with no lapse guarantee riders are embedded derivatives. Additionally, billion of Separate Account liabilities were ceded under a modified coinsurance portion of the agreement. 
 69 

AXA EQUITABLE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 equity interest in Venerable s parent holding company, VA Capital Company LLC. In connection with such investment, EIMG designated a member to the Board of Managers of VA Capital Company LLC. 

2) 

70 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 billion. This is primarily due to accounting for our variable annuity guarantees that are not currently measured at fair value as MRBs in the extremely low interest rate environment as of January 1, 2021. For full year 2021, GAAP net income under LDTI basis is estimated to be billion higher than the previously reported 2021 net income of billion due to better alignment between MRB liabilities and our economic hedging program. As of December 31, 2021, the impact on total equity is a decrease of approximately billion and in line with our prior estimates. 
 
 The U.S. GAAP net income for full year 2022 is estimated to be positive and less volatile under LDTI. The estimated impact to total U.S. GAAP equity as of December 31, 2022, is expected to be significantly mitigated by the Company s present use of a near industry low interest rate assumption of on GMIB business that results in a positive impact from accounting for its variable annuity guarantees as MRBs under the guidance at December 31, 2022. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 72 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 million and billion, respectively, and is reported in other invested assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, demand deposits, money market accounts, overnight commercial paper and highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, the recorded value is deemed to approximate fair value. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

74 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

75 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

76 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 net of product weighted average Separate Accounts fees), and the gross maximum and minimum short-term annual rate of return limitations were net of product weighted average Separate Accounts fees) and (( net of product weighted average Separate Accounts fees), respectively. The maximum duration over which these rate limitations may be applied is . These assumptions of long-term growth are subject to assessment of the reasonableness of resulting estimates of future return assumptions. 
 In addition, projections of future mortality assumptions related to variable and interest-sensitive life products are based on a long-term average of actual experience. This assumption is updated periodically to reflect recent experience as it emerges. Improvement of life mortality in future periods from that currently projected would result in future deceleration of DAC amortization. Conversely, deterioration of life mortality in future periods from that currently projected would result in future acceleration of DAC amortization. 
 Other significant assumptions underlying gross profit estimates for UL and investment type products relate to contract persistency and General Account investment spread. 
 For participating traditional life policies (substantially all of which are in the Closed Block), DAC is amortized over the expected total life of the contract group as a constant percentage based on the present value of the estimated gross margin amounts expected to be realized over the life of the contracts using the expected investment yield. As of December 31, 2022, the average rate of assumed investment yields, excluding policy loans, for the Company was 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 in 2026. Estimated gross margins include anticipated premiums and investment results less claims and administrative expenses, changes in the net level premium reserve and expected annual policyholder dividends. The effect on the accumulated amortization of DAC of revisions to estimated gross margins is reflected in earnings in the period such estimated gross margins are revised. The effect on the DAC assets that would result from realization of unrealized gains (losses) is recognized with an offset to AOCI in consolidated equity as of the balance sheet date. Many of the factors that affect gross margins are included in the determination of the Company s dividends to these policyholders. DAC adjustments related to participating traditional life policies do not create significant volatility in results of operations as the Closed Block recognizes a cumulative policyholder dividend obligation expense in policyholders benefits for the excess of actual cumulative earnings over expected cumulative earnings as determined at the time of demutualization. 
 DAC associated with non-participating traditional life policies are amortized in proportion to anticipated premiums. Assumptions as to anticipated premiums are estimated at the date of policy issue and are consistently applied during the life of the contracts. Deviations from estimated experience are reflected in income (loss) in the period such deviations occur. For these contracts, the amortization periods generally are for the total life of the policy. DAC related to these policies are subject to recoverability testing as part of the Company s premium deficiency testing. If a premium deficiency exists, DAC are reduced by the amount of the deficiency or to zero through a charge to current period earnings (loss). If the deficiency exceeds the DAC balance, the reserve for future policy benefits is increased by the excess, reflected in earnings (loss) in the period such deficiency occurs. 
 For some products, policyholders can elect to modify product benefits, features, rights or coverages that occur by the exchange of a contract for a new contract, or by amendment, endorsement, or rider to a contract, or by election or coverage within a contract. These transactions are known as internal replacements. If such modification substantially changes the contract, the associated DAC is written off immediately through income and any new deferrable costs associated with the replacement contract are deferred. If the modification does not substantially change the contract, the DAC amortization on the original contract will continue and any acquisition costs associated with the related modification are expensed. 

78 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

to (weighted average of for approximately of life insurance liabilities and from to (weighted average of for annuity liabilities. 
 Individual health benefit liabilities for active lives are estimated using the net level premium method and assumptions as to future morbidity, withdrawals and interest. Benefit liabilities for disabled lives are estimated using the present value of benefits method and experience assumptions as to claim terminations, expenses and interest. While management believes its DI reserves have been calculated on a reasonable basis and are adequate, there can be no assurance reserves will be sufficient to provide for future liabilities. 
 Obligations arising from funding agreements are also reported in policyholders account balances in the consolidated balance sheets. As a member of the FHLB, the Company has access to collateralized borrowings. The Company may also issue funding agreements to the FHLB. Both the collateralized borrowings and funding agreements would require the Company to pledge qualified mortgage-backed assets and/or government securities as collateral. 
 The Company has issued and continues to offer certain variable annuity products with GMDB and/or contain a GMLB (collectively, the GMxB features which, if elected by the policyholder after a stipulated waiting period from contract issuance, guarantees a minimum lifetime annuity based on predetermined annuity purchase rates that may be in excess of what the contract account value can purchase at then-current annuity purchase rates. This minimum lifetime annuity is based on predetermined annuity purchase rates applied to a GMIB base. The Company previously issued certain variable annuity products with GIB, GWBL, GMWB and GMAB features. The Company has also assumed reinsurance for products with GMxB features. 
 Reserves for products that have GMIB features, but do not have no-lapse guarantee features, and products with GMDB features are determined by estimating the expected value of death or income benefits in excess of the projected contract accumulation value and recognizing the excess over the estimated life based on expected assessments (i.e., benefit ratio). The liability equals the current benefit ratio multiplied by cumulative assessments recognized to date, 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

80 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

. Capitalized amounts are periodically tested for impairment in accordance with the guidance on impairment of long-lived assets. An immediate charge to earnings is recognized if capitalized computer costs no longer are deemed to be recoverable. In addition, service potential is periodically reassessed to determine whether facts and circumstances have compressed the software s useful life or a significant change in the term of the hosting arrangement such that acceleration of amortization over a shorter period than initially determined would be required. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization of capitalized computer software and hosting arrangements in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively, recorded in other operating costs and expenses in the consolidated statements of income (loss). 

82 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

million and million, respectively related to these VIEs. 
 Non-Consolidated VIEs 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company held approximately billion and billion of investment assets in the form of equity interests issued by non-corporate legal entities determined under the guidance to be VIEs, such as limited partnerships and limited liability companies, including CLOs, hedge funds, private equity funds and real estate-related funds. As an equity investor, the Company is considered to have a variable interest in each of these VIEs as a result of its participation in the risks and/or rewards these funds were designed to create by their defined portfolio objectives and strategies. Primarily through qualitative assessment, including consideration of related party interests or other financial arrangements, if any, the Company was not identified as primary beneficiary of any of these VIEs, largely due to its inability to direct the activities that most significantly impact their economic 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s maximum exposure to loss from its direct involvement with these VIEs is the carrying value of its investment of billion and billion and approximately billion and billion of unfunded commitments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company has no further economic interest in these VIEs in the form of guarantees, derivatives, credit enhancements or similar instruments and obligations. 
 
 historical average over a period. As such, the U.S. Treasury yield grades from the current level to an ultimate average of . 
 The low interest rate environment and update to the interest rate assumption caused a loss recognition event for the Company s life interest-sensitive products, as well as to certain run-off business. This loss recognition event caused an acceleration of DAC amortization on the life interest-sensitive products and an increase in the premium deficiency reserve on the run-off business in the first quarter of 2020. 
 Impact of Assumption Updates 
 The net impact of assumption changes during 2022 decreased policy charges and fee income by million, decreased policyholders benefits by million, increased interest credited to policyholders account balances by million, increased net derivative losses by million, and decreased amortization of DAC by million. This resulted in an increase in income (loss) from operations, before income taxes of million and increased net income (loss) by million. 
 The net impact of assumption changes during 2021 decreased policy charges and fee income by million, decreased policyholders benefits by million, decreased net derivative gains by million, and decreased amortization of DAC by million. This resulted in a decrease in income (loss) from operations, before income taxes of million and decreased net income (loss) by million. As part of this annual update completed as of September 30, 2021, the reference interest rate utilized in our GAAP fair value calculations was updated from the LIBOR swap curve to the US Treasury curve, which represents a reasonable proxy of the cost of funding the derivative positions backing our GMxB liabilities. Concurrently, our GAAP fair value liability risk margins were increased which when considered with the change from LIBOR, resulted in an immaterial impact to overall valuation as our view regarding market participant pricing of our guarantees has not changed at the time of this update. 
 The net impact of assumption changes during 2020 was a decrease in policy charges and fee income by million, an increase in policyholders benefits of billion, an increase of million in interest credited to policyholders account balances, increased net derivative gains (losses) of million, and increased amortization of DAC of million. This resulted in a decrease in income (loss) from operations, before income taxes of billion and decreased net income (loss) by billion. The 2020 impacts related to assumption updates were primarily driven by the first quarter updates. 
 Model Changes 
 There were no material model changes in 2022 and 2021. 
 In the first quarter of 2020, the Company adopted a new economic scenario generator to calculate the fair value of the GMIB reinsurance contract asset and GMxB derivative features liability, eliminating reliance on AXA for scenario production. The new economic scenario generator allows for a tighter calibration of U.S. indices, better reflecting the Company s actual portfolio. The net impact of the new economic scenario generator resulted in an increase in income 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 million, and an increase to net income (loss) of million during 2020. 
 
 3) 
 million and million, respectively. There was accrued interest written off for AFS fixed maturities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 U.S. Treasury, government and agency States and political subdivisions Foreign governments Residential mortgage-backed (2) Asset-backed (3) Commercial mortgage-backed Redeemable preferred stock 
 Total at December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021: Fixed Maturities: Corporate (1) U.S. Treasury, government and agency States and political subdivisions Foreign governments Residential mortgage-backed (2) Asset-backed (3) Commercial mortgage-backed Redeemable preferred stock Total at December 31, 2021 
 ______________ 
 (1) Corporate fixed maturities include both public and private issues. 
 (2) Includes publicly traded agency pass-through securities and collateralized obligations. 
 (3) Includes credit-tranched securities collateralized by sub-prime mortgages, credit risk transfer securities and other asset types. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Due in years two through five Due in years six through ten Due after ten years Subtotal Residential mortgage-backed Asset-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Redeemable preferred stock Total at December 31, 2022 
 
 Gross gains on sales Gross losses on sales ) ) ) Net (increase) decrease in Allowance for Credit and Intent to Sell losses (1) ) ) ) 
 ______________ 
 million related to the Global Atlantic Transaction. See Note 11 of the Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on the Global Atlantic Transaction. 
 Previously recognized impairments on securities that matured, paid, prepaid or sold ) ) Recognized impairments on securities impaired to fair value this period (1) (2) Credit losses recognized this period on securities for which credit losses were not previously recognized Additional credit losses this period on securities previously impaired Increases due to passage of time on previously recorded credit losses Accretion of previously recognized impairments due to increases in expected cash flows (for OTTI securities 2019 and prior) Balance at December 31, 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 million related to the Global Atlantic Transaction. See Note 11 of the Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on the Global Atlantic Transaction. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

88 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

) ) ) Net investment gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) Reclassification adjustment: Included in net income (loss) Other (1) ) ) Impact of net unrealized investment gains (losses) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) excluding credit losses ) ) ) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) with credit losses ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Balance, January 1, 2021 ) ) ) Net investment gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) Reclassification adjustment: Included in net income (loss) ) ) Other (2) ) ) Impact of net unrealized investment gains (losses) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) excluding credit losses ) ) ) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) with credit losses Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Balance, January 1, 2020 ) ) ) Net investment gains (losses) arising during the period Reclassification adjustment: Included in Net income (loss) ) ) Impact of net unrealized investment gains (losses) ) ) ) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) excluding credit losses ) ) ) Net unrealized investment gains (losses) with credit losses ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) ) 
 _____________ 
 (1) Reflects a Deferred Tax Asset valuation allowance of billion recorded during the fourth quarter of 2022. See Note 14 o f the Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. 
 (2) Effective January 1, 2021, certain preferred stock have been reclassified to other equity investments. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

issues as of December 31, 2022 and the issues as of December 31, 2021 that are not deemed to have credit losses, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for the specified periods at the dates indicated: 
 AFS Fixed Maturities in an Unrealized Loss Position for Which No Allowance Is Recorded 
 Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses (in millions) December 31, 2022 Fixed Maturities: Corporate U.S. Treasury, government and agency States and political subdivisions Foreign governments Residential mortgage-backed Asset-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Total at December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021: Fixed Maturities: Corporate U.S. Treasury, government and agency States and political subdivisions Foreign governments Asset-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Total at December 31, 2021 
 The Company s investments in fixed maturities do not include concentrations of credit risk of any single issuer greater than 10 of the consolidated equity of the Company, other than securities of the U.S. government, U.S. government agencies, and certain securities guaranteed by the U.S. government. The Company maintains a diversified portfolio of corporate securities across industries and issuers and does not have exposure to any single issuer in excess of of total corporate securities. The largest exposures to a single issuer of corporate securities held as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively, representing and of the consolidated equity of the Company. 
 Corporate high yield securities, consisting primarily of public high yield bonds, are classified as other than investment grade by the various rating agencies, i.e., a rating below Baa3/BBB- or the NAIC designation of 3 (medium investment grade), 4 or 5 (below investment grade) or 6 (in or near default). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, approximately billion and billion, or and , of the billion and billion aggregate amortized cost of fixed maturities held by the Company were considered to be other than investment grade. These securities had gross unrealized losses of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the billion and million of gross unrealized losses of twelve months or more were primarily concentrated in corporate securities. In accordance with the policy described in Note 2 of t he Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company concluded that an adjustment to allowance for credit losses for these securities was not warranted at either December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not intend to sell the securities nor will it likely be required to dispose of the securities before the anticipated recovery of their remaining amortized cost basis. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 million and million, respectively. There was accrued interest written off for commercial and agricultural mortgage loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had loans for which foreclosure was probable included within the individually assessed mortgage loans, and accordingly had associated allowance for credit losses. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Mortgage Loans 
 Current-period provision for expected credit losses ) Write-offs charged against the allowance Recoveries of amounts previously written off Net change in allowance ) Balance, end of period Agricultural mortgages: Balance, beginning of period Current-period provision for expected credit losses Write-offs charged against the allowance Recoveries of amounts previously written off Net change in allowance Balance, end of period Total allowance for credit losses 
 
 The change in the allowance for credit losses is attributable to: 
 increases/decreases in the loan balance due to new originations, maturing mortgages, and loan amortization and 
 changes in credit quality and economic assumptions. 
 Credit Quality Information 

91 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

50 - 70 70 - 90 90 plus Total commercial Agricultural: 0 - 50 50 - 70 70 - 90 90 plus Total agricultural Total mortgage loans: 0 - 50 50 - 70 70 - 90 90 plus Total mortgage loans 
 
 Debt Service Coverage DSC Ratios (2) 
 
 December 31, 2022 Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior Revolving Loans Amortized Cost Basis Revolving Loans Converted to Term Loans Amortized Cost Basis Total (in millions) Mortgage loans: Commercial: Greater than 2.0x 1.8x to 2.0x 1.5x to 1.8x 1.2x to 1.5x 1.0x to 1.2x Less than 1.0x 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Agricultural: Greater than 2.0x 1.8x to 2.0x 1.5x to 1.8x 1.2x to 1.5x 1.0x to 1.2x Less than 1.0x Total agricultural Total mortgage loans: Greater than 2.0x 1.8x to 2.0x 1.5x to 1.8x 1.2x to 1.5x 1.0x to 1.2x Less than 1.0x Total mortgage loans 
 _____________ 
 (1) The LTV ratio is derived from current loan balance divided by the fair value of the property. The fair value of the underlying commercial properties is updated annually for each mortgage loan. 
 (2) The DSC ratio is calculated using the most recently reported operating income results from property operations divided by annual debt service. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 50 - 70 70 - 90 90 plus Total commercial Agricultural: 0 - 50 50 - 70 70 - 90 90 plus Total agricultural Total mortgage loans: 0 - 50 50 - 70 70 - 90 90 plus Total mortgage loans 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 1.8x to 2.0x 1.5x to 1.8x 1.2x to 1.5x 1.0x to 1.2x Less than 1.0x Total commercial Agricultural: Greater than 2.0x 1.8x to 2.0x 1.5x to 1.8x 1.2x to 1.5x 1.0x to 1.2x Less than 1.0x Total agricultural Total mortgage loans: Greater than 2.0x 1.8x to 2.0x 1.5x to 1.8x 1.2x to 1.5x 1.0x to 1.2x Less than 1.0x Total mortgage loans 
 _____________ 
 (1) The LTV ratio is derived from current loan balance divided by the fair value of the property. The fair value of the underlying commercial properties is updated annually for each mortgage loan. 
 (2) The DSC ratio is calculated using the most recently reported operating income results from property operations divided by annual debt service. 
 Past-Due and Nonaccrual Mortgage Loan Status 

95 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Agricultural Total December 31, 2021: Mortgage loans: Commercial Agricultural Total 
 _______________ 
 (1) Amounts presented at amortized cost basis. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying values of problem mortgage loans that had been classified as non-accrual loans were million and million, respectively. The carrying values of those mortgage loans are presented net of an allowance of million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Troubled Debt Restructuring 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company identified an immaterial amount of TDRs. 
 Equity Securities) Net investment gains (losses) recognized on securities sold during the period ) ) Unrealized and realized gains (losses) on equity securities ) 
 Trading Securities 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the fair value of the Company s trading securities was million and million. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, trading securities included the General Account s investment in Separate Accounts had carrying values of million and million. 

96 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued ) Net investment gains (losses) recognized on securities sold during the period ) Unrealized and realized gains (losses) on trading securities ) ) Interest and dividend income from trading securities Net investment income (loss) from trading securities ) 

Mortgage loans on real estate Other equity investments Policy loans Trading securities ) Other investment income Gross investment income (loss) Investment expenses ) ) ) Net investment income (loss) 
 Investment Gains (Losses), Net) Mortgage loans on real estate ) ) Other equity investments (1) 
 Other ) ) Investment gains (losses), net ) 
 _____________ 
 (1) Investment gains (losses), net of Other equity investments includes Real Estate Held for production during the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, investment results passed through to certain participating group annuity contracts as interest credited to policyholders account balances totaled million, million and million. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 4) 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 or less and are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value, including the yield component that emerges from initial amounts paid or received, reported in net derivative gains (losses). 
 The Company manages its credit exposure taking into consideration both cash and derivatives based positions and selects the reference entities in its replicated credit exposures in a manner consistent with its selection of fixed maturities. In addition, the Company generally transacts the sale of CDS in single name reference entities of investment grade credit quality and with counterparties subject to collateral posting requirements. If there is an event of default by the reference entity or other such credit event as defined under the terms of the swap contract, the Company is obligated to perform under the credit derivative and, at its option, either pay the referenced amount of the contract less an auction-determined recovery amount or pay the referenced amount of the contract and receive in return the defaulted or similar security of the reference entity for recovery by sale at the contract settlement auction. The Company purchased CDS to mitigate its exposure to a reference entity through cash positions. These positions do not replicate credit spreads. 
 To date, there have been no events of default or circumstances indicative of a deterioration in the credit quality of the named referenced entities to require or suggest that the Company will have to perform under the CDS that it sold. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under the credit derivatives sold is limited to the par value of the referenced securities which is the dollar or euro-equivalent of the derivative s notional amount. The Standard North American CDS Contract or Standard European Corporate Contract under which the Company executes these CDS sales transactions does not contain recourse provisions for recovery of amounts paid under the credit derivative. 
 The Company purchased 30-year TIPS and other sovereign bonds, both inflation-linked and non-inflation linked, as General Account investments and enters into asset or cross-currency basis swaps, to result in payment of the given bond s coupons and principal at maturity in the bond s specified currency to the swap counterparty in return for fixed dollar amounts. These swaps, when considered in combination with the bonds, together result in a net position that is intended to replicate a dollar-denominated fixed-coupon cash bond with a yield higher than a term-equivalent U.S. Treasury bond. 
 Derivatives Utilized to Hedge Exposure to Foreign Currency Denominated Cash Flows 
 The Company purchases private placement debt securities and issues funding agreements in the FABN program in currencies other than its functional U.S. dollar currency. The Company enters into cross currency swaps with external counterparties to hedge the exposure of the foreign currency denominated cash flows of these instruments. The foreign currency received from or paid to the cross currency swap counterparty is exchanged for fixed U.S. dollar amounts with improved net investment yields or net product costs over equivalent U.S. dollar denominated instruments issued at that time. The transactions are accounted for as cash flow hedges when they are designated in hedging relationships and qualify for hedge accounting. The first cross currency swap hedges were designated and applied hedge accounting during the quarter ended June 30, 2021. 
 These cross currency swaps are for the period the foreign currency denominated private placement debt securities and funding agreement are outstanding, with the longest cross currency swap expiring in 2033. Since these cross currency swaps are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, the corresponding interest accruals are recognized in Net investment income and in Interest credited to policyholders account balances. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Interest swaps Total: designated for hedge accounting Derivatives: not designated for hedge accounting (1) Equity contracts: Futures Swaps Options Interest rate contracts: Futures Swaps Credit contracts: Credit default swaps Currency contracts: Currency swaps Other freestanding contracts: Margin Collateral Total: Not designated for hedge accounting Embedded derivatives: Amounts due from reinsurers (5) GMIB reinsurance contracts (2) GMxB derivative features liability (3) SCS, SIO, MSO and IUL indexed features (4) Total embedded derivatives Total derivative instruments 
 ______________ 
 (1) Reported in other invested assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Reported in GMIB reinsurance contract asset in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (3) Reported in future policy benefits and other policyholders liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (4) Reported in policyholders account balances in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (5) Represents GMIB NLG ceded related to the Venerable Transaction. 

100 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 ) ) ) Interest Swaps ) ) ) ) ) Total: Designated for hedge accounting ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Derivatives: Not designated for hedge accounting Equity contracts: Futures ) ) Swaps ) ) Options ) Interest rate contracts: Futures ) ) Swaps ) ) Credit contracts: Credit default swaps Currency contracts: Currency swaps ) Total: Not designated for hedge accounting ) ) Embedded Derivatives: Amounts due from reinsurers ) GMIB reinsurance contracts ) ) GMxB derivative features liability ) SCS, SIO, MSO and IUL indexed features ) ) Total Embedded Derivatives ) ) Total derivatives instruments ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 ______________ 
 (1) Reported in net derivative gains (losses) in the consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 (2) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, investment fees of million, million and million, respectively, are reported in net derivative gains (losses) in the consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 . 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued ) ) Amount recorded in AOCI Currency swaps ) Interest swaps ) ) Total amount recorded in AOCI ) ) Amount reclassified from AOCI to income Currency swaps (1) ) Interest swaps (1) Total amount reclassified from AOCI to income Balance, end of period (2) ) ) 
 ______________ 
 (1) Currency swaps reclassified from AOCI to income are reported in net investment income in the consolidated statements of income (loss). Interest swaps reclassified from AOCI to income are reported in net derivative gains (losses) in the consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 (2) The Company does not estimate the amount of the deferred losses in AOCI at years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 which will be released and reclassified into Net income (loss) over the next 12 months as the amounts cannot be reasonably estimated. 
 Equity-Based and Treasury Futures Contracts Margin 
 All outstanding equity-based and treasury futures contracts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are exchange-traded and net settled daily in cash. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company had open exchange-traded futures positions on: (i) the S P 500, Nasdaq, Russell 2000 and Emerging Market indices, having initial margin requirements of million and million, (ii) the 2-year, 5-year and 10-year U.S. Treasury Notes on U.S. Treasury bonds and ultra-long bonds, having initial margin requirements of million and million, and (iii) the Euro Stoxx, FTSE 100, Topix, ASX 200 and EAFE indices as well as corresponding currency futures on the Euro/U.S. dollar, Pound/U.S. dollar, Australian dollar/U.S. dollar, and Yen/U.S. dollar, having initial margin requirements of million and million. 
 Collateral Arrangements 
 The Company generally has executed a CSA under the ISDA Master Agreement it maintains with each of its OTC derivative counterparties that requires both posting and accepting collateral either in the form of cash or high-quality securities, such as U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. government and government agency securities and investment grade corporate bonds. The Company nets the fair value of all derivative financial instruments with counterparties for which an ISDA Master Agreement and related CSA have been executed. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company held billion and billion in cash and securities collateral delivered by trade counterparties, representing the fair value of the related derivative agreements. The unrestricted cash collateral is reported in other invested assets. The Company posted collateral of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in the normal operation of its collateral arrangements. The Company is exposed to losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties to financial derivative transactions with a positive fair value. The Company manages credit risk by: (i) entering into derivative transactions with highly rated major international financial institutions and other creditworthy counterparties governed by master netting agreements, as applicable; (ii) trading through central clearing and OTC parties; (iii) obtaining collateral, such as cash and securities, when appropriate; and (iv) setting limits on single party credit exposures which are subject to periodic management review. 
 Substantially all of the Company s derivative agreements have zero thresholds which require daily full collateralization by the party in a liability position. In addition, certain of the Company s derivative agreements contain credit-risk related contingent features; if the credit rating of one of the parties to the derivative agreement is to 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 ) Other financial assets Other invested assets ) Liabilities: Derivative liabilities Other financial liabilities Other liabilities 
 ______________ 
 (1) Financial instruments sent (held). 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 Gross Amount Recognized 
 Gross Amount Offset in the Balance Sheets 
 Net Amount Presented in the Balance Sheets 
 Gross Amount not Offset in the Balance Sheets (1) 
 Net Amount 
 (in millions) Assets: Derivative assets ) Other financial assets Other invested assets ) Liabilities: Derivative liabilities Other financial liabilities Other liabilities 
 ______________ 
 (1) Financial instruments sent (held). 
 
 5) 

103 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

Policyholder dividend obligation Other liabilities Total Closed Block liabilities Assets Designated to the Closed Block: Fixed maturities AFS, at fair value (amortized cost of and (allowance for credit losses of and 
 Mortgage loans on real estate (net of allowance for credit losses of and 
 Policy loans Cash and other invested assets Other assets Total assets designated to the Closed Block Excess of Closed Block liabilities over assets designated to the Closed Block Amounts included in AOCI: Net unrealized investment gains (losses), net of policyholders dividend obligation: and ; and net of income tax: and 
 ) Maximum future earnings to be recognized from Closed Block assets and liabilities 

104 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Net investment income (loss) Investment gains (losses), net ) Total revenues Benefits and Other Deductions: Policyholders benefits and dividends Other operating costs and expenses Total benefits and other deductions Net income (loss), before income taxes Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) Net income (loss) 

Unrealized investment gains (losses) ) Ending balance 

6) 
 Capitalization of commissions, sales and issue expenses Amortization: Impact of assumptions updates and model changes ) All other ) ) ) Total amortization ) ) ) Change in unrealized investment gains and losses Balance, end of year 

105 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Amortization charged to income ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 
 7) 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

U.S. Treasury, government and agency States and political subdivisions Foreign governments Residential mortgage-backed (2) Asset-backed (3) Commercial mortgage-backed Redeemable preferred stock Total fixed maturities, AFS Other equity investments Trading securities Other invested assets: Short-term investments Assets of consolidated VIEs/VOEs Swaps ) ) Credit default swaps ) ) Options Total other invested assets 
 
 Cash equivalents Amounts due from reinsurer (5) GMIB reinsurance contracts asset Separate Accounts assets (4) Total Assets Liabilities: GMxB derivative features liability SCS, SIO, MSO and IUL indexed features liability Total Liabilities 
 ______________ 
 (1) Corporate fixed maturities includes both public and private issues. 
 (2) Includes publicly traded agency pass-through securities and collateralized obligations. 
 (3) Includes credit-tranched securities collateralized by sub-prime mortgages, credit risk transfer securities and other asset types. 
 (4) Separate Accounts assets included in the fair value hierarchy exclude investments in entities that calculate NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient. Such investments excluded from the fair value hierarchy include investments in real estate. As of December 31, 2022 the fair value of such investments was million. 
 (5) This represents GMIB NLG ceded reserves related to Venerable Transaction. See Note 1 of the Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements for details of the Venerable Transaction. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 U.S. Treasury, government and agency States and political subdivisions Foreign governments Residential mortgage-backed (2) Asset-backed (3) Commercial mortgage-backed Redeemable preferred stock Total fixed maturities, AFS Other equity investments Trading securities Other invested assets: Short-term investments Assets of consolidated VIEs/VOEs Swaps ) ) Credit default swaps ) ) Options Total other invested assets Cash equivalents Amounts due from reinsurer (5) 
 GMIB reinsurance contracts asset Separate Accounts assets (4) Total Assets Liabilities: GMxB derivative features liability SCS, SIO, MSO and IUL indexed features liability Total Liabilities 
 ______________ 
 (1) Corporate fixed maturities includes both public and private issues. 
 (2) Includes publicly traded agency pass-through securities and collateralized obligations. 
 (3) Includes credit-tranched securities collateralized by sub-prime mortgages and other asset types and credit tenant loans. 
 (4) Separate Accounts assets included in the fair value hierarchy exclude investments in entities that calculate NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient. Such investments excluded from the fair value hierarchy include investments in real estate and commercial mortgages. As of December 31, 2021 the fair value of such investments was million. 
 (5) This represents GMIB NLG ceded reserves related to the Venerable Transaction. See Note 1 of the Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements for details of the Venerable Transaction. 
 
 Public Fixed Maturities 
 The fair values of the Company s public fixed maturities are generally based on prices obtained from independent valuation service providers and for which the Company maintains a vendor hierarchy by asset type based on historical pricing experience and vendor expertise. Although each security generally is priced by multiple independent valuation service providers, the Company ultimately uses the price received from the independent valuation service provider highest in the vendor hierarchy based on the respective asset type, with limited exception. To validate reasonableness, prices also are internally reviewed by those with relevant expertise through comparison with directly observed recent 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 109 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to recognize incremental counterparty non-performance risk. 
 After giving consideration to collateral arrangements, the Company reduced the fair value of its Amounts due from Reinsurers by million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021 to recognize incremental counterparty non-performance risk. 
 Lapse rates are adjusted at the contract level based on a comparison of the actuarial calculated guaranteed values and the current policyholder account value, which include other factors such as considering surrender charges. Generally, lapse rates are assumed to be lower in periods when a surrender charge applies. A dynamic lapse function reduces the 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 million were transferred out of Level 3 and into Level 2 principally due to the availability of trading activity and/or market observable inputs to measure and validate their fair values. In addition, fixed maturities with fair value of million were transferred from Level 2 into the Level 3 classification. These transfers in the aggregate represent approximately of total equity as of December 31, 2022. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, fixed maturities with fair values of million were transferred out of Level 3 and into Level 2 principally due to the availability of trading activity and/or market observable inputs to measure and validate their fair values. In addition, fixed maturities with fair value of million were transferred from Level 2 into the Level 3 classification. These transfers in the aggregate represent approximately of total equity as of December 31, 2021. 

Total gains and (losses), realized and unrealized, included in: Net income (loss) as: Net investment income (loss) Investment gains (losses), net ) Subtotal Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Purchases Sales ) ) ) Activity related to consolidated VIEs/VOEs Transfers into Level 3 (1) Transfers out of Level 3 (1) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in earnings for instruments held at the end of the reporting period (2) Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in other comprehensive income for instruments held at the end of the reporting period (2) ) ) ) Balance, January 1, 2021 Total gains and (losses), realized and unrealized, included in: Net income (loss) as: Net investment income (loss) Investment gains (losses), net ) Subtotal ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Sales ) ) ) Activity related to consolidated VIEs/VOEs Transfers into Level 3 (1) Transfers out of Level 3 (1) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in earnings for instruments held at the end of the reporting period (2) Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in other comprehensive income for instruments held at the end of the reporting period (2) ) Balance, January 1, 2020 Total gains and (losses), realized and unrealized, included in: Net income (loss) as: Net investment income (loss) Investment gains (losses), net ) Subtotal ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Purchases Sales ) ) Transfers into Level 3 (1) Transfers out of Level 3 (1) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in earnings for instruments held at the end of the reporting period (2) Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in other comprehensive income for instruments held at the end of the reporting period (2) ) 
 _______________ 
 (1) Transfers into/out of the Level 3 classification are reflected at beginning-of-period fair values. 
 (2) For instruments held as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts are included in net investment income or net derivative gains (losses) in the consolidated statements of income (loss) or unrealized gains (losses) on investments in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 

) Realized and unrealized gains (losses), included in Net income (loss) as: Investment gains (losses), reported in net investment income Net derivative gains (losses) (1) ) ) Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) ) 
 ) ) 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) Purchases (2) ) Sales (3) ) ) Change of estimate Activity related to consolidated VIEs/VOEs ) 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Transfers out of Level 3 (4) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in earnings for instruments held at the end of the reporting period (5) ) ) ) Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in other comprehensive income for instruments held at the end of the reporting period (5) Balance, January 1, 2021 ) Realized and unrealized gains (losses), included in Net income (loss) as: Investment gains (losses), reported in net investment income Net derivative gains (losses) ) Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) 
 ) 
 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) Purchases (2) ) Sales (3) ) ) ) Other Activity related to consolidated VIEs/VOEs ) Transfers into Level 3 (4) Transfers out of Level 3 (4) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in earnings for instruments held at the end of the reporting period (5) ) Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in other comprehensive income for instruments held at the end of the reporting period (5) Balance, January 1, 2020 ) Realized and unrealized gains (losses), included in Net income (loss) as: Investment gains (losses), reported in net investment income Net derivative gains (losses) ) Total realized and unrealized gains (losses) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Purchases (2) ) Sales (3) ) Change in estimate ) Activity related to consolidated VIEs/VOEs ) Transfers into Level 3 (4) Transfers out of Level 3 (4) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in earnings for instruments held at the end of the reporting period (5) ) Change in unrealized gains or losses for the period included in other comprehensive income for instruments held at the end of the reporting period (5) 
 _______________ 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 million, million and million for the GMxB Derivative Features Liability million, million and million for the GMIB Reinsurance Contract Asset, and million, million and for the Amounts due from Reinsurers, respectively, is recorded through Net derivative gains (losses). 
 (2) For the GMIB reinsurance contract asset, Amounts Due from Reinsurers and GMxB derivative features liability, represents attributed fee. 
 (3) For the GMIB reinsurance contract asset and Amounts Due from Reinsurers, represents recoveries from reinsurers and for GMxB derivative features liability represents benefits paid. 
 (4) Transfers into/out of the Level 3 classification are reflected at beginning-of-period fair values. 
 (5) For instruments held as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts are included in net investment income or net derivative gains (losses) in the consolidated statements of income (loss) or unrealized gains (losses) on investments in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 
 Matrix pricing model Spread over Benchmark 
 bps - bps 
 bps 
 Market comparable companies EBITDA multiples 
 Discount Rate 
 Cash flow Multiples 
 Loan to Value 
 x - x 
 - 
 x - x 
 - 
 x 
 
 x 
 
 Other equity investments Market comparable companies Revenue multiple 
 x - x 
 x 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Discounted cash flow Lapse rates 
 Withdrawal Rates 
 GMIB Utilization Rates 
 Non-performance risk 
 Volatility rates - Equity 
 Mortality: Ages 0-40 
 Ages 41-60 
 Ages 61-115 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 bps - bps 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

bps 

(same for all ages) 
 (same for all ages) 
 Amount Due from Reinsurers Discounted Cash Flow Lapse rates 
 Withdrawal Rates 
 GMIB Utilization Rates 
 Non-performance risk (bps) 
 Volatility rates - Equity 
 Mortality: Ages 0-40 
 Ages 41-60 
 Ages 61-115 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 bps 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

bps 

(same for all ages) 
 (same for all ages) 
 Liabilities: GMIB NLG Discounted cash flow Non-performance risk 
 Lapse 
 Withdrawal 
 Annuitization 
 Mortality (1): Ages 0-40 
 Ages 41-60 
 Ages 61-115 
 
 bps 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 bps 

(same for all ages) 
 (same for all ages) 
 GWBL/GMWB Discounted cash flow Lapse rates 
 Withdrawal Rates 
 Utilization Rates 
 Volatility rates - Equity 
 Non-performance risk 
 - 
 - 
 once starting 
 - 
 bps 

GIB ) Discounted cash flow Lapse rates 
 Withdrawal Rates 
 Utilization Rates 
 Volatility rates - Equity 
 Non-performance risk 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 bps 

GMAB ) Discounted cash flow Lapse rates 
 Volatility rates - Equity 
 Non-performance risk 
 
 - 
 - 
 bps 

______________ 
 (1) Mortality rates vary by age and demographic characteristic such as gender. Mortality rate assumptions are based on a combination of company and industry experience. A mortality improvement assumption is also applied. For any given contract, mortality rates vary throughout the period over which cash flows are projected for purposes of valuating the embedded derivatives. 
 (2) For lapses, withdrawals, and utilizations the rates were weighted by counts, for mortality weighted average rates are shown for all ages combined and for withdrawals the weighted averages were based on an estimated split of partial withdrawal and dollar-for-dollar withdrawals. 
 Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2021 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Valuation Technique 
 Significant 
 Unobservable Input 
 Range 
 Weighted Average (2) (in millions) Assets: Investments: Fixed maturities, AFS: Corporate Matrix pricing model Spread over benchmark 
 - bps 
 bps 
 Market comparable companies EBITDA multiples Discount rate 
 Cash flow multiples 
 Loan to Value 
 x - x 
 - 
 x - x 
 - 
 x 
 
 x 

115 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Market comparable companies Revenue multiple 
 x - x 
 x 
 GMIB reinsurance contract asset Discounted cash flow Non-performance risk 
 Lapse rates 
 Withdrawal rates 
 Utilization rates 
 Volatility rates - Equity 
 Mortality rates (1): 
 Ages 0 - 40 
 Ages 41 - 60 
 Ages 61 - 115 
 bps - bps 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 bps 

(same for all ages) 
 (same for all ages) 
 Amount Due from Reinsurers Discounted cash flow Non-performance risk 
 Lapse rates 
 Withdrawal rates 
 Utilization rates 
 Volatility rates - Equity 
 Mortality rates (1): 
 Ages 0 - 40 
 Ages 41 - 60 
 Ages 61 - 115 
 bps 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

bps 

(same for all ages) 
 (same for all ages) 
 Liabilities: GMIB NLG Discounted cash flow Non-performance risk 
 Lapse rates 
 Withdrawal rates 
 Annuitization rates 
 Mortality rates (1): 
 Ages 0 - 40 
 Ages 41 - 60 
 Ages 61 - 115 
 bps 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 bps 

(same for all ages) 
 (same for all ages) 
 GWBL/GMWB Discounted cash flow Non-performance risk 
 Lapse rates 
 Withdrawal rates 
 Utilization rates 
 Volatility rates - Equity 
 bps 
 - 
 - 
 once starting 
 - 

GIB ) Discounted cash flow Non-performance risk 
 Lapse rates 
 Withdrawal rates 
 Utilization rates 
 Volatility rates - Equity 
 bps 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

GMAB ) Discounted cash flow Non-performance risk 
 Lapse rates 
 Volatility rates - Equity 
 bps 
 - 
 - 

______________ 
 (1) Mortality rates vary by age and demographic characteristic such as gender. Mortality rate assumptions are based on a combination of company and industry experience. A mortality improvement assumption is also applied. For any given contract, mortality rates vary throughout the period over which cash flows are projected for purposes of valuating the embedded derivatives. 
 (2) For lapses, withdrawals, and utilizations the rates were weighted by counts, for mortality weighted average rates are shown for all ages combined and for withdrawals the weighted averages were based on an estimated split of partial withdrawal and dollar-for-dollar withdrawals. 
 Level 3 Financial Instruments for which Quantitative Inputs are Not Available 
 Certain Privately Placed Debt Securities with Limited Trading Activity 
 Excluded from the tables above as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are approximately million and million of Level 3 fair value measurements of investments for which the underlying quantitative inputs are not developed by the Company and are not readily available. These investments primarily consist of certain privately placed debt securities with limited trading activity, including residential mortgage- and asset-backed instruments, and their fair values generally reflect unadjusted prices obtained from independent valuation service providers and indicative, non-binding quotes obtained from third-party broker-dealers recognized as market participants. Significant increases or decreases in the fair value amounts received from these pricing sources may result in the Company s reporting significantly higher or lower fair value measurements for these Level 3 investments. 
 The fair value of private placement securities is determined by application of a matrix pricing model or a market comparable company value technique. The significant unobservable input to the matrix pricing model valuation technique is the spread over the industry-specific benchmark yield curve. Generally, an increase or 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

117 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Policy loans Loans to affiliates Policyholders liabilities: Investment contracts FHLB funding agreements FABN funding agreements Separate Accounts liabilities December 31, 2021: Mortgage loans on real estate Policy loans Loans to affiliates Policyholders liabilities: Investment contracts 
 FHLB funding agreements 
 FABN funding agreements Separate Accounts liabilities 
 
 Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 Fair values for commercial and agricultural mortgage loans on real estate are measured by discounting future contractual cash flows to be received on the mortgage loan using interest rates at which loans with similar characteristics and credit quality would be made. The discount rate is derived based on the appropriate U.S. Treasury rate with a like term to the remaining term of the loan to which a spread reflective of the risk premium associated with the specific loan is added. Fair values for mortgage loans anticipated to be foreclosed and problem mortgage loans are limited to the fair value of the underlying collateral, if lower. 
 Policy Loans 
 The fair value of policy loans is calculated by discounting expected cash flows based upon the U.S. Treasury yield curve and historical loan repayment patterns. 
 Loans to Affiliates 
 The fair value of loans to affiliates is calculated by matrix or model pricing. The matrix pricing approach to fair value is a discounted cash flow methodology that incorporates market interest rates commensurate with the credit quality and duration of the investment. 
 
 FHLB Funding Agreements 
 The fair values of the Company s FHLB long term funding agreements fair values are determined based on indicative market rates published by FHLB, provided to AB and modeled for each note s FMV. FHLB Short-term funding agreements fair values are reflective of notional/par value plus accrued interest. 
 
 FABN Funding Agreements 
 The fair values of the Company s FABN funding agreements are determined by Bloomberg s evaluated pricing service, which uses direct observations or observed comparables. 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

8) 

119 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

) ) Paid guarantee benefits ) ) Other changes in reserve ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Paid guarantee benefits ) ) Other changes in reserve ) Impact of the Venerable transaction (1) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Paid guarantee benefits ) ) Other changes in reserve ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 ____________ 
 (1) Includes the impact as of June 1, 2021 on the ceded reserves to Venerable. See Note 1 Organization, for details on the Venerable Transaction. 
 Liabilities for Embedded and Freestanding Insurance Related Derivatives 
 The liability for the GMxB derivative features, the liability for SCS, SIO, MSO and IUL indexed features and the asset and liability for the GMIB reinsurance contracts and amounts due from reinsurers related to GMIB NLG product features (GMIB NLG Reinsurance) are considered embedded or freestanding insurance derivatives and are reported at fair value. For the fair value of the assets and liabilities associated with these embedded or freestanding insurance derivatives, see Note 7 of the Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Account Values and Net Amount at Risk 
 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Separate Accounts Total Account Values NAR, gross NAR, net of amounts reinsured Average attained age of policyholders (in years) Percentage of policyholders over age 70 Range of contractually specified interest rates N/A N/A - 
 - 
 - 
 Variable annuity contracts with GMIB features Account Values invested in: General Account Separate Accounts Total Account Values NAR, gross NAR, net of amounts reinsured Average attained age of policyholders (in years) N/A N/A Weighted average years remaining until annuitization N/A N/A 5.3 0.5 2.3 Range of contractually specified interest rates N/A N/A - 
 - 
 - 

For more information about the reinsurance programs of the Company s GMDB and GMIB exposure, see Reinsurance in Note 10 of the Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Separate Accounts Investments by Investment Category Underlying Variable Annuity Contracts with GMDB and GMIB Features 
 The total Account Values of variable annuity contracts with GMDB and GMIB features include amounts allocated to the guaranteed interest option, which is part of the General Account and variable investment options that invest through Separate Accounts in variable insurance trusts. 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Fixed income Balanced Other Total 
 Hedging Programs for GMDB, GMIB, GIB and Other Features 
 The Company has a program intended to hedge certain risks associated first with the GMDB feature and with the GMIB feature of the Accumulator series of variable annuity products. The program has also been extended to cover other guaranteed benefits as they have been made available. This program utilizes derivative contracts, such as exchange-traded equity, currency and interest rate futures contracts, total return and/or equity swaps, interest rate swap and floor contracts, swaptions, variance swaps as well as equity options, that collectively are managed in an effort to reduce the economic impact of unfavorable changes in guaranteed benefits exposures attributable to movements in the capital markets. At the present time, this program hedges certain economic risks on products sold from 2001 forward, to the extent such risks are not externally reinsured. 
 These programs do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. Therefore, gains (losses) on the derivatives contracts used in these programs, including current period changes in fair value, are recognized in net derivative gains (losses) in the period in which they occur, and may contribute to income (loss) volatility. 
 Variable and Interest-Sensitive Life Insurance Policies - NLG 
 The NLG feature contained in variable and interest-sensitive life insurance policies keeps them in force in situations where the policy value is not sufficient to cover monthly charges then due. The NLG remains in effect so long as the policy meets a contractually specified premium funding test and certain other requirements. 
 ) Paid guarantee benefits ) ) Other changes in reserves ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Paid guarantee benefits ) ) Other changes in reserves ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Paid guarantee benefits ) ) Other changes in reserves ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 9) 
 year to years, some of which include options to extend the leases. The Company typically does not include its renewal options in its lease terms for calculating its RoU operating lease asset and lease liability as the renewal options allow the Company to maintain operational flexibility and the Company is not reasonably certain it will exercise these renewal options until close to the initial end date of the lease. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. 
 As the Company's operating leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company s incremental borrowing rate, based on the information available at the lease commencement date, is used in determining the present value of lease payments. 
 The Company primarily subleases floor space within its New Jersey and New York lease properties to various third parties. The lease term for these subleases typically corresponds to the original lease term. 
 Liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Variable operating lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) Net lease cost 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 Equitable Financial signed a lease which is expected to commence in 2023 once certain conditions of the lease are met, relating to approximately square feet of space in New York City. Additionally, during December 2021, Equitable Financial amended its Syracuse office lease. The amendment included extending for an additional period, commencing January 1, 2024, approximately square feet of space in Syracuse, NY. 
 years years Weighted-average discount rate for operating leases 
 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Non-cash transactions: Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

10) 
 Reinsurance assumed Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) Premiums Direct charges and fee income Reinsurance ceded ) ) Policy charges and fee income Direct policyholders benefits Reinsurance assumed Reinsurance ceded ) ) ) Policyholders benefits 
 Ceded Reinsurance 
 The Company reinsures most of its new variable life, UL and term life policies on an excess of retention basis. The Company generally retains on a per life basis up to million for single lives and million for joint lives with the excess reinsured. The Company also reinsures risk on certain substandard underwriting risks and in certain other cases. 
 On June 1, 2021, Holdings completed the sale of CSLRC to VIAC. Immediately following the closing of the Transaction, CSLRC and Equitable Financial entered into the Reinsurance Agreement, pursuant to which Equitable Financial ceded to CSLRC, on a combined coinsurance and modified coinsurance basis, legacy variable annuity policies sold by Equitable Financial between 2006-2008. See Note 1 of the Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements for details of the Venerable Transaction. 
 On October 3, 2022, as part of the Global Atlantic Transaction, Equitable Financial ceded to First Allmerica Financial Life Insurance Company on a combined coinsurance and modified coinsurance basis, a quota share of approximately legacy Group EQUI-VEST deferred variable annuity contracts issued by Equitable Financial between 1980 and 2008. 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 and , respectively, of its current exposure to the GMDB obligation on annuity contracts in-force and, subject to certain maximum amounts or caps in any one period, approximately and of its current liability exposure, respectively, resulting from the GMIB feature. For additional information, see Note 8 of the Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In addition to the above, the Company cedes a portion of its group health, extended term insurance, and paid-up life insurance and substantially all of its individual disability income business through various coinsurance agreements. 
 Assumed Reinsurance 
 In addition to the sale of insurance products, the Company currently acts as a professional retrocessionaire by assuming risk from professional reinsurers. The Company assumes accident, life, health, aviation, special risk and space risks by participating in or reinsuring various reinsurance pools and arrangements. 
 
 Estimated net fair values of ceded GMIB NLG ceded reserves to Venerable (2) Third-party reinsurance recoverables related to insurance contracts 
 Top reinsurers: Venerable Insurance and Annuity Company (A- KBRA (IFRS) rating) First Allmerica-GAF Ceded group health reserves Third-party reinsurance payables related to insurance contracts Top reinsurers: First Allmerica-GAF Assumed Reinsurance: Reinsurance assumed reserves 
 ______________ 
 (1) The estimated fair values increased million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Reported in amounts due from reinsurers. See Note 1 of the Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements for details of the Venerable transaction. 
 
 11) 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are allocated based on cost center tracking of expenses. The cost centers are approved annually and are updated based on business area needs throughout the year. 
 Investment Management and Service Fees and Expenses 
 EIMG, a subsidiary of Equitable Financial, provides investment management services to EQAT, EQ Premier VIP Trust, 1290 Funds and other trusts, all of which are considered related parties. Investment management and service 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

On June 22, 2021, Holdings completed the formation of EIM, a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Holdings. Effective August 1, 2021, following the formation of EIM, EIMG terminated, and EIM, entered into certain administrative agreements with separate accounts held by the Company. In addition, on October 1, 2021, the Company entered into an investment advisory and management agreement in which EIM became the investment manager for the Company s general account portfolio. The Company recorded investment management fee expense from EIM of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 AB provides investment management and related services to various funds held by the Company. The Company recorded investment management fee expense from AB of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Distribution Revenue and Expenses with Affiliates 
 Equitable Distributors receives commissions and fee revenue from Equitable America for sales of its insurance products. The commissions and fees earned from Equitable America are based on the various selling agreements. 

Equitable Financial pays commissions and fees to Equitable Distribution Holding Corporation and its subsidiaries Equitable Distribution for sales of insurance products. The commissions and fees paid to Equitable Distribution are based on various selling agreements. 
 
 _____________ 
 (1) For years ended 2021 and 2020, amounts included fees received from Other AXA Trusts of million and million. 
 Insurance-Related Transactions with Affiliates 
 The reinsurance arrangements with EQ AZ Life Re provide important capital management benefits to Equitable Financial. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s GMIB reinsurance contract asset with EQ AZ Life Re had carrying values of million and is reported in GMIB contract reinsurance asset, at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Ceded premiums and policy fee income in 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled approximately million, million and million, respectively. Ceded claims paid in 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 million and million of invested assets in the form of equity interests issued in non-corporate legal entities that were determined by the Company to be VIEs, as further described in Note 2 of the Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements. These legal entities are related parties of Equitable Financial. The Company reflects these equity interests in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as other equity investments. The net assets of these unconsolidated VIEs are approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company also has approximately million and million of unfunded commitments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively with these legal entities. 
 
 AXA VIEs 
 As of December 31, 2022 the Company held no invested assets in the form of equity interests issued in non-corporate legal entities that were determined by the Company to be VIEs. As of December 31, 2021, the Company held million of invested assets in the form of equity interests issued in non-corporate legal entities that were determined by the Company to be VIEs, as further described in Note 2 of the Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements. These legal entities are related parties of Equitable Financial. The Company reflects these equity interests in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as other equity investments. The net assets of these unconsolidated VIEs were billion as of December 31, 2021. The Company also had approximately million of unfunded commitments as of December 31, 2021 with these legal entities. 
 Loans Issued to Holdings 
 In June 2021, Equitable Life made a billion term loan to Holdings. The loan has an interest rate of and matures in June 2031. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount outstanding was billion. 
 In November 2019, Equitable Financial made a million loan to Holdings. The loan has an interest rate of one-month LIBOR plus . The loan matures on November 24, 2024. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount outstanding was million. 
 
 12) 
 million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Pension Plan 
 Equitable Financial sponsors the Equitable Retirement Plan (the Equitable Financial QP ), a frozen qualified defined benefit pension plan covering its eligible employees and financial professionals. This pension plan is non-contributory, and its benefits are generally based on a cash balance formula and/or, for certain participants, years of service and average earnings over a specified period in the plan. Effective December 31, 2015, primary liability for the obligations of Equitable Financial under the Equitable Financial QP was transferred from Equitable Financial to AXA Financial, and upon the merger of AXA Financial into Holdings, Holdings assumes primary liability under terms of an Assumption Agreement. Equitable Financial remains secondarily liable for its obligations under the Equitable Financial QP and would recognize such liability in the event Holdings does not perform. 
 The Equitable Financial QP is not governed by a collective-bargaining agreement and is not under a financial improvement plan or a rehabilitation plan. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, (income)/expenses related to the plan were million, million and million, respectively. 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

Accumulated benefit obligation Funded status 
 Other Benefit Plans 
 Equitable Financial also sponsors a non-qualified retirement plan, a medical and life retiree plan, a post-employment plan and deferred compensation plan. The expenses related to these plans were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 13) 
 Stock Options Restricted Stock Unit Awards Total Compensation Expenses Income Tax Benefit 
 Since 2018, Holdings has granted equity awards under the Equitable Holdings, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan and the Equitable Holdings, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (together the Omnibus Plans which were adopted by Holdings on April 25, 2018 and February 28, 2019 respectively. Awards under the Omnibus Plans are linked to Holdings common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the common stock reserved and available for issuance under the Omnibus Plans was million shares. Holdings may issue new shares or use common stock held in treasury for awards linked to Holdings common stock. 
 Equitable Financial s Participation in Holdings Equity Award Plans 
 Equitable Financial s employees, financial professionals and directors in 2019 and 2018 were granted equity awards under the Omnibus Plans with the exception of the Holdings restricted stock units Holdings RSUs granted to financial professionals in 2018. All grants discussed in this section will be settled in shares of Holdings common stock except for the RSUs granted to financial professionals in 2019 and 2018 which will be settled in cash. 
 For awards with graded vesting schedules and service-only vesting conditions, including Holdings RSUs and other forms of share-based payment awards, Holdings applies a straight-line expense attribution policy for the recognition of compensation cost. Actual forfeitures with respect to the 2022, 2021 and 2020 grants were considered immaterial in the recognition of compensation cost. 
 Annual Awards 
 Each year, the Compensation Committee of the Holdings Board of Directors approves an equity-based award program with awards under the program granted at its regularly scheduled meeting in February. Annual awards under Holdings equity programs for 2022, 2021 and 2020 consisted of a mix of equity vehicles including Holdings RSUs, Holdings stock options and Holdings performance shares. If Holdings pays any ordinary dividend in cash, all outstanding Holdings RSUs and performance shares will accrue dividend equivalents in the form of additional Holdings RSUs or performance shares to be settled or forfeited consistent with the terms of the related award. 
 129 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 period. The fair value of the awards was measured using the closing price of the Holdings share on the grant date, and the resulting compensation expense will be recognized over the shorter of the vesting term or the period up to the date at which the participant becomes retirement eligible, but not less than one year. 
 Holdings Stock Options 
 Holdings stock options granted to Equitable Financial employees have a graded vesting schedule, with one-third vesting on each of the three anniversaries. The total grant date fair value of Holdings stock options will be charged to expense over the shorter of the vesting period or the period up to the date at which the participant becomes retirement eligible, but not less than one year. 
 Holdings Performance Shares 
 Holdings performance shares granted to Equity Financial employees are subject to performance conditions and a cliff-vesting. The performance shares consist of distinct tranches; one based on Holding s return-on-equity targets (the ROE Performance Shares and the other based on the Holdings relative total shareholder return targets (the TSR Performance Shares ), each comprising approximately one-half of the award. Participants may receive from to of the unearned performance shares granted. The grant-date fair value of the ROE Performance Shares is established once all of Holdings applicable Non-GAAP ROE targets are determined and approved. The fair value of the awards was measured using the closing price of the Holdings share on the grant date. 
 The grant-date fair value of the TSR Performance Shares was measured using a Monte Carlo approach. Under the Monte Carlo approach, stock returns were simulated for Holdings and the selected peer companies to estimate the payout percentages established by the conditions of the award. The aggregate grant-date fair value of the unearned TSR Performance Shares will be recognized as compensation expense over the shorter of the cliff-vesting period or the period up to the date at which the participant becomes retirement eligible, but not less than one year. 
 Director Awards 
 Holdings makes annual grants of unrestricted Holdings shares to non-employee directors of Holdings and Equitable Financial. The fair value of these awards was measured using the closing price of Holdings shares on the grant date. These awards immediately vest and all compensation expense is recognized at the grant date. 
 Prior Equity Award Grants 
 In 2017 and prior years, equity awards for employees, financial professional and directors in our businesses were available under the umbrella of AXA s global equity program. Accordingly, equity awards granted in 2017 and prior years were linked to AXA s stock. 
 The fair values of these prior awards are measured at the grant date by reference to the closing price of the AXA ordinary share, and the result, as adjusted for achievement of performance targets and pre-vesting forfeitures, generally is attributed over the shorter of the requisite service period, the performance period, if any, or to the date at which retirement eligibility is achieved and subsequent service no longer is required for continued vesting of the award. 
 Summary of Stock Option Activity 
 
 130 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Options granted Options exercised ) ) Options forfeited, net ) ) Options expired Options Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Aggregate intrinsic value (1) Weighted average remaining contractual term (in years) Options Exercisable at December 31, 2022 Aggregate intrinsic value (1) Weighted average remaining contractual term (in years) 
 ____________ 
 
 Expected volatility Risk-free interest rates Expected life in years Weighted average fair value per option at grant date 
 ____________ 
 (1) The expected volatility is based on historical selected peer data, the weighted average expected term is determined by using the simplified method due to lack of sufficient historical data, the expected dividend yield based on Holdings expected annualized dividend, and the risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury bond yield for the appropriate expected term. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately thousand of unrecognized compensation cost related to AXA unvested stock option awards is expected to be recognized by the Equitable Financial over a weighted-average period of years. Approximately thousand of unrecognized compensation cost related to Holdings unvested stock option awards is expected to be recognized by the Equitable Financial over a weighted average period of years. 
 Summary of Restricted Stock Unit Award Activity 
 The market price of a Holdings share is used as the basis for the fair value measure of a Holdings RSU. For purposes of determining compensation cost for stock-settled Holdings RSUs, fair value is fixed at the grant date until settlement, absent modification to the terms of the award. For liability-classified cash-settled Holdings and AXA RSUs, fair value is remeasured at the end of each reporting period. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately million Holdings RSUs awards remain unvested. Unrecognized compensation cost related to these awards totaled approximately million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 Summary of Performance Award Activity 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately million Holdings remain unvested. Unrecognized compensation cost related to these awards totaled approximately million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) ) Unvested as of December 31, 2022 

14) 
 ) Deferred (expense) benefit ) Total ) 
 The Federal income taxes attributable to consolidated operations are different from the amounts determined by multiplying the earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interest by the expected Federal income tax rate of 21 . 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued Non-taxable investment income Tax audit interest ) ) ) Tax settlements/uncertain tax position release Tax credits Deferred tax adjustment ) Other ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) 
 During the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company agreed to the Internal Revenue Service s Revenue Agent s Report for its consolidated 2010 through 2013 Federal corporate income tax returns. The impact on the Company s financial statements and unrecognized tax benefits was a tax benefit of million. 
 Net operating loss and credits Reserves and reinsurance DAC Unrealized investment gains (losses) Investments Other Valuation allowance ) Total 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company established a valuation allowance of billion against its deferred tax assets related to unrealized capital losses in the available for sale securities portfolio. When assessing recoverability, the Company considers its ability and intent to hold the underlying securities to recovery. The recent increase in interest rates caused the portfolio to swing to an unrealized loss position. Due to the potential need for liquidity in a macro stress environment, the Company does not currently have the intent to hold the underlying securities to recovery. Based on all available evidence, as of December 31, 2022, the Company concluded that a valuation allowance should be established on the deferred tax assets related to unrealized tax capital losses, net of realized capital gains, that are not more-likely-than-not to be realized. 
 The Company has Federal net operating loss carryforwards of billion and billion for the years ending December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively which do not expire. 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) Additions for tax positions of current year Settlements with tax authorities Balance at December 31, Unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective rate 
 The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense. Interest and penalties included in the amounts of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, there were million, million and million in interest expense (benefit) related to unrecognized tax benefits. 
 It is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change within the next 12 months due to the conclusion of IRS proceedings and the addition of new issues for open tax years. The possible change in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits cannot be estimated at this time. 
 As of December 31, 2022, tax years 2014 and subsequent remain subject to examination by the IRS. 
 
 15)) Defined benefit pension plans ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Equitable Financial ) ) (Gains) losses reclassified into net income (loss) during the period (2) ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) ) Adjustments for policyholders liabilities, DAC, insurance liability loss recognition and other ) Change in unrealized gains (losses), net of adjustments (net of deferred income tax expense (benefit) of ), and 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), attributable to Equitable Financial ) ) 
 ____________ 
 (1) For 2022, unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period is presented net of a valuation allowance of billion established during the fourth quarter of 2022. The Company established the valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets related to unrealized capital 
 134 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Investment gains and losses reclassified from AOCI to net income (loss) primarily consist of realized gains (losses) on sales and credit losses of AFS securities and are included in total investment gains (losses), net on the consolidated statements of income (loss). Amounts reclassified from AOCI to net income (loss) as related to defined benefit plans primarily consist of amortization of net (gains) losses and net prior service cost (credit) recognized as a component of net periodic cost and reported in compensation and benefits in the consolidated statements of income (loss). Amounts presented in the table above are net of tax. 
 
 16) 
 million. 
 For other matters, the Company is currently not able to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss. The Company is often unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss until developments in such matters have provided sufficient information to support an assessment of the range of possible loss, such as quantification of a damage demand from plaintiffs, discovery from plaintiffs and other parties, investigation of factual allegations, rulings by a court on motions or appeals, analysis by experts and the progress of settlement discussions. On a quarterly and annual basis, the Company reviews relevant information with respect to litigation and regulatory contingencies and updates the Company s accruals, disclosures and reasonably possible losses or ranges of loss based on such reviews. 
 135 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 million and above. A second putative class action was filed in the District of Arizona in 2017 and consolidated with the Brach matter in federal court in New York. The consolidated amended class action complaint alleges the following claims: breach of contract; misrepresentations in violation of Section 4226 of the New York Insurance Law; violations of New York General Business Law Section 349; and violations of the California Unfair Competition Law, and the California Elder Abuse Statute. Plaintiffs seek: (a) compensatory damages, costs, and, pre- and post-judgment interest; (b) with respect to their claim concerning Section 4226, a penalty in the amount of premiums paid by the plaintiffs and the putative class; and (c) injunctive relief and attorneys fees in connection with their statutory claims. In August 2020, the federal district court issued a decision certifying nationwide breach of contract and Section 4226 classes, and a New York State Section 349 class. Owners of a substantial number of policies opted out of the Brach class action. Most opt-out policies are not yet the subject of litigation. Others filed suit previously, including three federal actions that have been coordinated with the Brach action and contain similar allegations along with additional allegations for violations of state consumer protection statutes and common law fraud. In March 2022, the federal district court issued a summary judgment decision, denying in significant part but granting in part Equitable Financial s motion and denying the motion filed by plaintiffs in the coordinated actions. In July 2022, the federal district court granted Equitable Financial s motion to reconsider its summary judgment decision in part and granted summary judgment as to a portion of the Section 4226 class. The federal district court also agreed to consider whether it should decertify the Section 4226 class. In January 2023, the federal district court declined to decertify the class and instead modified it to replace certain class members. Beginning October 30, 2023, the federal district court will hold one consolidated trial for the Brach action and the three coordinated actions. Equitable Financial has commenced settlement discussions with the Brach class action plaintiffs and plaintiffs in the coordinated actions. No assurances can be given about the outcome of those settlement discussions. Equitable Financial has settled actual and threatened litigations challenging the COI increase by individual policyowners and one entity that invested in numerous policies purchased in the life settlement market. actions are also pending against Equitable Financial in New York state court. In July 2022, the trial court in one of the New York state court actions, Hobish v. AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company, granted in significant part Equitable Financial s motion for summary judgment and denied plaintiff s cross motion. That plaintiff filed a notice of appeal and Equitable filed a notice of cross-appeal. Equitable Financial is vigorously defending each of these matters. 
 As with other financial services companies, Equitable Financial periodically receives informal and formal requests for information from various state and federal governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations in connection with inquiries and investigations of the products and practices of the Company or the financial services industry. It is the practice of the Company to cooperate fully in these matters. 
 Obligations under Funding Agreements 
 Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB 
 As a member of the FHLB, Equitable Financial has access to collateralized borrowings. It also may issue funding agreements to the FHLB. Both the collateralized borrowings and funding agreements would require Equitable Financial to pledge qualified mortgage-backed assets and/or government securities as collateral. Equitable Financial issues short-term funding agreements to the FHLB and uses the funds for asset, liability, and cash management purposes. Equitable Financial issues long-term funding agreements to the FHLB and uses the funds for spread lending purposes. 
 Entering into FHLB membership, borrowings and funding agreements requires the ownership of FHLB stock and the pledge of assets as collateral. Equitable Financial has purchased FHLB stock of million and pledged collateral with a carrying value of billion as of December 31, 2022. 
 Funding agreements are reported in policyholders account balances in the consolidated balance sheets. For other instruments used for asset/liability and cash management purposes, see Derivative and offsetting assets and liabilities included in Note 4 of the Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements. The table below summarizes the Company s activity of funding agreements with the FHLB. 
 136 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 ) Long-term funding agreements: Due in years two through five ) Due in more than five years Total long-term funding agreements ) Total funding agreements (1) ) 
 ____________ 
 (1) The million and million difference between the funding agreements carrying value shown in fair value table for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, reflects the remaining amortization of a hedge implemented and closed, which locked in the funding agreements borrowing rates. 
 Funding Agreement-Backed Notes Program FABN 
 Under the FABN program, Equitable Financial may issue funding agreements in U.S. dollar or foreign currencies to a Delaware special purpose statutory trust (the Trust in exchange for the proceeds from issuances of fixed and floating rate medium-term marketable notes issued by the Trust from time to time (the Trust Notes ). The funding agreements have matching interest, maturity and currency payment terms to the applicable Trust Notes. The Company hedges the foreign currency exposure of foreign currency denominated funding agreements using cross currency swaps as discussed in Note 4 of the Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum aggregate principal amount of Trust Notes permitted to be outstanding at any one time is billion. Funding agreements issued to the Trust, including any foreign currency transaction adjustments, are reported in policyholders account balances in the consolidated balance sheets. Foreign currency transaction adjustments to policyholder s account balances are recognized in net income (loss) as an adjustment to interest credited to policyholders account balances and are offset in interest credited to policyholders account balances by a release of AOCI from deferred changes in fair value of designated and qualifying cross currency swap cash flow hedges. The table below summarizes Equitable Financial s issuances of funding agreements under the FABN program. 
 Long-term funding agreements: Due in years two through five ) Due in more than five years ) ) Total long-term funding agreements ) ) Total funding agreements (1) ) 
 _____________ 
 million and million difference between the funding agreements notional value shown and carrying value table as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, reflects the remaining amortization of the issuance cost of the funding agreements and the foreign currency transaction adjustment. 
 137 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 billion to certain limited partnerships and real estate joint ventures under certain conditions. Management believes the Company will not incur material losses as a result of these commitments. 
 The Company had million of undrawn letters of credit related to reinsurance as of December 31, 2022. The Company had million of commitments under existing mortgage loan agreements as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company is the obligor under certain structured settlement agreements it had entered into with unaffiliated insurance companies and beneficiaries. To satisfy its obligations under these agreements, the Company owns single premium annuities issued by previously wholly-owned life insurance subsidiaries. The Company has directed payment under these annuities to be made directly to the beneficiaries under the structured settlement agreements. A contingent liability exists with respect to these agreements should the previously wholly-owned subsidiaries be unable to meet their obligations. Management believes the need for the Company to satisfy those obligations is remote. 
 
 17) 
 
 million, million and million. Statutory surplus, Capital stock and AVR totaled billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, Equitable Financial, in accordance with various government and state regulations, had million of securities on deposit with such government or state agencies. 
 In 2022 and 2020, Equitable Financial paid to its direct parent, which subsequently distributed such amount to Holdings, an ordinary shareholder dividend of million and billion, respectively. Equitable Financial did t pay ordinary dividends during 2021 due to operating losses. 
 Dividend Restrictions 
 As a domestic insurance subsidiary regulated by the insurance laws of New York State, Equitable Financial is subject to restrictions as to the amounts the Company may pay as dividends and amounts the Company may repay of surplus notes to Holdings. 
 State insurance statutes also typically place restrictions and limitations on the amount of dividends or other distributions payable by insurance company subsidiaries to their parent companies, as well as on transactions between an insurer and its affiliates. Under the New York insurance laws, which are applicable to Equitable Financial, a domestic stock life insurer may not, without prior approval of the NYDFS, pay an ordinary dividend to its stockholders exceeding an amount calculated based on a statutory formula Ordinary Dividend ). Dividends in excess of this amount require the insurer to file a notice of its intent to declare the dividends with the NYDFS and obtain prior approval or non-disapproval from the NYDFS with respect to such dividends Extraordinary Dividend ). Due to a permitted statutory accounting practice agreed to with the NYDFS, Equitable Financial will need the prior approval of the NYDFS to pay the portion, if any, of any Ordinary Dividend that exceeds the Ordinary Dividend that Equitable Financial would be permitted to pay under New York insurance law absent the application of such permitted practice (such excess, the Permitted Practice Ordinary Dividend ). 
 Applying the formulas above, Equitable Financial could pay an Ordinary Dividend of up to approximately billion in 2023. 
 Intercompany Reinsurance 
 The company receives statutory reserve credits for reinsurance treaties with EQ AZ Life Re to the extent EQ AZ Life Re holds assets in an irrevocable trust (the EQ AZ Life Re Trust ). As of December 31, 2022, EQ AZ Life Re holds billion of assets in the EQ AZ Life Re Trust and letters of credit of billion that are guaranteed by Holdings. Under the reinsurance transactions, EQ AZ Life Re is permitted to transfer assets from the EQ AZ Life Re Trust under certain circumstances. The level of statutory reserves held by EQ AZ Life Re fluctuate based on market movements, mortality experience and policyholder behavior. Increasing reserve requirements may necessitate that additional assets be placed in trust and/or additional letters of credit be secured, which could adversely impact EQ AZ Life Re s liquidity. 

138 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

 prescribed and permitted practices resulted in net income (loss) and capital and surplus that is different from the statutory surplus that would have been reported had NAIC statutory accounting practices been applied. 
 Equitable Financial was granted a permitted practice by the NYDFS to apply SSAP 108, Derivatives Hedging Variable Annuity Guarantees on a retroactive basis from January 1, 2021 through June 30, 2021, after reflecting the impacts of our reinsurance transaction with Venerable. The permitted practice was amended to also permit Equitable Financial to adopt SSAP 108 prospectively as of July 1, 2021 and to consider the impact of both the interest rate derivatives and the general account assets used to fully hedge the interest rate risk inherent in its variable annuity guarantees when determining the amount of the deferred asset or liability under SSAP 108. Application of the permitted practice partially mitigates the New York Insurance Regulation 213 Reg 213 impact of the Venerable Transaction on Equitable Financial s statutory capital and surplus and enables Equitable Financial to more effectively neutralize the impact of interest rates on its statutory surplus and to better align with our economic hedging program. The impact of applying this permitted practice relative to SSAP 108 as written was an increase of approximately million in statutory special surplus funds, a decrease of billion in statutory net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and an increase of billion for the year ended December 31, 2021, which will be amortized over for each of the retrospective and prospective components. The permitted practice also reset Equitable Financial s unassigned surplus to as of June 30, 2021 to reflect the transformative nature of the Venerable Transaction. 
 The NAIC Accounting Practices and Procedures manual NAIC SAP has been adopted as a component of prescribed or permitted practices by the State of New York. However, Reg 213 adopted in May of 2019 and as amended in February 2020 and March 2021, differs from the NAIC variable annuity reserve and capital framework. Reg 213 requires Equitable Financial to carry statutory basis reserves for its variable annuity contract obligations equal to the greater of those required under (i) the NAIC standard or (ii) a revised version of the NYDFS requirement in effect prior to the adoption of the first amendment for contracts issued prior to January 1, 2020, and for policies issued after that date a new standard that in current market conditions imposes more conservative reserving requirements for variable annuity contracts than the NAIC standard. 
 The impact of the application of Reg 213 was a decrease of approximately billion in statutory surplus as of December 31, 2022 compared to statutory surplus under the NAIC variable annuity framework. Our hedging program is designed to hedge the economics of our insurance liabilities and largely offsets Reg 213 and NAIC framework reserve movements due to interest rates and equities. The NYDFS allows domestic insurance companies a five year phase-in provision for Reg 213 reserves. As of September 30, 2022, Equitable Financial s Reg 213 reserves were phased-in. As of December 31, 2022, given the prevailing market conditions and business mix, there are no Reg 213 redundant reserves over the US RBC CTE 98 total asset requirement TAR ). Finally, the continued application of Reg 213 resulted in a corresponding decrease of billion in statutory net income for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was largely offset by net income gains on our hedging program during the same period as noted. 
 During the fourth quarter 2020, Equitable Financial received approval from NYDFS for its proposed amended Plan of Operation for Separate Account No. 68 SA 68 for our Structured Capital Strategies product and Separate Account No. 69 SA 69 for our Equi-Vest product Structured Investment Option, to change the accounting basis of these two non-insulated Separate Accounts from fair value to book value in accordance with Section 1414 of the Insurance Law to align with how we manage and measure our overall general account asset portfolio. In order to facilitate this change and comply with Section 4240(a)(10), the Company also sought approval to amend the Plans to remove the requirement to comply with Section 4240(a)(5)(iii) and substitute it with a commitment to comply with Section 4240(a)(5)(i). Similarly, the Company updated the reserves section of each Plan to reflect the fact that Regulation 128 would no longer be applicable upon the change in accounting basis. We applied this change effective January 1, 2021. The impact of the application is an increase of approximately billion in statutory surplus and an increase in statutory net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 of billion. 
 As of December 31, 2020 and for the year then ended, there were no differences in net income (loss) and capital and surplus resulting from practices prescribed and permitted by NYDFS and those prescribed by NAIC Accounting Practices and Procedures effective as of December 31, 2020. 
 The Company cedes a portion of their statutory reserves to EQ AZ Life Re, a captive reinsurer, as part of the Company s capital management strategy. EQ AZ Life Re prepares financial statements in a special purpose framework for statutory reporting. 
 139 

Table of Contents 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

18) 
 Net earnings (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Purchase/change of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance, end of period 

19) 
 
 140 

Fees (1) Others Total Employer- Sponsored Premiums Fees Others Total Life Insurance Products Premiums Fees Others Total Employee Benefit Products Premiums Fees Others Total Other Premiums Fees Others Total 
 ______________ 
 (1) Excludes the amortization/capitalization of unearned revenue liability of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 141 

EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 
 State, municipalities and political subdivisions Foreign governments Public utilities All other corporate bonds Residential mortgage-backed Asset-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Redeemable preferred stocks Total fixed maturities, AFS Mortgage loans on real estate (2) Policy loans Other equity investments Trading securities Other invested assets Total Investments 
 ______________ 
 (1) Cost for fixed maturities represents original cost, reduced by repayments and write-downs and adjusted for amortization of premiums or accretion of discount; cost for equity securities represents original cost reduced by write-downs; cost for other limited partnership interests represents original cost adjusted for equity in earnings and reduced by distributions. 
 (2) Carrying value for mortgage loans on real estate represents original cost adjusted for amortization of premiums or accretion of discount and reduced by credit loss allowance. 
 142 

EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 
 Premiums: Life insurance and annuities Accident and health Total premiums 2021 Life insurance in-force Premiums: Life insurance and annuities Accident and health Total premiums 2020 Life insurance in-force Premiums: Life insurance and annuities Accident and health Total premiums 
 ______________ 
 (1) Includes amounts related to the discontinued group life and health business. 

143 

Table of Contents 

Part II, Item 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 Part II, Item 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The management of the Company, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of December 31, 2022. This evaluation is performed to determine if our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that (i) information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and (ii) such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 
 Based on this evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Management evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO framework ). Based on the evaluation, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has not been audited by an independent public accounting firm as it is not required by the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II, Item 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 Part II, Item 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 

144 

Part III, Item 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I to Form 10-K. 

Part III, Item 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I to Form 10-K. 

Part III, Item 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I to Form 10-K. 

Part III, Item 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Omitted pursuant to General Instruction I to Form 10-K. 

Part III, Item 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PwC") serves as the principal external auditing firm for our parent company. Subsidiaries, including Equitable Financial, are allocated PwC fees attributable to services rendered by PwC to each subsidiary. PwC fees allocated to Equitable Financial along with a description of the services rendered by PwC to Equitable Financial are detailed below for the periods indicated. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services: Audit fees 3 4 Audit-related fees 5 3 Tax fees All other fees Total 8 7 
 
 Audit related fees in both years principally consist of fees for audits of financial statements of certain employee benefit plans, internal control related reviews and services and accounting consultation. 
 Tax fees consist of fees for tax preparation, consultation and compliance services. 
 All other fees consist of miscellaneous non-audit services. 
 Equitable Financial audit committee has determined that all services to be provided by its independent registered public accounting firm must be reviewed and approved by the audit committee on a case-by-case basis provided, however, that the audit committee has delegated to its chairperson the ability to pre-approve any non-audit engagement where the fees are expected to be less than or equal to 200,000 per engagement. Any exercise of this delegated authority by the audit committee chairperson is required to be reported at the next audit committee meeting. 
 All services provided by PwC in 2022 were pre-approved in accordance with the procedures described above. 
 145 

Part IV, Item 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 Page Number 1. Financial Statements Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 59 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules: Schedule I Summary of Investments Other Than Investments in Related Parties as of December 31, 2022 
 141 
 Schedule IV Reinsurance for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 142 
 3. Exhibits: See the accompanying Index to Exhibits . 

Part IV, Item 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 146 

GLOSSARY 
 Selected Financial Terms 
 Account Value AV Generally equals the aggregate policy account value of our retirement and protection products. General Account AV refers to account balances in investment options that are backed by the General Account while Separate Accounts AV refers to Separate Accounts investment assets. Alternative investments Investments in real estate and real estate joint ventures and other limited partnerships. Annualized Premium 100 of first year recurring premiums (up to target) and 10 of excess first year premiums or first year premiums from single premium products. Assets under administration ("AUA") Includes non-insurance client assets that are invested in our savings and investment products or serviced by our Equitable Advisors platform. We provide administrative services for these assets and generally record the revenues received as distribution fees. 
 Assets under management AUM Investment assets that are managed by one of our subsidiaries and includes: (i) assets managed by AB, (ii) the assets in our GAIA portfolio and (iii) the Separate Account assets of our retirement and protection businesses. Total AUM reflects exclusions between segments to avoid double counting. Combined RBC Ratio Calculated as the overall aggregate RBC ratio for the Company s insurance subsidiaries including capital held for its life insurance and variable annuity liabilities and non-variable annuity insurance liabilities. Conditional tail expectation CTE Calculated as the average amount of total assets required to satisfy obligations over the life of the contract or policy in the worst x of scenarios. Represented as CTE (100 less x). Example: CTE95 represents the worst five percent of scenarios. 
 Deferred policy acquisition cost DAC Represents the incremental costs related directly to the successful acquisition of new and certain renewal insurance policies and annuity contracts and which have been deferred on the balance sheet as an asset. Deferred sales inducements DSI Represent amounts that are credited to a policyholder s account balance that are higher than the expected crediting rates on similar contracts without such an inducement and that are an incentive to purchase a contract and also meet the accounting criteria to be deferred as an asset that is amortized over the life of the contract. Gross Premiums First year premium and deposits and Renewal premium and deposits. 
 
 Invested assets Includes fixed maturity securities, equity securities, mortgage loans, policy loans, alternative investments and short-term investments. P C Property and casualty. Premium and deposits Amounts a policyholder agrees to pay for an insurance policy or annuity contract that may be paid in one or a series of payments as defined by the terms of the policy or contract. Protection Solutions Reserves Equals the aggregate value of Policyholders account balances and Future policy benefits for policies in our Protection Solutions segment. Reinsurance Insurance policies purchased by insurers to limit the total loss they would experience from an insurance claim. Renewal premium and deposits Premiums and deposits after the first twelve months of the policy or contract. Risk-based capital RBC Rules to determine insurance company statutory capital requirements. It is based on rules published by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC ). Product Terms 
 147 

401(k) A tax-deferred retirement savings plan sponsored by an employer. 401(k) refers to the section of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code pursuant to which these plans are established. 403(b) A tax-deferred retirement savings plan available to certain employees of public schools and certain tax-exempt organizations. 403(b) refers to the section of the Code pursuant to which these plans are established. 457(b) A deferred compensation plan that is available to governmental and certain non-governmental employers. 457(b) refers to the section of the Code pursuant to which these plans are established. Accumulation phase The phase of a variable annuity contract during which assets accumulate based on the policyholder s lump sum or periodic deposits and reinvested interest, capital gains and dividends that are generally tax-deferred. Affluent Refers to individuals with 250,000 to 999,999 of investable assets. Annuitant The person who receives annuity payments or the person whose life expectancy determines the amount of variable annuity payments upon annuitization of an annuity to be paid for life. Annuitization The process of converting an annuity investment into a series of periodic income payments, generally for life. 
 Benefit base A notional amount (not actual cash value) used to calculate the owner s guaranteed benefits within an annuity contract. The death benefit and living benefit within the same contract may not have the same benefit base. Cash surrender value The amount an insurance company pays (minus any surrender charge) to the policyholder when the contract or policy is voluntarily terminated prematurely. Deferred annuity An annuity purchased with premiums paid either over a period of years or as a lump sum, for which savings accumulate prior to annuitization or surrender, and upon annuitization, such savings are exchanged for either a future lump sum or periodic payments for a specified length of time or for a lifetime. Dollar-for-dollar withdrawal A method of calculating the reduction of a variable annuity benefit base after a withdrawal in which the benefit is reduced by one dollar for every dollar withdrawn. Fixed annuity An annuity that guarantees a set annual rate of return with interest at rates we determine, subject to specified minimums. Credited interest rates are guaranteed not to change for certain limited periods of time. Fixed Rate GMxB Guarantees on our individual variable annuity products that are based on a rate that is fixed at issue. Floating Rate GMxB Guarantees on our individual variable annuity products that are based on a rate that varies with a specified index rate, subject to a cap and floor. Future policy benefits Future policy benefits for the annuities business are comprised mainly of liabilities for life-contingent income annuities, and liabilities for the variable annuity guaranteed minimum benefits accounted for as insurance. Future policy benefits for the life business are comprised mainly of liabilities for traditional life and certain liabilities for universal and variable life insurance contracts (other than the Policyholders account balance). General Account Investment Portfolio The invested assets held in the General Account. General Account GA The assets held in the general accounts of our insurance companies as well as assets held in our separate accounts on which we bear the investment risk. GMxB A general reference to all forms of variable annuity guaranteed benefits, including guaranteed minimum living benefits, or GMLBs (such as GMIBs, GMWBs and GMABs), and guaranteed minimum death benefits, or GMDBs (inclusive of return of premium death benefit guarantees). 
 148 

Guaranteed income benefit GIB An optional benefit which provides the policyholder with a guaranteed lifetime annuity based on predetermined annuity purchase rates applied to a GIB benefit base, with annuitization automatically triggered if and when the contract AV falls to zero. 
 Guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits GMAB An optional benefit (available for an additional cost) which entitles an annuitant to a minimum payment, typically in lump-sum, after a set period of time, typically referred to as the accumulation period. The minimum payment is based on the benefit base, which could be greater than the underlying AV. Guaranteed minimum death benefits GMDB An optional benefit (available for an additional cost) that guarantees an annuitant s beneficiaries are entitled to a minimum payment based on the benefit base, which could be greater than the underlying AV, upon the death of the annuitant. Guaranteed minimum income benefits GMIB An optional benefit (available for an additional cost) where an annuitant is entitled to annuitize the policy and receive a minimum payment stream based on the benefit base, which could be greater than the underlying AV. Guaranteed minimum living benefits GMLB A reference to all forms of guaranteed minimum living benefits, including GMIBs, GMWBs and GMABs (does not include GMDBs). Guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits GMWB An optional benefit (available for an additional cost) where an annuitant is entitled to withdraw a maximum amount of their benefit base each year, for which cumulative payments to the annuitant could be greater than the underlying AV. Guaranteed Universal Life GUL A universal life insurance offering with a lifetime no lapse guarantee rider, otherwise known as a guaranteed UL policy. With a GUL policy, the premiums are guaranteed to last the life of the policy. Guaranteed withdrawal benefit for life GWBL An optional benefit (available for an additional cost) where an annuitant is entitled to withdraw a maximum amount of their benefit base each year, for the duration of the policyholder s life, regardless of account performance. High net worth Refers to individuals with 1,000,000 or more of investable assets. Index-linked annuities An annuity that provides for asset accumulation and asset distribution needs with an ability to share in the upside from certain financial markets such as equity indices, or an interest rate benchmark. With an index-linked annuity, the policyholder s AV can grow or decline due to various external financial market indices performance. Indexed Universal Life IUL A permanent life insurance offering built on a universal life insurance framework that uses an equity-linked approach for generating policy investment returns. Living benefits Optional benefits (available at an additional cost) that guarantee that the policyholder will get back at least his original investment when the money is withdrawn. Mortality and expense risk fee M E fee A fee charged by insurance companies to compensate for the risk they take by issuing life insurance and variable annuity contracts. 
 Net flows Net change in customer account balances in a period including, but not limited to, gross premiums, surrenders, withdrawals and benefits. It excludes investment performance, interest credited to customer accounts and policy charges. Policyholder account balances Annuities . Policyholder account balances are held for fixed deferred annuities, the fixed account portion of variable annuities and non-life contingent income annuities. Interest is credited to the policyholder s account at interest rates we determine which are influenced by current market rates, subject to specified minimums. 
 
 Life Insurance Policies . Policyholder account balances are held for retained asset accounts, universal life policies and the fixed account of universal variable life insurance policies. Interest is credited to the policyholder s account at interest rates we determine which are influenced by current market rates, subject to specified minimums. 
 
 149 

Return of premium ROP death benefit This death benefit pays the greater of the account value at the time of a claim following the owner s death or the total contributions to the contract (subject to adjustment for withdrawals). The charge for this benefit is usually included in the M E fee that is deducted daily from the net assets in each variable investment option. We also refer to this death benefit as the Return of Principal death benefit. Rider An optional feature or benefit that a policyholder can purchase at an additional cost. Roll-up rate The guaranteed percentage that the benefit base increases by each year. Separate Account Refers to the separate account investment assets of our insurance subsidiaries excluding the assets held in those separate accounts on which we bear the investment risk. Surrender charge A fee paid by a contract owner for the early withdrawal of an amount that exceeds a specific percentage or for cancellation of the contract within a specified amount of time after purchase. 
 Surrender rate Represents annualized surrenders and withdrawals as a percentage of average AV. Universal life UL products Life insurance products that provide a death benefit in return for payment of specified annual policy charges that are generally related to specific costs, which may change over time. To the extent that the policyholder chooses to pay more than the charges required in any given year to keep the policy in-force, the excess premium will be placed into the AV of the policy and credited with a stated interest rate on a monthly basis. Variable annuity A type of annuity that offers guaranteed periodic payments for a defined period of time or for life and gives purchasers the ability to invest in various markets though the underlying investment options, which may result in potentially higher, but variable, returns. Variable Universal Life VUL Universal life products where the excess amount paid over policy charges can be directed by the policyholder into a variety of Separate Account investment options. In the Separate Account investment options, the policyholder bears the entire risk and returns of the investment results. Whole Life WL A life insurance policy that is guaranteed to remain in-force for the policyholder s lifetime, provided the required premiums are paid. 

ACRONYMS 
 AB or AllianceBernstein means AB Holding and ABLP. 
 AB Holding means AllianceBernstein Holding L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. 
 AB Holding Units means units representing assignments of beneficial ownership of limited partnership interests in AB Holding. 
 ABLP means AllianceBernstein L.P., a Delaware limited partnership and the operating partnership for the AB business. 
 AFS means available-for-sale 
 AOCI means accumulated other comprehensive income 
 ASC means Accounting Standards Codification 
 ASU means Accounting Standards Update 
 ASX means Australian Securities Exchange 
 AVR means asset valuation reserve 

AXA means AXA S.A., a soci t anonyme organized under the laws of France, and formerly our controlling stockholder. 
 AXA Financial means AXA Financial, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a former wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Holdings. On October 1, 2018, AXA Financial merged with and into Holdings, with Holdings assuming the obligations of AXA Financial. 
 AXA RSUs means AXA restricted stock units 
 bps means basis points 
 CDS means credit default swaps 
 CEA means Commodity Exchange Act 
 CECL means current expected credit losses 
 CFTC means U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
 CLO means collateralized loan obligation 
 COI means cost of insurance 

150 

COLI means corporate owned life insurance 
 COVID-19 means coronavirus disease of 2019 
 CS Life RE means CS Life RE Company, an Arizona corporation and a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Holdings. 
 CSA means credit support annex 
 CSLRC means Corporate Solutions Life Reinsurance Company 
 DCO means designated clearing organization 
 DI means disability income 
 Dodd-Frank Act means Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 DOL means U.S. Department of Labor 
 DSC means debt service coverage 
 EBITDA means earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization 
 EDP means electronic data processing 
 EAFE means European, Australasia, and Far East 
 EFS means Equitable Financial Services, LLC, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Holdings. 
 EIM means Equitable Investment Management Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Holdings. 
 EIMG means Equitable Investment Management Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Holdings. 
 Equitable Advisors means Equitable Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, our retail broker/dealer for our retirement and protection businesses and a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Holdings. 
 Equitable America means Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company of America (f/k/a MONY Life Insurance Company of America), an Arizona corporation and a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Holdings. 
 Equitable Distributors means Equitable Distributors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, our wholesale broker/dealer for our retirement and protection businesses and a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Holdings. 
 Equitable Financial QP means Equitable Retirement Plan 
 Equitable Financial means Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company, a New York corporation, a life insurance company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of EFS. 

Equitable Network means Equitable Network, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Holdings and its subsidiary, Equitable Network of Puerto Rico, Inc. 
 EQ Premier VIP Trust means EQ Premier VIP Trust, a series trust that is a Delaware statutory trust and is registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), as an open-end management investment company. 
 EQAT means EQ Advisors Trust, a series trust that is a Delaware statutory trust and is registered under the Investment Company Act as an open-end management investment company. 
 EQ AZ Life Re means EQ AZ Life Re Company, an Arizona corporation and a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Holdings. 
 ERISA means Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
 ESG means environmental, social and governance 
 ETF means exchange traded funds 
 Exchange Act means Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 FABN means Funding Agreement Backed Notes Program 
 FASB means Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 FDIC means Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
 FTSE means Financial Times Stock Exchange 
 FHLB means Federal Home Loan Bank 
 FINRA means Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. 
 FIO means Federal Insurance Office 
 FSOC means Financial Stability Oversight Council 
 GAIA means general account investment portfolio 
 GIO means guaranteed interest option 
 Holdings means Equitable Holdings, Inc. 
 IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards 
 Investment Advisers Act means Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended 
 IRS means Internal Revenue Service 
 ISDA Master Agreement means International Swaps and Derivatives Association Master Agreement 
 IT means information technology 
 IUS means Investments Under Surveillance 
 K-12 education market means individuals in the kindergarten, primary and secondary education market 

151 

KBRA means Kroll Bond Rating Agency 
 LDTI means long duration targeted improvements 
 LGD means loss given default 
 LIBOR means London Interbank Offered Rate 
 LTV means loan-to-value 
 Manual means Accounting Practices and Procedures Manual as established by the NAIC 
 MD A means Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 MRBs means market risk benefits 
 MSCI means Morgan Stanley Capital International 
 MSO means Market Stabilizer Option 
 NAIC means National Association of Insurance Commissioners 
 NAR means net amount at risk 
 NAV means net asset value 
 NFA means National Futures Association 
 NLG means no-lapse guarantee 
 NMS means National Market System 
 NRSRO means Nationally Recognized Statistical Ratings Organization 
 NYDFS means New York State Department of Financial Services 
 NYS means New York State 
 OCI means other comprehensive income 
 OTC means over-the-counter 
 OTTI means other than temporary impairment 
 PD means probability of default 
 PFBL means profits followed by losses 
 RBG means the Retirement Benefits Group, a specialized division of Equitable Advisors 
 REIT means real estate investment trusts 
 ROE means return on equity 
 RoU means right of use 
 RSUs means restricted stock units 
 RTM means reversion to the mean 
 SAP means statutory accounting principles 
 SCB LLC means Sanford C. Bernstein Co., LLC, a registered investment adviser and broker-dealer. 
 SCS means Structured Capital Strategies 

SEC means U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
 SECURE means Setting Every Community Up for Retirement Enhancement 
 SIO means structured investment option 
 SPE means special purpose entity 
 SSAP means Statements of Standard Accounting Practice 
 TDRs means troubled debt restructurings 
 TIPS means treasury inflation-protected securities 
 Topix means Tokyo Stock Price Index 
 U.S. means United States 
 U.S. GAAP means accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America 
 USD means United States Dollar 
 VIAC means Venerable Insurance and Annuity Company 
 VIE means variable interest entity 
 VISL means variable interest-sensitive life 
 VOE means voting interest entity 

152 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 Number 
 Description 
 3.1 
 Restated Charter of Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company, effective as of June 15, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 3.2 
 By-laws of Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company, as amended September 23, 2020 (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 10.1 
 Coinsurance and modified coinsurance agreement, dated as of June 1, 2021, between Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company and Corporate Solutions Life Reinsurance Company (redacted) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed by Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company on June 1, 2021. 10.2 
 Master Transaction Agreement, dated as of August 16, 2022 among Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company and First Allmerica Financial Life Insurance Company (redacted) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022). 10.3 
 Coinsurance and Modified Coinsurance Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2022, between Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company and First Allmerica Financial Life Insurance Company (redacted) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ending September 30, 2022). 23.1 
 # Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 31.1 
 # Section 302 Certification made by the registrant s Chief Executive Officer 31.2 
 # Section 302 Certification made by the registrant s Chief Financial Officer 32.1 
 # Section 906 Certification made by the registrant s Chief Executive Officer 32.2 
 # Section 906 Certification made by the registrant s Chief Financial Officer 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibits 101). 
 ______________ 
 # Filed herewith. 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 21, 2023. 
 
 EQUITABLE FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY By: /s/ Mark Pearson Name: Mark Pearson Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant, and in the capacities indicated, on February 21, 2023. 
 153 

Signature 
 Title 
 /s/ Mark Pearson Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Mark Pearson /s/ Robin M. Raju Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Robin M. Raju /s/ William Eckert Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) William Eckert /s/ Francis Hondal Director Francis Hondal /s/ Arlene Isaacs-Lowe Director Arlene Isaacs-Lowe /s/ Daniel G. Kaye Director Daniel G. Kaye /s/ Joan M. Lamm-Tennant Chair of the Board Joan M. Lamm-Tennant /s/ Craig MacKay Director Craig MacKay /s/ Kristi A. Matus Director Kristi A. Matus /s/ Bertram L. Scott Director Bertram L. Scott /s/ George H. Stansfield Director George H. Stansfield /s/ Charles G. T. Stonehill Director Charles G. T. Stonehill 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 efl-12312022exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-258708, 333-262804, 333-262807, 333-262812, 333-263557, 333-262809, 333-236436, 333-236431, 333-263743, 333-236443, 333-265008 and 333-262805) of Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company of our report dated February 21, 2023 relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedules, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 efl-12312022exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Mark Pearson, Chief Executive Officer of Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company, certify that 
 
 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company (the Registrant 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5) The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 21, 2023 
 
 s Mark Pearson Mark Pearson Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 efl-12312022exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Robin M. Raju, Chief Financial Officer of Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company, certify that 
 
 1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company (the Registrant 
 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4) The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5) The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 21, 2023 

s Robin M. Raju Robin M. Raju Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 efl-12312022exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark Pearson, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 21, 2023 
 
 s Mark Pearson Mark Pearson Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 efl-12312022exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robin M. Raju, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date February 21, 2023 
 
 s Robin M. Raju Robin M. Raju Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 efl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 efl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 efl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 efl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 efl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

