<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1825265_0000950170-23-010241.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10253535</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>231234</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1392005</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4371121</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1645470</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2422604</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-010241.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328150254
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-010241
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TCW Direct Lending VIII LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001825265
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01420
		FILM NUMBER:		23768882

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 CLARENDON STREET, 51ST FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2132440000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		865 S FIGUEROA ST SUITE 1800
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-010241.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 ck0001825265-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

None 
 
 Not applicable 
 
 Not applicable 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: (Title of Class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of December 31, 2022 , there was established public market for the Registrant s common units. 
 The number of the Registrant s common units outstanding at March 28, 2023 was . 

Auditor Firm Id:	 	Auditor Name: 	 	Auditor Location:	 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 22 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 37 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 37 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 37 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 38 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 50 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 50 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 50 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 51 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 52 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 52 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 52 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 52 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 52 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 53 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 54 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about us, our prospective portfolio investments, our industry, our beliefs, and our assumptions. Words such as anticipates, expects, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates, would, should, targets, projects, and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and are difficult to predict, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in forward-looking statements including, without limitation: 
 an economic downturn could impair our portfolio companies ability to continue to operate, which could lead to the loss of some or all of our investments in such portfolio companies; 

an economic downturn could disproportionately impact the companies which we intend to target for investment, potentially causing us to experience a decrease in investment opportunities and diminished demand for capital from these companies; 

a contraction of available credit could impair our ability to obtain leverage; 

interest rate volatility could adversely affect our results, particularly if we elect to use leverage as part of our investment strategy; 

our future operating results; 

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their financial and other business objectives; 

competition with other entities and our affiliates for investment opportunities; 

the impact of changing market conditions and lending standards on our ability to compete with other industry participants, including other business development companies, private and public funds, individual and institutional investors, and financial institutions for investment opportunities; 

the social, geopolitical, financial, trade and legal implications of the trade and cooperation agreement arising from Brexit, as well as future agreements between the United Kingdom and various countries in the European Union; 

pandemics or other serious public health events; 

an inability to replicate the historical success of any previously launched fund managed by the private credit team of our investment adviser, TCW Asset Management Company LLC (the Adviser , also the Administrator ); 

the speculative and illiquid nature of our investments; 

the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments; 

the adequacy of our financing sources and working capital; 

the costs associated with being an entity registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ); 

uncertainty surrounding the financial and political stability of the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Russia, Ukraine and China; 

the loss of key personnel of the Adviser; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 

1 

the ability of the Adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 

the ability of the TCW Group, Inc. to attract and retain highly talented professionals that can provide services to the Adviser and Administrator; 

our ability to qualify and maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company, or RIC, under Subchapter M of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act and the related tax implications; 

the effect of legal, tax and regulatory changes; and 

the other risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify under Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, some of those assumptions are based on the work of third parties and any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate; as a result, the forward- looking statements based on those assumptions also could prove to be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this report should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. You should not place undue reliance on these forward- looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this report. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements or any other information contained herein, except as required by applicable law. The safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 1934 Act ), which preclude civil liability for certain forward-looking statements, do not apply to the forward-looking statements in this report because we are an investment company. 
 2 

PART I 
 
 In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, except as otherwise indicated, the terms: 
 TCW Direct Lending VIII LLC, Company, we, us, and our refers to TCW Direct Lending VIII LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 The Adviser refers to TCW Asset Management Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 It em 1. Business. 
 (a) General Development of Business 
 We were formed on September 3, 2020 as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware. We conducted a private offering of our common limited liability company units (the Units to investors in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). On January 21, 2022, we completed the first closing of the sale of our Common Units pursuant to which we sold 4,543,770 Common Units at an aggregate purchase price of 454.4 million. On July 8, 2022, we completed the second closing of the sale of our Common Units pursuant to which we sold 2,178,280 Common Units for an aggregate offering price of 217.8 million. On November 14, 2022, we completed the third closing of the sale of our Common Units pursuant to which we sold 642,500 Common Units for an aggregate offering price of 64.3 million. 
 We are an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company. On July 22, 2021, we filed an election to be regulated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). We also intend to elect to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a BDC and a RIC, we will be are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements, such as the requirement to invest at least 70 of our assets in qualifying assets, source of income limitations, asset diversification requirements, and the requirement to distribute annually at least 90 of our taxable income and tax-exempt interest. 
 We are a direct lending investment company that seeks to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns primarily through direct investments in senior secured loans to middle market companies or other issuers. We are managed by the TCW Private Credit Group (the Private Credit Group ), a group of investment professionals that will use the same investment strategy employed by the Private Credit Group over the past 22 years. 
 Although we are primarily focused on investing in senior secured debt obligations, there may be occasions where our investments may be unsecured. We may also consider making an equity investment, in combination with a debt investment. Our investments are in portfolio companies formed as corporations, partnerships and other business entities. Our typical investment commitment is between 5 million and 50 million. The general maturity and duration for our investments is approximately five years. We focus our investments in portfolio companies in a variety of industries. While we focus on investments in middle market companies, we may invest in larger or smaller companies. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We will consider financings for many different purposes, including corporate acquisitions, growth opportunities, liquidity needs, rescue situations, recapitalizations, debtor-in-possession DIP loans, bridge loans and Chapter 11 exits. 
 The issuers in which we invest are typically highly leveraged, and, in most cases, these investments will not be rated by any rating agency. If these investments were rated, we believe that they would likely receive a rating from a nationally recognized statistical rating organization of below investment grade, which is often referred to as junk. Exposure to below investment grade securities involves certain risks, and those securities are viewed as speculative with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. 
 Because we intend to remain qualified as a RIC under the Code, our portfolio is subject to diversification and other requirements. See Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences. In addition to those diversification 
 3 

requirements, we will not invest more than 10 of investors aggregate capital commitments to us through the Units (the Commitments in any single portfolio company. 
 We borrow money from time to time, but do not intend to exceed a 1:1 debt-to-equity ratio, or such other maximum amount as may be permitted by applicable law. In determining whether to borrow money, we will analyze the maturity, covenant package and rate structure of proposed borrowings as well as the risks of such borrowings compared to our investment outlook. The use of borrowed funds or the proceeds of preferred units issued by the Company (the Preferred Units to make investments would have its own specific set of benefits and risks, and all of the costs of borrowing funds or issuing preferred units would be borne by the holders of the Units (each, a Unitholder ). See Item 1A. Risk Factors Borrowing Money. 
 
 The Adviser 
 Our investment activities are managed by the Adviser. Subject to the overall supervision of our board of directors, the Adviser manages our day-to-day operations and provides investment advisory and management services to us pursuant to the investment advisory and management agreement (the Advisory Agreement by and between the Adviser and us. 
 The Adviser is a Delaware limited liability company registered with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ), and has been since 1970. The Adviser is a wholly owned subsidiary of The TCW Group, Inc. (the TCW Group and together with its affiliated companies (collectively, TCW manages or has committed to manage approximately 205 billion of assets as of December 31, 2022. Such assets are managed in various formats, including managed accounts, funds, structured products and other investment vehicles, including TCW Direct Lending LLC and TCW Direct Lending VII LLC (together with their five predecessor funds, the Direct Lending Funds ). 
 The Adviser is responsible for sourcing investment opportunities, conducting industry research, performing diligence on potential investments, structuring our investments and monitoring our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. 
 
 The Private Credit Group 
 The Private Credit Group joined the TCW Group in December 2012. The Private Credit Group was previously with Regiment Capital Advisors, LP, an independent investment manager based in Boston, Massachusetts. The Private Credit Group is launching the Company as its eighth Direct Lending Fund. The Private Credit Group is led by Richard Miller and currently includes a group of 22 investment professionals who have substantial investing, corporate finance, and merger and acquisition expertise and also significant experience in leveraged transactions, high yield financings and restructurings. 
 The Private Credit Group and other investment professionals of the Adviser have extensive experience in the capital markets, including work on deal origination, due diligence, transaction structuring, and portfolio management in the public and private markets across a wide spectrum of securities and industries. The Adviser believes that the experience of its investment professionals, and the Private Credit Group in particular, should position us to achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns. 
 The investment approach of the Private Credit Group is primarily to originate and invest in loans to middle market companies and generally focuses on the following: 
 Investing in adjustable-rate, senior secured investment opportunities; 

Maintaining a principal preservation/absolute return focus; 

Investing capital in a disciplined manner with an eye towards finding opportunities in both positive and negative markets, without attempting to time markets; and 

Evaluating investment opportunities on a risk-adjusted return basis. 

4 

We employ the investment approach and strategy the Private Credit Group developed and implemented over the past 22 years of investing in the middle markets. The approach focuses on the fundamental objectives of preserving capital and generating attractive risk-adjusted returns. 
 
 The Private Credit Group s Investment Committee 
 The Private Credit Group s investment committee (the Investment Committee evaluates and approves all investments by the Adviser. The Investment Committee process is intended to bring the diverse experiences and perspectives of the committee members to the analysis and consideration of every investment. The Investment Committee determines appropriate investment sizing, structure, pricing, and ongoing monitoring requirements for each investment, thus serving to provide investment consistency and adherence to the Adviser s investment philosophies and policies. In addition to reviewing investments, the Investment Committee meetings serve as a forum to discuss credit views and outlooks. Potential transactions and deal flow are also reviewed on a regular basis. The team s investment professionals are encouraged to share information and views on credits with the Investment Committee early in their analysis. This process improves the quality of the analysis and enables the investment team members to work more efficiently. Each proposed transaction is presented to the Investment Committee for consideration in a formal written report. Each of our new investments, and the disposition or sale of each existing investment, must be approved by the Investment Committee. 
 The Adviser will keep our board of directors well informed as to the identity and title of each member of its Investment Committee and provide to the Company s board of directors such other information with respect to such persons and the functioning of the Investment Committee and the Private Credit Group as the board of directors may from time to time request. 
 The Investment Committee will initially be composed of five members of the Private Credit Group. The members of the Investment Committee are Richard T. Miller, Suzanne Grosso, Ryan Carroll, Mark Gertzof and David Wang. Richard T. Miller, Suzanne Grosso, Mark Gertzof and David Wang, are referred to as Key Persons of the Company. 
 We use the expertise of the members of the Investment Committee/Key Persons (including Mr. Miller, Ms. Grosso, Mr. Carroll, Mr. Gertzof, and Mr. Wang), and the Private Credit Group to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our investments. In addition, we expect that the relationships developed by the Private Credit Group will enable us to learn about, and compete effectively for, financing opportunities with attractive middle market companies. For additional information concerning the competitive risks we face. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Competition for Investment Opportunities. 
 
 Investment Advisory and Management Agreement 
 Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser will: 
 determine the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 

identify, evaluate and negotiate the structure of the investments we make (including performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies); 

determine the assets we will originate, purchase, retain or sell; 

close, monitor and administer the investments we make, including the exercise of any rights in our capacity as a lender; and 

provide us such other investment advice, research and related services as we may, from time to time, require. 

The Adviser s services under the Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and the Adviser is free to furnish similar or other services to others so long as its services to us are not impaired. Under the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser will receive a management fee and an incentive fee from us as described below. 
 5 

The Advisory Agreement was approved by our board of directors at the initial board meeting. Unless earlier terminated as described below, the Advisory Agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from its effective date and will remain in effect from year to year thereafter if approved annually by (i) the vote of our board of directors, or by the vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, and (ii) the vote of a majority of our directors who are not interested persons (as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) of the Company, the Adviser or any of their respective affiliates (the Independent Directors ). The Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of an assignment by the Adviser. The Advisory Agreement may be terminated by either party, or by a vote of the majority of our outstanding voting units or, if less, such lower percentage as required by the 1940 Act, without penalty upon not less than 60 days prior written notice to the applicable party. If the Advisory Agreement is terminated according to this paragraph, we will pay the Adviser a pro-rated portion of the Management Fee and Incentive Fee (each as defined below). See Item 1A. Risk Factors Dependence on Key Personnel and Other Management. 
 The Adviser will not assume any responsibility to us other than to render the services described in, and on the terms of, the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement, and will not be responsible for any action of our board of directors in declining to follow the advice or recommendations of the Adviser. Under the terms of the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser (and its members, managers, officers, employees, agents, controlling persons and any other person or entity affiliated with it) and any person who otherwise serves at the request of the board of directors on our behalf (in each case, an Indemnitee will not, in the absence of its own willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such Indemnitee s respective position, be liable to us or to our investors for (a) any mistake in judgment, (b) any act performed or omission made by it or (c) losses due to the mistake, action, inaction or negligence of our other agents. 
 We will indemnify each Indemnitee for any loss, damage or expense incurred by such Indemnitee on our behalf or in furtherance of the interests of our investors or otherwise arising out of or in connection with the Company, except for losses (x) arising from such Indemnitee s own willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such Indemnitee s position or losses due to a violation of an applicable law or regulation by the Indemnitee or (y) arising from the Indemnitee defending an actual or threatened claim, action, suit or proceeding against the Indemnitee brought or initiated by the Company, the board of directors of the Company and/or the Adviser (or brought or initiated by the Indemnitee against the Company, the board of directors of the Company and/or the Adviser). If we do not have sufficient available funds to satisfy such an indemnification liability or obligation and each Unitholder has already made aggregate contributions pursuant to drawdowns equal to such Unitholder s Commitment plus amounts that can be recalled, then we may require that each Unitholder return distributions we have previously made to such Unitholder to satisfy its proportionate share of the shortfall; provided, however, that no Unitholder shall be required (i) to return an aggregate amount in excess of the lesser of (a) the aggregate amount of distributions we made to such Unitholder and (b) 25 of such Unitholder s aggregate Commitment or (ii) to return amounts distributed to such Unitholder more than three years prior to the date such Unitholder is informed of a potential indemnification claim. 
 U.S. federal and state securities laws may impose liability under certain circumstances on persons who act in good faith. Nothing in the Advisory Agreement will constitute a waiver or limitation of any rights that we may have under any applicable federal or state securities laws. 
 Management Fee 
 We pay to the Adviser, quarterly in arrears, a management fee (the Management Fee calculated as follows: 0.3125 (i.e., 1.25 per annum) of the average gross assets of the Company on a consolidated basis, with the average determined based on the gross assets of the Company as of the end of the three most recently completed calendar months. Gross assets means the amortized cost of our portfolio investments (including portfolio investments purchased with borrowed funds and other forms of leverage, such as preferred units, public and private debt issuances, derivative instruments, repurchase agreements and other similar instruments or arrangements) that have not been sold, distributed to members, or written off for tax purposes (but reduced by any portion of such cost basis that has been written down to reflect a permanent impairment of value of any portfolio investment), and excluding cash and cash equivalents. The Management Fee for any partial month or quarter will be appropriately pro-rated. While the Management Fee accrues from the Initial Closing Date, the Adviser intends to defer payment of 
 6 

such fee to the extent that such fee is greater than the aggregate amount of interest and fee income earned by the Company. 
 Incentive Fee 
 In addition, the Adviser will receive an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee as follows: 
 (a) First, no Incentive Fee will be owed until the Unitholders have collectively received cumulative distributions pursuant to this clause (a) equal to their aggregate capital contributions in respect of all Units; 

(b) Second, no Incentive Fee will be owed until the Unitholders have collectively received cumulative distributions equal to an 8.0 internal rate of return on their aggregate capital contributions in respect of all Units (the Hurdle ); 

(c) Third, the Adviser will be entitled to an Incentive Fee out of 100 of additional amounts otherwise distributable to Unitholders until such time as the Incentive Fee paid to the Adviser is equal to 15 of the sum of (i) the amount by which the Hurdle exceeds the aggregate capital contributions of the Unitholders in respect of all Units and (ii) the amount of Incentive Fee being paid to the Adviser pursuant to this clause (c); and 

(d) Thereafter, the Adviser will be entitled to an Incentive Fee equal to 15 of additional amounts otherwise distributable to Unitholders, with the remaining 85 distributed to the Unitholders. 

The Incentive Fee will be calculated on a cumulative basis and the amount of the Incentive Fee payable in connection with any distribution (or deemed distribution) will be determined and, if applicable, paid in accordance with the foregoing formula each time amounts are to be distributed to the Unitholders. 
 Example Incentive Fee Calculations 
 Case #1 (5.00 return on contributed capital) 
 Assume 100.00 of aggregate contributed capital, with the entire amount contributed on January 1. 
 The Company produces 5.00 of net profit over the year (after payment of all Company expenses including the Management Fee) and liquidates on December 31, designating 105.00 for distribution and Incentive Fee payments. 
 Step 1: Unitholders receive distributions totaling their 100.00 of aggregate contributed capital. There remains 5.00 designated for distribution and Incentive Fee payments. 
 Step 2: Unitholders are entitled to 100 of the remaining amount until they have received an 8 annual return on their unreturned contributed capital, which in this case totals 8.00. The remaining 5.00 is distributed to the Unitholders in satisfaction of this entitlement, leaving no further amounts designated for distribution and Incentive Fee payments. 
 In this case the total Incentive Fee received by the Adviser is 0.00, or 0 of the 5.00 of net profit to the Company. 
 Case #2 (8.75 return on contributed capital) 
 Assume 100.00 of aggregate contributed capital, with the entire amount contributed on January 1. 
 The Company produces 8.75 of net profit over the year (after payment of all Company expenses including the Management Fee) and liquidates on December 31, designating 108.75 for distribution and Incentive Fee payments. 
 Step 1: Unitholders receive distributions totaling their 100.00 of aggregate contributed capital. There remains 8.75 designated for distribution and Incentive Fee payments. 
 7 

Step 2: Unitholders are entitled to 100 of the remaining amount until they have received an 8 annual return on their unreturned contributed capital, which in this case totals 8.00. 8.00 is distributed to the Unitholders in satisfaction of this entitlement. There remains 0.75 designated for distribution and Incentive Fee payments. 
 Step 3: The Adviser is entitled to 100 of the remaining amount until it has received 15 of total distributions and Incentive Fee payments in excess of contributed capital, which in this case totals approximately 1.41. The remaining 0.75 is paid to the Adviser as an Incentive Fee, leaving no further amounts designated for distribution and Incentive Fee payments. 
 In this case the total Incentive Fee received by the Adviser is 0.75, or 8.57 of the 8.75 of net profit to the Company. 
 Case #3 (12.00 return on contributed capital) 
 Assume 100 of aggregate contributed capital, with the entire amount contributed on January 1. 
 The Company produces 12.00 of net profit over the year (after payment of all Company expenses including the Management Fee) and liquidates on December 31, designating 112.00 for distribution and Incentive Fee payments. 
 Step 1: Unitholders receive distributions totaling their 100.00 of aggregate contributed capital. There remains 12.00 designated for distribution and Incentive Fee payments. 
 Step 2: Unitholders are entitled to 100 of the remaining amount until they have received an 8 annual return on their unreturned contributed capital, which in this case totals 8.00. 8.00 is distributed to the Unitholders in satisfaction of this entitlement. There remains 4.00 designated for distribution and Incentive Fee payments. 
 Step 3: The Adviser is entitled to 100 of the remaining amount until it has received 15 of total distributions and Incentive Fee payments in excess of contributed capital, which in this case totals approximately 1.41. Such amount is paid to the Adviser as an Incentive Fee in satisfaction of this entitlement. There remains approximately 2.59 designated for distribution and Incentive Fee payments. 
 Step 4: Unitholders are entitled to 85 of the remaining amount and the Adviser is entitled to 15 of the remaining amount. Therefore, the Unitholders receive approximately 2.20 in additional distributions while the Adviser receives approximately 0.39 in additional Incentive Fee payments. 
 In this case the total Incentive Fee received by the Adviser is 1.80, or 15.00 of the 12.00 of net profit to the Company. 

If the Advisory Agreement terminates early for any reason other than (i) the Adviser voluntarily terminating the agreement or our terminating the agreement for cause (as set out in the Advisory Agreement), we will be required to pay the Adviser a final incentive fee payment (the Final Incentive Fee Payment ). The Final Incentive Fee Payment will be calculated as of the date the Advisory Agreement is so terminated and will equal the amount of Incentive Fee that would be payable to the Adviser if (A) all our investments were liquidated for their current value (but without taking into account any unrealized appreciation of any portfolio investment), and any unamortized deferred portfolio investment-related fees were deemed accelerated, (B) the proceeds from such liquidation were used to pay all our outstanding liabilities, and (C) the remainder were distributed to Unitholders and paid as Incentive Fee in accordance with the waterfall (i.e., clauses (a) through (d)) described above for determining the amount of the Incentive Fee. We will make the Final Incentive Fee Payment in cash on or immediately following the date the Advisory Agreement is so terminated. The Adviser Return Obligation (defined below) will not apply in connection with a Final Incentive Fee Payment. 
 Adviser Return Obligation 
 After we have made our final distribution of assets in connection with our dissolution, if the Adviser has received aggregate payments of Incentive Fees in excess of the amount the Adviser was entitled to receive pursuant to 
 8 

Incentive Fee above, then the Adviser will return to us, on or before 90 days after such final distribution of assets, an amount equal to such excess (the Adviser Return Obligation ). Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, in no event will the Adviser be required to return to us an amount greater than the aggregate Incentive Fees paid to the Adviser, reduced by the excess (if any) of (a) the aggregate federal, state and local income tax liability the Adviser incurred in connection with the payment of such Incentive Fees, over (b) an amount equal to the U.S. federal and state tax benefits available to the Adviser by virtue of the payment made by the Adviser pursuant to its Adviser Return Obligation. 
 Administration Agreement 
 We entered into an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement with TCW Asset Management Company LLC TAMCO or the Administrator under which the Administrator will furnish us with office facilities and equipment, and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator will oversee the maintenance of our financial records and otherwise assist with our compliance with BDC and RIC rules, monitor the payment of our expenses, oversee the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others, be responsible for the financial and other records that we are required to maintain, prepare and disseminate reports to our Unitholders and reports and other materials to be filed with the SEC or other regulators, assist us in determining and publishing (as necessary or appropriate) our net asset value, oversee the preparation and filing of our tax returns, generally oversee the payment of our expenses and provide such other services as the Administrator, subject to review of our board of directors, shall from time to time determine to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under the Administration Agreement. The Administrator may perform these services directly, may delegate some or all of them through the retention of a sub-administrator and may remove or replace any sub-administrator. 
 Payments under the Administration Agreement are equal to an amount that reimburses the Administrator for the costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations and providing personnel and facilities under the Administration Agreement. The amounts paid pursuant to the Administration Agreement are subject to Company Expenses Limitation (as defined herein). The Administrator agrees that it would not charge total fees under the Administration Agreement that would exceed its reasonable estimate of what a qualified third party would charge to perform substantially similar services. The costs and expenses paid by the Company and the applicable caps on certain costs and expenses are described below under Expenses below. 
 The Administration Agreement provides that neither the Administrator, nor any director, officer, agent or employee of the Administrator, shall be liable or responsible to us or any of our Unitholders for any error of judgment, mistake of law or any loss arising out of any investment, or for any other act or omission in the performance by such person or persons of their respective duties, except for liability resulting from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence, or reckless disregard of their respective duties. We will also indemnify the Administrator and its members, managers, officers, employees, agents, controlling persons and any other person or entity affiliated with it. 
 Expenses 
 Subject to the Company Expenses Limitation (as defined below), we, and indirectly our Unitholders, shall bear and be responsible for all costs, expenses and liabilities in connection with the organization, operations, administration and transactions of the Company Company Expenses ). Company Expenses shall include, without limitation: (a) Organizational Expenses and expenses associated with the issuance of the Units and organizational expenses of a related entity organized and managed by TCW as a feeder fund for Fund VIII and issuance of interests therein; (b) expenses of calculating our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); (c) fees payable to third parties, including agents, consultants, attorneys or other advisors, relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; (d) expenses incurred by the Adviser or the Administrator payable to third parties, including agents, consultants, attorneys or other advisors, relating to or associated with, evaluating and making investments; (e) costs associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act, 1934 Act and other applicable federal or state securities laws; (f) fees and expenses incurred in connection with debt incurred to finance our investments or operations, and payment of interest and repayment of principal on such debt; (g) expenses related to sales and purchases of Units and other securities; (h) Management Fees and Incentive Fees; (i) administrator fees and expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, provided that any such fees payable to the Administrator shall be limited to what a qualified third party would charge to perform substantially 
 9 

similar services; (j) transfer agent, sub-administrator and custodial fees; (k) expenses relating to the issue, repurchase and transfer of Units to the extent not borne by the relevant transferring Unitholders and/or assignees; (l) federal and state registration fees; (m) federal, state and local taxes and other governmental charges assessed against us; (n) Independent Directors fees and expenses and the costs associated with convening a meeting of the Board or any committee thereof; (o) fees and expenses and the costs associated with convening a meeting of the Unitholders or holders of any Preferred Units; (p) costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to Unitholders, including printing and mailing costs; (q) costs and expenses related to the preparation of our financial statements and tax returns; (r) our allocable portion of the fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; (s) direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, and copying; (t) independent auditors and outside legal costs, including legal costs associated with any requests for exemptive relief, no-action positions or other guidance sought from a regulator, pertaining to us; (u) compensation of other third party professionals to the extent they are devoted to preparing our financial statements or tax returns or providing similar back office financial services to us; (v) Adviser costs and expenses (excluding travel) in connection with identifying and investigating investment opportunities for us, monitoring our investments and disposing of any such investments; (w) portfolio risk management costs; (x) commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of securities (including merger fees); (y) costs and expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, commercial banking, accounting, auditing, appraisal, valuation, administrative agent activities, custodial and registration services provided to us, including in each case services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities by us that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such securities or others (whether or not such purchase or sale is consummated); (z) costs of amending, restating or modifying our operating agreement (the LLC Agreement or Advisory Agreement or related documents of us or related entities; (aa) fees, costs, and expenses incurred in connection with the termination, liquidation or dissolution of us or related entities; and (bb) all other properly and reasonably chargeable expenses incurred by us or the Administrator in connection with administering our business. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will not bear more than (a) an amount equal to 10 basis points of our aggregate Commitments for Organizational Expenses and offering expenses in connection with the offering of Units through the Closing Period (see The Private Offering Closing Period and (b) 12.5 basis points of the greater of total commitments or total assets computed annually for Company Expenses Company Expenses Limitation ); provided, that, any amount by which actual annual expenses in (b) exceed the Company Expenses Limitation shall be reimbursed to us by the Adviser in year such excess is incurred with any partial year assessed and reimbursed on a pro rata basis; and provided, further, that in determining the Company Expenses subject to the Company Expenses Limitation in (b), the following expenses shall be excluded and shall be borne by us as incurred without regard to the Company Expenses Limitation in (b): the Management Fee, the Incentive Fee, Organizational Expenses and offering expenses (which are subject to the separate cap), amounts incurred in connection with our borrowings (including collateral agent (security trustee) fees, interest, bank fees, legal fees and other transactional expenses arising out of or related to any borrowing or borrowing facility and similar costs), transfer agent fees, federal, state and local taxes and other governmental charges assessed against us, out-of-pocket expenses of calculating our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm engaged for that purpose and the costs and expenses of the valuation of our portfolio investments performed by our independent auditors in order to comply with applicable Public Company Accounting Oversight Board standards), out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with arranging or structuring investments and their ongoing operations (including expenses and liabilities related to the formation and ongoing operations of any special purpose entity or entities in connection with an investment), legal costs associated with any requests for exemptive relief, no-action positions or other guidance sought from a regulator pertaining to us, costs and expenses relating to any reorganization or liquidation of the Company, directors, and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any extraordinary expenses (such as litigation expenses and indemnification payments). Notwithstanding the foregoing, amounts reimbursed pursuant to the Company Expenses Limitation in any year may be carried forward by the Adviser and recouped in future years where the Company Expenses Limitation is not exceeded but in no event will we carryforward to future periods the amount by which actual annual Company Expenses for a year exceed the Company Expenses Limitation for more than three years from the date on which such expenses were reimbursed. 
 Adviser Operating Expenses means overhead and operating and administrative expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Adviser or any of its affiliates, including us, in connection with maintaining and operating the Adviser s office, including salaries and other compensation (including compensation due to its officers), rent, routine office 
 10 

equipment expense and liability and insurance premiums (other than (i) those incurred in maintaining fidelity bonds and Indemnitee insurance policies and (ii) the allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations), in furtherance of providing supervisory investment management services for us. For the avoidance of doubt, Adviser Operating Expenses include any expenses incurred by the Adviser or its affiliates in connection with the Adviser s registration as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended Advisers Act ), or with its compliance as a registered investment adviser thereunder. 
 All Adviser Operating Expenses and all our expenses that we will not bear, as set forth above, will be borne by the Adviser or its affiliates. 
 Employees 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. Services necessary for our business will be provided through the Administration Agreement and the Advisory Agreement. 
 License Agreement 
 On January 21, 2022, we entered into a license agreement (the License Agreement with an affiliate of the Adviser, pursuant to which we are granted a non-exclusive license to use the name TCW . Under the License Agreement, we have a right to use the TCW name and logo for so long as the Adviser or one of its affiliates remains our investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the TCW name or logo. 
 
 Competition 
 We compete for investments with a number of business development companies and other investment funds (including private equity funds and venture capital funds), special purpose acquisition company sponsors, investment banks that underwrite initial public offerings, hedge funds that invest in private investments in public equities, traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks, and other sources of financing. Many of these entities have greater financial and managerial resources than we do. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act and the Code will impose on us as a BDC and a RIC. 
 Derivatives 
 We do not expect derivatives to be a significant component of our investment strategy. We retain the flexibility, however, to utilize hedging techniques, such as interest rate swaps, to mitigate potential interest rate risk on our indebtedness. Such interest rate swaps would principally be used to protect us against higher costs on our indebtedness resulting from increases in both short-term and long-term interest rates. 
 We also may use various hedging and other risk management strategies to seek to manage additional risks, including changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates. Such hedging strategies would be utilized to seek to protect the value of our portfolio investments, for example, against foreign currency fluctuations vis- -vis the U.S. Dollar or possible adverse changes in the market value of securities held in our portfolio. 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 We are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act and we are eligible to take advantage of certain specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise generally applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Although we have not made a determination whether to take advantage of any or all of these exemptions, we expect to remain an emerging growth company for up to five years following the completion of any initial public offering by us or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed 1.07 billion, (ii) December 31 of the fiscal year that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the 1934 Act which would occur if the market value of our Units that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of 
 11 

the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter and we have been publicly reporting for at least 12 calendar months or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the preceding three-year period. In addition, we may take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 
 The Private Offering 
 In connection with its subscription for Units, each of our investors will make a Commitment to us and will receive one Unit for every one hundred dollars of such investor s accepted Commitment (for example, an investor making a Commitment of 200 million would be issued two million Units). Each Unit will be issued for a purchase price of 0.01 per Unit (the Original Issuance Price and will obligate the Unitholder to make additional future capital contributions of 99.99. The amount that remains to be drawn down with respect to a Unit is referred to as that Unit s Undrawn Commitment. The minimum Commitment by an investor will be 10 million (i.e., 100,000 Units), although Commitments of lesser amounts may be accepted at our discretion. 
 Each investor will be required to enter into a subscription agreement in connection with its Commitment (a Subscription Agreement ). The Subscription Agreement sets forth, among other things, the terms and conditions upon which the investors will purchase Units, the circumstances under which we may draw down capital from investors, certain covenants that all investors must agree to, and the remedies available to us in the event that an investor defaults on its obligation to make capital contributions. If an investor fails to fund its capital contribution, interest will accrue at the default rate (as defined herein) on the outstanding unpaid balance of such capital contribution, from and including the date such capital contribution was due until the earlier of the date of payment of such capital contribution by such investor. The Default Rate with respect to any period shall be the lesser of (a) a variable rate equal to the prime rate in effect, from time to time, during such period plus 6 or (b) the highest interest rate for such period permitted by applicable law. We may waive the requirement to pay interest, in whole or in part. In addition, the Subscription Agreement includes an Investor Suitability Questionnaire designed to ensure that all investors are qualified purchasers as defined in the 1940 Act, and also are either (i) accredited investors, as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act, or (ii) in the case of Units sold outside the United States, persons that are not U.S. persons in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 While we expect each Subscription Agreement to reflect the terms and conditions summarized in the preceding paragraph, we reserve the right to enter into Subscription Agreements that contain terms and conditions not found in the Subscription Agreements entered into with other investors, subject to applicable law. No Unitholder will be granted, in its Subscription Agreement, the right to invest in Units on more favorable economic terms and conditions than other Unitholders. 
 Closing Period 
 The first date on which we began accepting Subscription Agreements and issue Units to persons not affiliated with the Adviser is referred to as the Initial Closing Date. On January 21, 2022, we completed the first closing of the sale of our Common Units pursuant to which we sold 4,543,770 Common Units at an aggregate purchase price of 454.4 million. 
 After the Initial Closing Date, we held additional closings at which we issued Units. The additional closings occurred during the 12 month period following the Initial Closing Date and that the period during which Units are being offered (the Closing Period was set to terminate upon the 12 month anniversary of the Initial Closing Date. On January 6, 2023, our Unitholders voted and approved to amend the LLC Agreement for the purpose of extending the Closing Period by six months, such that it would be defined as the eighteen-month period following the Initial Closing Date. 
 Investors admitted as Initial Closing Members that participated in a closing following the Initial Closing Date, and existing Members receiving newly issued Common Units because their initial commitment did not reflect their total commitment due to regulatory, legal, or other constraints applicable to the Company s or investor s portfolio at the time of initial commitment, are not deemed Later-Closing Investors. Later-Closing Investor status is determined on a look-through basis with respect to any feeder fund. In advance of each additional closing, and as close to it as practicable, the Company allocated its estimated profits and losses through that date, and distributed to Unitholders 
 12 

any undistributed estimated profits in cash to the extent there is available cash and through a deemed capital call and corresponding deemed distribution to the extent there is not sufficient available cash (on each occasion, a Pre-Closing Distribution ). 
 Each investor who participated in a closing following the Initial Closing Date (a Later-Closing Investor was issued Units in exchange for the Original Issuance Price and was required to contribute to us in respect of each Unit newly issued to such investor: 
 (i) an amount equal to the amount of any additional capital contributions we had previously drawn down with respect to a Unit issued on the Initial Closing Date (a True-Up Contribution ); 

(ii) an amount equal to any increase in the net asset value (as reflected in our books and records after giving effect to the applicable Pre-Closing Distribution) of a Unit issued on the Initial Closing Date through the closing date for the newly issued Unit, excluding any increase in net asset value attributable to additional capital contributions made by the applicable Unitholder or decrease attributable to distributions of True-Up Contributions as described in the paragraph below (an NAV Balancing Contribution ); and 

(iii) an amount equal to a rate of 2.0 per annum on the True-Up Contribution for such newly issued Unit, calculated for the period from the Initial Closing Date to the closing date for such newly issued Unit as an administrative fee to compensate us for expenses and activities related to the Later-Closing Investor (a Late-Closer Contribution ). 

True-Up Contributions will be retained by us and used for any purpose of the Company. If at any time we determine that because of the True-Up Contributions we have excess cash on hand, we may distribute that excess cash among all the Unitholders pro rata based on the number of Units held by each. Any distribution of True-Up Contributions will be treated as a return of previously made capital contributions in respect of the Units and, consequently, will correspondingly increase the Undrawn Commitment of the Units. 
 NAV Balancing Contributions will not reduce the Undrawn Commitment of the associated Units and will not be treated as capital contributions for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee. NAV Balancing Contributions received by us will not be treated as amounts distributed to Unitholders for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee. 
 Late-Closer Contributions will not reduce the Undrawn Commitment of the associated Units and will not be treated as capital contributions for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee. Any distribution of Late-Closer Contributions will not be treated as an amount distributed to the Unitholders for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee. 
 Pre-Closing Distributions and NAV Balancing Contributions will be determined by us in good faith on the basis of best commercial efforts and likely will be approximate amounts. 
 On July 8, 2022, we completed the second closing of the sale of our Common Units pursuant to which we sold 2,178,280 Common Units for an aggregate offering price of 217.8 million. On November 14, 2022, we completed the third closing of the sale of our Common Units pursuant to which we sold 642,500 Common Units for an aggregate offering price of 64.3 million. 
 Commitment Period 
 The Commitment Period of the Company commenced on the Initial Closing Date and will end on February 1, 2026, which is the later of (a) January 21, 2026, four years from the Initial Closing Date and (b) February 1, 2026, four years from the date on which the Company first completed an investment; provided, however, that the Commitment Period is subject to termination upon the occurrence and continuance of a Key Person Event, as described below. After the expiration of the Commitment Period, Unitholders will be released from any further obligation with respect to their Undrawn Commitments, except as provided in the LLC Agreement. 
 A Key Person Event will occur if, during the Commitment Period, (i) Mr. Miller and one or more Ms. Grosso, Mr. Gertzof and Mr. Wang (each of such four Persons, a Key Person and collectively, the Key Persons fail to devote substantially all (i.e. more than 85 of his or her business time to the investment activities of the Company, 
 13 

the prior funds, any successor funds and any fund(s) managed by the Adviser or an affiliate of the Adviser that are managed within the Private Credit Group (together, the Related Entities ); or (ii) Ms. Grosso, Mr. Gertzof and Mr. Wang all fail to devote substantially all of his or her business time to the investment activities of the Company and the Related Entities, in each case other than as a result of a temporary disability; provided that if a replacement has been approved as described in the paragraphs below, such replacement shall be specifically designated to take the place of one of the above-named individuals and the definition Key Person Event will be amended to take into account such successor. 
 Upon the occurrence of a Key Person Event, and in the event that the Adviser fails to replace the above-referenced individuals in the manner contemplated by the last sentence of this paragraph, the Commitment Period shall be automatically terminated upon such Key Person Event. The Commitment Period will be re-instated upon the vote or written consent of 66 2/3 in interest of the Unitholders. The Adviser is permitted at any time to replace any person designated above with a senior professional (including a Key Person) selected by the Adviser, provided that such replacement has been approved by a majority of the Unitholders (in which case, the approved substitute will be a Key Person in lieu of the person replaced). The determination of whether a Key Person Event has occurred will be made by the Company in accordance with the criteria set out above. The Company shall provide written notice to Unitholders of such Key Person Event within 30 days of the date of such Key Person Departure. 
 Regulation as a Business Development Company 
 We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates (including any investment advisers or sub-advisers), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters. In addition, a BDC must be organized for the purpose of investing in or lending primarily to private companies organized in the United States and making significant managerial assistance available to them. 
 As with other companies regulated by the 1940 Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. A majority of our board of directors must be persons who are not interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. Additionally, we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our Unitholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of any such person s office. As a BDC, we are currently also required to meet a minimum coverage ratio of the value of total assets to total senior securities, which include all of our borrowings and any Preferred Units. 
 As a BDC, we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, as required by the 1940 Act. A majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company is defined under the 1940 Act as the lesser of: (a) 67 or more of such company s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or (b) more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities of such company. 
 We do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Under these limits, we generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting stock of any investment company, invest more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company, or invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of investment companies in the aggregate. We may, however, rely on recently adopted Rule 12d1-4 under the 1940 Act and invest in excess of the limits described above. However, to the extent we rely on Rule 12d1-4, we will be subject to certain conditions and requirements under Rule 12d1-4. The portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies ordinarily will subject the Unitholders to additional expenses. 
 We have no intention to, and are generally not able to, issue and sell our Units at a price below net asset value per Unit. We may, however, issue and sell our Units at a price below the then-current net asset value of our Units if our board of directors determines that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of the Unitholders, and the Unitholders have approved our policy and practice of making such sales within the preceding 12 months. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the 
 14 

determination of our board of directors, closely approximates the market value of such securities. In addition, we may generally issue new Units at a price below net asset value in rights offerings to existing Unitholders, in payment of distributions and in certain other limited circumstances. 
 We may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of the members of our board of directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC through an exemptive order (other than in certain limited situations pursuant to current regulatory guidance). The Adviser has obtained exemptive relief from the SEC that, subject to certain conditions and limitations, permits us and other funds advised by the Adviser or certain affiliates of the Adviser (referred to herein as potential co-investment funds to engage in certain co-investment transactions. Under the exemptive relief, in the case where the interest in a particular investment opportunity exceeds the size of the opportunity, then the investment opportunity will be allocated among us and such potential co-investment funds based on capital available for investment, which generally will be determined based on the amount of cash on hand, existing commitments and reserves, if any, the targeted leverage level, targeted asset mix and other investment policies and restrictions set from time to time by the board or other governing body of the relevant fund or imposed by applicable laws, rules, regulations or interpretations. In situations where we cannot co-invest with other investment funds managed by the Adviser or an affiliate of the Adviser due to the restrictions contained in the 1940 Act that are not addressed by the exemptive relief or SEC guidance, the investment policies and procedures of the Adviser generally require that such opportunities be offered to us and such other investment funds on an alternating basis. There can be no assurance that we will be able to participate in all investment opportunities that are suitable for us. 
 We are subject to periodic examination by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 
 Qualifying Assets 
 Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any assets other than assets of the type listed in section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are the following: 
 Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: 
 is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by us) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act; and 

satisfies either of the following: 

o has a market capitalization of less than 250 million or does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange; or 

o is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC, the BDC actually exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of the eligible portfolio company, and, as a result thereof, the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company. 

Securities of any eligible portfolio company that we control. 

Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was 

15 

unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

Securities received in exchange for or distributed in connection with securities described above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 A BDC must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described under Qualifying Assets above. However, in order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, the BDC must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities significant managerial assistance; except that, where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, the BDC will satisfy this test if one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does in fact provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. 
 Temporary Investments 
 Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which is referred to herein, collectively, as temporary investments, such that at least 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. 
 Senior Securities 
 We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of Preferred Units senior to the Units, if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 200 immediately after each such issuance. While any Preferred Units or, in certain limited circumstances, debt securities are outstanding, we may be prohibited from making distributions to Unitholders or repurchasing Units unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for generally up to 60 days without regard to the 200 asset coverage requirement described above. Finally, (i) Preferred Units must have the same voting rights as the Units (one Unit, one vote), and (ii) holders of Preferred Units (the Preferred Unitholders must have the right, as a class, to appoint two directors to the board of directors. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We and the Adviser have each adopted a code of ethics of the Adviser pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and Rule 204A-1 under the Advisers Act, respectively, that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain transactions by our personnel. The code of ethics generally contains restrictions on investments by our personnel in securities that we may purchase or hold. In addition, we have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our Principal Executive and Principal Accounting Officers pursuant to Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. You may obtain copies of the codes of ethics on the Adviser s website at www.TCW.com or by written request addressed to the following: Gladys Xiques, Chief Compliance Officer, 865 South Figueroa Street, Suite 1800, Los Angeles, California 90017. 
 16 

Compliance Policies and Procedures 
 We and the Adviser have adopted and implemented, written policies and procedures reasonably designed to detect and prevent violation of the federal securities laws. We and the Adviser are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation and to designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We delegate our proxy voting responsibility to the Adviser. The Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of the Adviser are set forth below. The guidelines will be reviewed periodically by the Adviser and our Independent Directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 An investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, the Adviser recognizes that it must vote client securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of its clients. These policies and procedures for voting proxies for the Adviser s investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 If the Adviser has responsibility for voting proxies in connection with its investment advisory duties, or has the responsibility to specify to an agent how to vote the client s proxies, it exercises such voting responsibilities through the corporate proxy voting process. The Adviser believes that the right to vote proxies is a significant asset of its clients holdings. In order to provide a basis for making decisions in the voting of proxies for its clients, the Adviser has established a proxy voting committee (the Proxy Committee and adopted proxy voting guidelines (the Guidelines and procedures. 
 The Proxy Committee generally meets quarterly (or at such other frequency as determined by the Proxy Committee), and its duties include establishing proxy voting guidelines and procedures, overseeing the internal proxy voting process, and reviewing proxy voting issues. The members of the Proxy Committee include the Adviser s personnel from the investment, compliance, legal and marketing departments. The Adviser also uses outside proxy voting services (each, an Outside Service to help manage the proxy voting process. Each Outside Service facilitates its voting according to the Guidelines (or according to guidelines submitted by the Adviser s clients) and helps maintain the Adviser s proxy voting records. The Adviser s proxy voting and record keeping is dependent on the timely provision of proxy ballots by custodians, clients and other third parties. Under circumstances described below involving potential conflicts of interest, the Adviser may also request an Outside Service to help decide certain proxy votes. In those instances, the Proxy Committee shall review and evaluate the voting recommendations of each Outside Service to ensure that recommendations are consistent with the Adviser s clients best interest. In the event the Adviser inadvertently receives any proxy material on behalf of a client that has retained proxy voting responsibility, and where it is reasonably feasible by the Adviser to determine the identity of the client, the Adviser will promptly forward such materials to the client. As a matter of firm policy, the Adviser does not disclose to unaffiliated third parties how it expects to vote on upcoming proxies and does not disclose the way it voted proxies without a legitimate need to know such information. 
 The Guidelines provide a basis for the Adviser s decisions in the voting of proxies for clients. When voting proxies, the Adviser s utmost concern is that all decisions be made solely in the interests of the client and with the goal of maximizing the value of the client s investments. Generally, proposals will be voted in accordance with the Guidelines and any applicable guidelines provided by the Adviser s clients. The Adviser s underlying philosophy, however, is that the portfolio managers, who are primarily responsible for evaluating the individual holdings of the Adviser s clients, are best able to determine how best to further client interests and goals. The portfolio managers may, in their discretion, take into account the recommendations of the Adviser s management, the Proxy Committee, and any Outside Service. 
 Individual portfolio managers, in the exercise of their best judgment and discretion, may from time to time override the Guidelines and vote proxies in a manner that they believe will enhance the economic value of clients assets, keeping in mind the best interests of the beneficial owners. The Guidelines provide procedures for documenting and, as required, approving such overrides. In the event a potential conflict arises in the context of voting proxies for the 
 17 

Adviser s clients, the primary means by which the Adviser will avoid a conflict of interest is by casting votes with the assistance of an Outside Service according to the Guidelines and any applicable guidelines provided by the Adviser s clients. If a potential conflict of interest arises, and the proxy vote to be decided is predetermined under the Guidelines, then the Adviser will follow the Guidelines and vote accordingly. On the other hand, if a potential conflict of interest arises and there is no predetermined vote, or the Guidelines themselves refer such vote to the portfolio manager for decision, or the portfolio manager would like to override a predetermined vote, then the Guidelines provide procedures for determining whether a material conflict of interest exists and, if so, resolving such conflict. 
 The Adviser or an Outside Service will keep records of the following items for at least five years: (i) the Guidelines and any other proxy voting procedures; (ii) proxy statements received regarding client securities (unless such statements are available on the SEC s EDGAR system); (iii) records of votes cast on behalf of clients (if maintained by an Outside Service, that Outside Service will provide copies of those records promptly upon request); (iv) records of written requests for proxy voting information and the Adviser s response (whether a client s request was oral or in writing); and (v) any documents the Adviser prepared that were material to making a decision on how to vote, or that memorialized the basis for the decision. Additionally, the Adviser or an Outside Service will maintain any documentation related to an identified material conflict of interest. 
 
 Privacy Principles 
 We are committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of nonpublic personal information relating to our investors. The following information is provided to describe generally what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share information with select other parties. 
 We may collect nonpublic personal information regarding investors from sources such as subscription agreements, investor questionnaires and other forms; individual investors account histories; and correspondence between individual investors and the Company. We may share information that we collect regarding an investor with our affiliates and the employees of such affiliates for legitimate business purposes, for example, in order to service the investor s accounts or provide the investor with information about other products and services offered by the Company or our affiliates that may be of interest to the investor. In addition, we may disclose information that we collect regarding investors to third parties who are not affiliated with us (i) as required by law or in connection with regulatory or law enforcement inquiries, or (ii) as otherwise permitted by law to the extent necessary to effect, administer or enforce investor or our transactions. 
 Any party that receives nonpublic personal information relating to investors from the Company is permitted to use the information only for legitimate business purposes or as otherwise required or permitted by applicable law or regulation. In this regard, for our officers, employees and agents and affiliates, access to such information is restricted to those who need such access in order to provide services to us and to our investors. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to seek to guard investor nonpublic personal information. 
 Reporting Obligations 
 In order to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act, we were required to register a class of equity securities under the 1934 Act and filed a Registration Statement for our Units with the SEC under the 1934 Act. We are required to file annual reports, quarterly reports and current reports with the SEC. This information is available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 Because we do not currently maintain a corporate website, we do not intend to make available on a website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K. We do intend, however, to provide electronic or paper copies of our filings free of charge upon request. 
 Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences 
 18 

The following is a summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax considerations related to an investment in the Units. This summary is based upon the provisions of the Code, as amended, the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, published rulings of the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS and judicial decisions in effect as of the date hereof, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. The discussion does not purport to describe all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to a particular investor in light of that investor s particular circumstances (including alternative minimum tax consequences) and is not directed to investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws, such as banks, dealers in securities, persons holding Units as part of hedging transaction, wash sale, conversion transaction or integrated transaction, real estate investment trusts, regulated investment companies, tax-exempt entities, U.S. Holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, certain financial institutions and insurance companies. In addition, this summary does not discuss any aspect of state, local or non-U.S. tax law and assumes that investors will hold their Units as capital assets (generally, assets held for investment). 
 For purposes of this discussion, a U.S. Holder is a Unitholder that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes: (a) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (b) a corporation, or other entity taxable as a corporation, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; (c) an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source or (d) a trust if a court within the United States can exercise primary supervision over its administration and certain other conditions are met. A Non-U.S. Holder is a Unitholder who is neither a U.S. Holder nor a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For tax purposes, our fiscal year is the calendar year. 
 If a partnership (including an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds Units, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. A prospective investor that will own Units through a partnership should consult its tax advisors with respect to the purchase, ownership and disposition of those Units. 
 Tax matters are complex and prospective investors in the Units are urged to consult their own tax advisors with respect to the U.S. federal income tax and state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of an investment in the Units, including the potential application of U.S. withholding taxes. 
 Classification of the Company as Corporation for Tax Purposes 
 As a limited liability company, the Company is an eligible entity that is entitled to elect its classification for U.S. federal tax purposes. The Company has made an election to cause it to be classified as an association that is taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the Company is unable to qualify as a RIC (the requirements of which are discussed below) during the liquidation of its portfolio following the Commitment Period, it may consider filing a new election to cause the Company to be classified as a partnership for U.S. federal tax purposes (from the effective date of such new election forward). The Company has no current intention of making such a new election and would only make such election if it determines it is in the best interests of Unitholders to do so. 
 Regulated Investment Company Classification 
 As a BDC, we elected, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally will not be required to pay corporate-level federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that we distribute to our Unitholders as dividends. To continue to qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, to qualify for RIC tax treatment, we must distribute to our Unitholders, for each taxable year, the sum of at least 90 of our investment company taxable income for that year, which is generally our ordinary income plus the excess of our realized net short-term capital gains over our realized net long-term capital losses, and 90 of its net tax-exempt interest (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). 
 Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company 
 19 

If we: 
 qualify as a RIC; and 

satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement; 

then we will not be subject to federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain (i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) that we distribute to Unitholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any income or capital gain not distributed (or deemed distributed) to Unitholders. 
 We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any income realized, but not distributed, and on which we paid no federal income tax, in preceding years. 
 In order to maintain our qualification as a RIC for federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 

o at all times during each taxable year, have in effect an election to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act; 

o derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from (a) dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities (including loans), gains from the sale of stock or other securities or currencies, or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock, securities or currencies and (b) net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership and 

diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 

o at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 

o no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in (i) the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, (ii) the securities, other than securities of other RICs, of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or (iii) the securities of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships. 

We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with increasing interest rates or debt instruments issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. Because any original issue discount accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to Unitholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. 
 We may have difficulty satisfying the diversification requirements as we liquidate our portfolio following the Commitment Period, since we will not be making additional investments. While we generally will not lose our status as a RIC as long as we do not acquire any nonqualifying securities or other property, under certain circumstances we may be deemed to have made an acquisition of nonqualifying securities or other property. 
 Because we may use debt financing, we will be subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements under the 1940 Act and financial covenants under loan and credit agreements that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement. If we are unable to obtain cash 
 20 

from other sources or are otherwise limited in our ability to make distributions, we could fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level income tax. 
 Certain of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things: (i) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions; (ii) convert lower taxed long-term capital gain into higher taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income; (iii) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited); (iv) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash; (v) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of securities is deemed to occur; (vi) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions; and (vii) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 gross income test described above. We will monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections in order to mitigate the potential adverse effect of these provisions. 
 If, in any particular taxable year, we do not qualify as a RIC, all of our taxable income (including our net capital gains) will be subject to tax at regular corporate rates without any deduction for distributions to Unitholders, and distributions will be taxable to the Unitholders as ordinary dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. 
 In the event we invest in non-U.S. securities, we may be subject to withholding and other non-U.S. taxes with respect to those securities. We do not expect to satisfy the conditions necessary to pass through to our Unitholders their share of the non-U.S. taxes paid by the Company. 
 
 21 

The performances of certain of our portfolio companies have been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted by these economic or other conditions, which may ultimately result in: our receipt of a reduced level of interest income from our portfolio companies; 

 decreases in the value of collateral securing some of our loans and the value of our equity investments; and 

 ultimately, losses or change-offs related to our investments. 

 On January 31, 2020, the United Kingdom officially withdrew from the European Union (a process now commonly referred to as Brexit ). Brexit has already resulted in periods of volatility in European and global financial markets. There remains significant market uncertainty regarding Brexit's ramifications, and the range and potential implications of possible political, regulatory, economic and market outcomes are difficult to predict. In the longer term, there is likely to be a period of significant political, regulatory and commercial uncertainty as the United Kingdom seeks to negotiate the terms of its future trading relationships. The United Kingdom and European economies and the broader global economy could be significantly impacted. Brexit may also cause additional member states to contemplate departing from the European Union, which would likely perpetuate political and economic instability in the region and cause additional market disruption in global financial markets. Russia s invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, the resulting responses by the U.S. and other countries, and the potential for wider conflict, have increased and may continue to increase volatility and uncertainty in financial markets worldwide. The U.S. and other countries have imposed broad-ranging economic sanctions on Russia and Russian entities and individuals, and may impose additional sanctions, including on other countries that provide military or economic support to Russia. The invasion may widen beyond Ukraine and may escalate, including through retaliatory actions and cyberattacks by Russia and even other countries. These events may result in further and significant market disruptions and may adversely affect regional and global economies. Furthermore, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the varying involvement of the United States and other NATO countries could present material uncertainty and risk with respect to us and the performance of our investments or operations, and our ability to achieve our investment objectives. Additionally, to the extent that third parties, investors, or related customer bases have material operations or assets in Russia or Ukraine, they may have adverse consequences related to the ongoing conflict. The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial. In addition, the political reunification of China and Taiwan, over which China continues to claim sovereignty, is a highly complex issue that has included threats of invasion by China. Political or economic disturbances (including an attempted unification of Taiwan by force), any economic sanctions implemented in response, and any escalation of hostility between China and Taiwan would likely have a significant adverse impact on economies, markets and individual securities globally. 

have an adverse impact on the market for LIBOR based securities, including the value and/or transferability of the LIBOR indexed, floating rate debt securities, or the cost of borrowings. The transition from LIBOR to SOFR or other alternative reference rates may also introduce operational risks in accounting, financial reporting, loan servicing, and liability management. We are assessing the impact of the transition from LIBOR; however, we cannot reasonably estimate the impact of the transition at this time. 

aggregate Commitments of the Unitholders turn out to be substantially less than the amounts targeted, our portfolio may be even more concentrated than it would otherwise be. 

managerial assistance, that level of involvement with a portfolio company could strengthen a Lender Liability claim against us. Therefore, claims for Lender Liability or Equitable Subordination affecting our investments could arise as a result of any managerial assistance that we provide in order to fulfill our obligations as a BDC. Moreover, because of the nature of our investments, we may not always be the lead creditor, and security or other agents may act on behalf of the investors in a security owned by us. Therefore, claims for Lender Liability or Equitable Subordination affecting our investments could also arise without our direct managerial or other involvement. 

based on changes in the applicable currency exchange rate. Moreover, even if we attempt to hedge the currency exchange risk, these hedges may be expensive and may not completely protect us in all circumstances. Non-U.S. investing can also result in higher transaction and operating costs for the Company. Non-U.S. issuers may not be subject to the same accounting and disclosure requirements that U.S. issuers are subject to. The value of non-U.S. investments may be affected by exchange control regulations, expropriation or nationalization of a company s assets, non-U.S. taxes, delays in settlement of transactions, changes in governmental economic or monetary policies in the United States or abroad, or other political and economic factors. We may have greater difficulty taking appropriate legal actions in non-U.S. courts. Non-U.S. countries may impose withholding taxes on income paid on the debt securities of issuers in those countries. 

funds on an alternating basis. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to participate in all investment opportunities identified by the Adviser that are suitable for us. 

defaults, there is no guarantee that we will recover the full amount of the defaulted Commitment, and such defaulting Unitholder may lose all or a portion of its economic interest in us, as described under Item 11. Description of Registrant s Securities to be Registered Default Provisions. 

loan, securities, derivatives and currency markets and market participants and decreased or revised monitoring of such markets by governments or self-regulatory organizations and reduced enforcement of regulations; limitations on the activities of investors in such markets; controls or restrictions on foreign investment, capital controls and limitations on repatriation of invested capital; the significant loss of liquidity and the inability to purchase, sell and otherwise fund investments or settle transactions (including, but not limited to, a market freeze); unavailability of currency hedging techniques; substantial, and in some periods extremely high, rates of inflation, which can last many years and have substantial negative effects on credit and securities markets as well as the economy as a whole; recessions; and difficulties in obtaining and/or enforcing legal judgments. We will also be negatively affected if the operations and effectiveness of us or a portfolio company (or any of the key personnel or service providers of the foregoing) is compromised or if necessary or beneficial systems and processes are disrupted. 

to pay distributions. Our business depends on the communications and information systems of our Adviser and its affiliates. These systems are subject to potential attacks, including through adverse events that threaten the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources (i.e., cyber incidents). Cyber hacking could also cause significant disruption and harm to the companies in which we invest. The U.S. government has issued warnings that certain essential assets, specifically those related to energy and infrastructure, including exploration and production facilities, pipelines and transmission and distribution facilities, might be specific targets of terrorist activity. Additionally, digital and network technologies (collectively, cyber networks might be at risk of cyberattacks that could potentially seek unauthorized access to digital systems for purposes such as misappropriating sensitive information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. Cyberattacks might potentially be carried out by persons using techniques that could range from efforts to electronically circumvent network security or overwhelm websites to intelligence gathering and social engineering functions aimed at obtaining information necessary to gain access. These attacks could involve gaining unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption and result in disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, liability for stolen assets or information, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, litigation and damage to our business relationships, any of which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our operating results and negatively affect the value of our securities and our ability to pay distributions to our unitholders. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our information systems, both internal and those provided by the Adviser and third-party service providers. 

36 

It em 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 It em 2. Properties. 
 We maintain our principal executive office at 200 Clarendon Street, 51st Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. We do not own any real estate. We believe that our present facilities are adequate to meet our current needs. If new or additional space is required, we believe that adequate facilities are available at competitive prices in the same area. 
 Ite m 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us. From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under loans to or other contracts with our portfolio companies. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 
 It em 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 None. 
 
 37 

PART II 
 It em 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have begun accepting subscription agreements from investors for the private sale of our Common Units. On January 21, 2022, we completed the first closing of the sale of our Common Units pursuant to which we sold 4,543,770 Common Units at an aggregate purchase price of 454.4 million. On July 8, 2022, we completed the second closing of the sale of our Common Units pursuant to which we sold 2,178,280 Common Units for an aggregate offering price of 217.8 million. On November 14, 2022, we completed the third closing of the sale of our Common Units pursuant to which we sold 642,500 Common Units for an aggregate offering price of 64.3 million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have issued and sold 7,364,560 Units at an aggregate purchase price of 736.5 million to our investors including 10 units issued and outstanding to TAMCO. It is expected that all Units will be issued and sold in reliance upon the available exemptions from registration requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 It em 6. Selected Financial Data. 
 The selected financial data previously required by Item 301 of Regulation S-K has been omitted in reliance on SEC Release No. 33-10890, Management s Discussion and Analysis, Selected Financial Data, and Supplementary Financial Information. 
 38 

Item 7. M anagement s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. This discussion also should be read in conjunction with the Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements set forth on page iii of this annual report. 
 Overview 
 We were formed on September 3, 2020 as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware. We have conducted and expect to further conduct private offerings of our common limited liability company units (the Units to investors in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 
 We are an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company. On July 22, 2021, we filed an election to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. We also intend to elect to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code and will make such an election beginning with the taxable year ending December 31, 2022. As a BDC and a RIC, we are, and will be required to comply with certain regulatory requirements, such as the requirement to invest at least 70 of our assets in qualifying assets, source of income limitations, asset diversification requirements, and the requirement to distribute annually at least 90 of our taxable income and tax-exempt interest. 
 On January 21, 2022 (the Initial Closing Date ), we completed the first closing of the sale of our Common Units pursuant to which we sold 4,543,770 Common Units at an aggregate purchase price of 454.4 million. On July 8, 2022, we completed the second closing of the sale of our Common Units pursuant to which we sold 2,178,280 Common Units for an aggregate offering price of 217.8 million. On November 14, 2022, we completed the third closing of the sale of our Common Units pursuant to which we sold 642,500 Common Units for an aggregate offering price of 64.3 million. As of December 31, 2022, we have sold 7,364,560 Units for an aggregate offering price of 736.5 million. Each Unitholder is obligated to contribute capital equal to their Commitment and each Unit s Commitment obligation is 100.00 per unit. The sale of the Units was made pursuant to subscription agreements entered into by us and each investor. Under the terms of the subscription agreements, we may draw down all or any portion of the undrawn commitment with respect to each Unit generally upon at least ten business days prior written notice to the unitholders. The amount of capital that remains to be drawn down and contributed is referred to as an Undrawn Commitment. All Units that are issued will be issued prior to the end of the Closing Period, defined as the twelve-months following the Initial Closing Date, during which we may continue to accept subscription agreements and issue Units 
 Our Commitment Period commenced on the Initial Closing Date and will end on February 1, 2026, which is the later of (a) January 21, 2026, four years from the Initial Closing Date and (b) February 1, 2026, four years from the date in which the Company first completed an investment. However, the Commitment Period is subject to termination upon the occurrence of Key Person Event defined as follows: A Key Person Event will occur if, during the Commitment Period, (i) Mr. Miller and one or more Ms. Grosso, Mr. Gertzof and Mr. Wang (each of such four Persons, a Key Person and collectively, the Key Persons fail to devote substantially all (i.e. more than 85 of his or her business time to the investment activities of the Company, the prior funds, any successor funds and any fund(s) managed by the Adviser or an affiliate of the Adviser that are managed within the Private Credit Group (together, the Related Entities ); or (ii) Ms. Grosso, Mr. Gertzof and Mr. Wang all fail to devote substantially all of their business time to the investment activities of the Company and the Related Entities, in each case other than as a result of a temporary disability; provided that if a replacement has been approved as described in the paragraphs below, such replacement shall be specifically designated to take the place of one of the above-named individuals and the definition Key Person Event will be amended to take into account such successor. 
 39 

Upon the occurrence of a Key Person Event, and in the event that the Adviser fails to replace the above-referenced individuals in the manner contemplated by the last sentence of this paragraph, the Commitment Period shall be automatically terminated upon such Key Person Event. The Commitment Period will be re-instated upon the vote or written consent of 66 2/3 in interest of the Unitholders. The Adviser is permitted at any time to replace any person designated above with a senior professional (including a Key Person) selected by the Adviser, provided that such replacement has been approved by a majority of the Unitholders (in which case, the approved substitute will be a Key Person in lieu of the person replaced). The determination of whether a Key Person Event has occurred will be made by the Company in accordance with the criteria set out above. If, during the Commitment Period, any Key Person shall fail to devote substantially all of his or her business time to the investment activities of the Partnership and the Related Entities other than as a result of temporary disability (the occurrence of such event, a Key Person Departure ), the Company shall provide written notice to Unitholders of such Key Person Departure within 30 days of the date of such Key Person Departure. If the Company fails to obtain approval of a replacement of a Key Person following a Key Person Departure as provided herein, then notwithstanding anything herein, the Key Person Departure shall be permanent and the Adviser shall not be permitted to replace such Key Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Adviser is permitted at any time to replace any Person designated above with a senior professional (including a Key Person) selected by the Adviser, with the approval of the majority of the Unitholders (in which case, the approved substitute shall be a Key Person in lieu of the Person replaced) no later than 90 days after the date that the Adviser informs the Company of its proposed replacement of the Key Person. If such replacement(s) end the occurrence of a Key Person Event, the Commitment Period will automatically be re-instated. 
 In accordance with the Company s amended and restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, the Company may complete investment transactions that were significantly in process as of the end of the Commitment Period and which the Company reasonably expects to be consummated prior to 90 days subsequent to the expiration date of the Commitment Period. The Company may also effect follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies up to an aggregate maximum of 10 of aggregate cumulative invested amounts. 
 We commenced operations during the first quarter of fiscal year 2022. 
 On May 13, 2022, we formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, TCW DL VIII Financing LLC, a single member Delaware limited liability company. 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenues in the form of interest income and capital appreciation by providing private capital to middle market companies operating in a broad range of industries primarily in the United States. Our highly negotiated private investments include senior secured loans, unsecured senior loans, subordinated and mezzanine loans, convertible securities, notes and other non-convertible debt securities, equity securities, and equity-linked securities such as options and warrants. However, our investment bias is towards adjustable-rate, senior secured loans. We do not anticipate a secondary market developing for our private investments. Although we do not currently expect the Private Credit Group to originate investments for us with the use of payment-in-kind PIK interest features, which represents contractual interest accrued and added to the loan balance that generally becomes due at maturity, from time to time we may make investments that contain such features or that subsequently incorporate such features after origination. 
 We are primarily focused on investing in senior secured debt obligations, although there may be occasions where the investment may be unsecured. We also consider an equity investment as the primary security, in combination with a debt obligation, or as a part of total return strategy. Our investments are mostly in corporations, partnerships or other business entities. Additionally, in certain circumstances, we may co-invest with other investors and/or strategic partners indirectly in a company through an investment vehicle. While we invest primarily in U.S. companies, there are certain instances where we invest in companies domiciled elsewhere. 
 40 

Expenses 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. Services necessary for our business will be provided through the Administration Agreement and the Advisory Agreement. 
 We, and indirectly our Unitholders, will bear all costs, expenses and liabilities, other than Adviser Operating Expenses (which shall be borne by the Adviser), in connection with our organization, operations, administration and transactions Company Expenses ). Company Expenses shall include, without limitation: (a) organizational expenses and expenses associated with the issuance of the Units and organizational expenses of a related entity organized and managed by the Adviser or an affiliate of the Adviser as a feeder fund for the Company and issuance of interests therein; (b) expenses of calculating our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); (c) fees payable to third parties, including agents, consultants, attorneys or other advisors, relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; (d) expenses incurred by the Adviser or the Administrator payable to third parties, including agents, consultants, attorneys or other advisors, relating to or associated with monitoring our financial and legal affairs, providing administrative services, monitoring or administering our investments and performing due diligence reviews of prospective investments and the corresponding portfolio companies; (e) costs associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act, the 1934 Act and other applicable federal or state securities laws; (f) fees and expenses incurred in connection with debt incurred to finance our investments or operations, and payment of interest and repayment of principal on such debt; (g) expenses related to sales and purchases of Units and other securities; (h) Management Fees and Incentive Fees; (i) administrator fees and expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, provided that any such fees payable to the Administrator shall be limited to what a qualified third party would charge to perform substantially similar services; (j) transfer agent, sub-administrator and custodial fees; (k) expenses relating to the issue, repurchase and transfer of Units to the extent not borne by the relevant transferring Unitholders and/or assignees; (l) federal and state registration fees; (m) federal, state and local taxes and other governmental charges assessed against us; (n) independent directors fees and expenses and the costs associated with convening a meeting of our board of directors or any committee thereof; (o) fees and expenses and the costs associated with convening a meeting of the Unitholders or holders of any Preferred Units; (p) costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to Unitholders, including printing and mailing costs; (q) costs and expenses related to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and tax returns; (r) our allocable portion of the fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; (s) direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, and copying; (t) independent auditors and outside legal costs, including legal costs associated with any requests for exemptive relief, no-action positions or other guidance sought from a regulator, pertaining to us; (u) compensation of other third party professionals to the extent they are devoted to preparing our consolidated financial statements or tax returns or providing similar back office financial services to us; (v) Adviser costs and expenses (excluding travel) in connection with identifying and investigating investment opportunities for us, monitoring our investments and disposing of any such investments; (w) portfolio risk management costs; (x) commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of securities (including merger fees); (y) costs and expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, commercial banking, accounting, auditing, appraisal, valuation, administrative agent activities, custodial and registration services provided to us, including in each case services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities by us that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such securities or others (whether or not such purchase or sale is consummated); (z) costs of amending, restating or modifying our operating agreement (the LLC Agreement or Advisory Agreement or related documents of us or related entities; (aa) fees, costs, and expenses incurred in connection with the termination, liquidation or dissolution of the Company or related entities; and (bb) all other properly and reasonably chargeable expenses incurred by the Company or the Administrator in connection with administering our business. 
 41 

However, we will not bear more than (a) an amount equal to 10 basis points of our aggregate Commitments for organizational expenses and offering expenses in connection with the offering of Units through the Closing Period (see The Private Offering Closing Period and (b) 12.5 basis points of the greater of total commitments or total assets computed annually for Company Expenses Company Expenses Limitation ); provided, that, any amount by which actual annual expenses in (b) exceed the Company Expenses Limitation shall be reimbursed to us by the Adviser in the year such excess is incurred with any partial year assessed and reimbursed on a pro rata basis; and provided, further, that in determining the Company Expenses subject to the Company Expenses Limitation in (b), the following expenses shall be excluded and shall be borne by us as incurred without regard to the Company Expenses Limitation in (b): the Management Fee, the Incentive Fee, organizational and offering expenses (which are subject to the separate cap), amounts incurred in connection with our borrowings (including collateral agent (security trustee) fees, interest, bank fees, legal fees and other transactional expenses arising out of or related to any borrowing or borrowing facility and similar costs), transfer agent fees, federal, state and local taxes and other governmental charges assessed against us, out-of-pocket expenses of calculating our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm engaged for that purpose and the costs and expenses of the valuation of our portfolio investments performed by our independent auditors in order to comply with applicable Public Company Accounting Oversight Board standards), out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with arranging or structuring investments and their ongoing operations (including expenses and liabilities related to the formation and ongoing operations of any special purpose entity or entities in connection with an investment), out-of-pocket legal costs associated with any requests for exemptive relief, no-action positions or other guidance sought from a regulator pertaining to us, out-of-pocket costs and expenses relating to any reorganization or liquidation of the Company, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any extraordinary expenses (such as litigation expenses and indemnification payments). Notwithstanding the foregoing, amounts reimbursed pursuant to the Company Expenses Limitation in any year may be carried forward by the Adviser and recouped in future years where the Company Expenses Limitation is not exceeded but in no event will we carryforward to future periods the amount by which actual annual Company Expenses for a year exceed the Company Expenses Limitation for more than three years from the date on which such expenses were reimbursed. 
 Adviser Operating Expenses means overhead and operating and administrative expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Adviser or any of its affiliates, including us, in connection with maintaining and operating the Adviser s office, including salaries and other compensation (including compensation due to its officers), rent, routine office equipment expense and liability and insurance premiums (other than (i) those incurred in maintaining fidelity bonds and Indemnitee insurance policies and (ii) the allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations), in furtherance of providing supervisory investment management services for us. For the avoidance of doubt, Adviser Operating Expenses include any expenses incurred by the Adviser or its affiliates in connection with the Adviser s registration as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended Advisers Act ), or with its compliance as a registered investment adviser thereunder. 
 All Adviser Operating Expenses and all our expenses that we will not bear, as set forth above, will be borne by the Adviser or its affiliates. 
 In connection with our borrowings, our lenders require us to pledge assets, Commitments and/or the right to draw down on Commitments. In this regard, the Subscription Agreement contractually obligates each of our investors to fund their respective Commitments in order to pay amounts that may become due under any borrowings or other financings or similar obligations. 
 Costs incurred to organize the Company are expensed as incurred. Offering costs are accumulated and will be charged directly to Members Capital at the end of the period during which Units will be offered (the Closing Period ). We will not bear more than an amount equal to 10 basis points of the aggregate capital commitments to the Company through the Units (in aggregate, the Commitments of the Company for organization and offering costs in connection with the offering of the Units through the Closing Period. Since inception, we have expensed 0.7 million in organizational costs, of which 0.2 million was expensed during the year ended December 31, 2022. Since inception, we have incurred 0.3 million of offering costs which were charged directly to Members Capital as of December 31, 2022. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 42 

Investments at Fair Value 
 Investments which we hold for which market quotes are not readily available or are not considered reliable are valued at fair value according to procedures approved by the Board of Directors (the Board based on similar instruments, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs. On May 11, 2022, pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, the Board designated the Adviser as the valuation designee with respect to the fair valuation of our portfolio securities, subject to oversight by and periodic reporting to the Board. Prior to this date, fair valuations were approved by the Board in accordance with our valuation policy. 
 Fair Value Hierarchy: Assets and liabilities are classified by us into three levels based on valuation inputs used to determine fair value: 
 Level 1 values are based on unadjusted quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets. 
 Level 2 values are based on significant observable market inputs, such as quoted prices for similar assets and quoted prices in inactive markets or other market observable inputs. 
 Level 3 values are based on significant unobservable inputs that reflect our determination of assumptions that market participants might reasonably use in valuing the assets. 
 Categorization within the hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The valuation levels are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in those securities. 
 Level 1 Assets (Investments) : The valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine fair value are as follows: 
 Equity, (Level 1) , generally includes common stock valued at the closing price on the primary exchange in which the security trades. 
 Level 2 Assets (Investments) : The valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine fair value are as follows: 
 Equity, (Level 2) , generally include warrants valued using quotes for comparable investments. 
 Level 3 Assets (Investments): The following valuation techniques and significant inputs are used to determine the fair value of investments in private debt and equity for which reliable market quotations are not available. Some of the inputs are independently observable however, a significant portion of the inputs and the internal assumptions applied are unobservable. 
 Debt, (Level 3) , includes investments in privately originated senior secured debt. Such securities are valued based on specific pricing models, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs. A discounted cash flow approach incorporating a weighted average cost of capital is generally used to determine fair value or, in some cases, an enterprise value waterfall method. Valuation may also include a shadow rating method. Standard pricing inputs include but are not limited to the financial health of the issuer, place in the capital structure, value of other issuer debt, credit, industry, and market risk and events. 
 Equity , (Level 3), generally includes common stock, preferred stock and warrants. Such securities are valued based on specific pricing models, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs. A market approach is generally used to determine fair value. Pricing inputs include, but are not limited to, financial health and relevant business developments of the issuer; EBITDA; market multiples of comparable companies; comparable market transactions and recent trades or transactions; issuer, industry and market events; and contractual or legal restrictions on the sale of the security. When a Black-Scholes pricing model is used it follows the income approach. The pricing model takes into account the contract terms as well as multiple inputs, including: time value, implied volatility, equity prices and interest rates. A liquidity discount based on current market expectations, future 
 43 

events, minority ownership position and the period management reasonably expects to hold the investment may be applied. 
 Pricing inputs and weightings applied to determine value require subjective determination. Accordingly, valuations do not necessarily represent the amounts that may eventually be realized from sales or other dispositions of investments. 
 Investment Activity 
 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio consisted of 16 debt investments and no equity investments. Based on fair values as of December 31, 2022, our portfolio was 100.0 invested in debt investments which were mostly senior, secured term loans. 
 The table below describes our debt and equity investments by industry classification and enumerates the percentage, by fair value, of the total portfolio assets by industry as of December 31, 2022: 

Industry 
 
 Percent of Total Investments 

Oil Gas Equipment Services 

21 

Housewares Specialties 

13 

Data Processing Outsourced Services 

11 

Retailing 

11 

Hotels, Restaurants Leisure 

10 

Energy 

7 

Commercial Professional Services 

6 

Construction Materials 

6 

Industrial Machinery 

6 

Pharmaceuticals 

5 

Technology Hardware Equipment 

4 

Total 

100 

Interest income including interest income paid-in-kind, was 20.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 44 

Results of Operations 
 Our operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 

Total investment income 

21,210 

Net expenses 

10,488 

Net investment income 

10,722 

Net realized loss on investments 

(4) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 

92 

Net realized gain on short-term investments 

97 

Net increase in Members Capital from operations 

10,907 

Total investment income 
 Total investment income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 21.2 million and was attributable to our portfolio of debt investments, which was composed of 16 investments as of December 31, 2022. Total investment income included 20.3 million of investment income including interest income paid-in-kind as well as 0.9 million of other fee income. 
 Net investment income 
 Net investment income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 10.7 million and was primarily due to our commencement of investment activity during the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, the net investment income for the year ended December 31, 2022 includes an adviser net recapture of 0.4 million, comprised of current year expense recapture of 0.6 million for organizational costs previously reimbursed by the Adviser, partially offset by 0.2 million of expense reimbursement for Company Expenses (as defined in our Administration Agreement) that we incurred in excess of our annual 10 basis point limit (i.e. in accordance with our Administration Agreement, we will not bear Company Expenses more than an amount equal to 10 basis points of aggregate commitments annually.) 

45 

Expenses for year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 

Expenses 

Interest and credit facility expenses 

3,709 

Management fees 

2,256 

Incentive fees 

1,873 

Administrative fees 

476 

Directors fees 

362 

Professional fees 

345 

Organizational costs 

158 

Other expenses 

908 

Total expenses 

10,087 

Expenses recaptured by related party 

583 

Expenses reimbursed by Adviser 

(182) 

Net expenses 

10,488 

Our net expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 10.5 million. Our net expenses include management and incentive fees attributed to the Adviser of 2.3 million and 1.9 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we reimbursed TAMCO for costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021. The aggregate of such costs was 0.6 million. In addition, the Adviser reimbursed 0.2 million of our current year expenses, in accordance with the Administration Agreement (i.e. we will not bear more than an amount equal to 12.5 basis points of the greater of total commitments or total assets computed annually for Company Expenses). 
 Net realized loss on investments 
 Our net realized loss on investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3.6 thousand and was due to the partial disposition of our term loans to Hudson Technologies Company. 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 
 Our net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on non-controlled/non-affiliated investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 0.1 million and was primarily attributable to the following investments (dollar amounts in thousands): 

Issuer 
 
 Investment 
 
 Change in Unrealized Appreciation/ (Depreciation) 

Harvey Gulf Holdings, LLC 
 
 Term Loan 

941 

Hudson Technologies Company 
 
 Term Loan 

471 

Resco Products Inc. 
 
 Term Loan 

(401) 

Rising Pharma Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Term Loan 

(312) 

HOP Energy, LLC 
 
 Term Loan 

(239) 

All others 
 
 Various 

(368) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

92 

Net realized gain on short-term investments 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 we incurred 0.1 million in realized gains from our short-term investments in government treasuries. 
 46 

Net increase in Members Capital from operations 
 Our net increase in Members Capital from operations during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 10.9 million. The increase during the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily attributable to the commencement of operations which took place during the first quarter of fiscal year 2022. 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 On January 21, 2022, we completed the first closing of the sale of our Common Units pursuant to which we sold 4,543,770 Common Units at an aggregate purchase price of 454.4 million. On July 8, 2022, we completed the second closing of the sale of our Common Units pursuant to which we sold 2,178,280 Common Units for an aggregate offering price of 217.8 million. On November 14, 2022, we completed the third closing of the sale of our Common Units pursuant to which we sold 642,500 Common Units for an aggregate offering price of 64.3 million. We also commenced operations during the three months ended March 31, 2022. We expect to generate cash from (1) drawing down capital in respect of Units, (2) cash flows from investments and operations and (3) borrowings from banks or other lenders. 
 Our primary use of cash will be for (1) investments in portfolio companies and other investments to comply with certain portfolio diversification requirements, (2) the cost of operations (including expenses, the Management Fee, the Incentive Fee, and any indemnification obligations), (3) debt service of any borrowings and (4) cash distributions to the Unitholders. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, aggregate Commitments, Undrawn Commitments and subscribed for Units of the Company were as follows: 

December 31, 2022 

Commitments 

736,456 

Undrawn commitments 

537,269 

Percentage of commitments funded 

27.0 

Units 

7,364,560 

On March 8, 2022, we entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility (the March 2022 Credit Facility among us, as borrower, and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and committed lender PNC ). The March 2022 Credit Facility provides for a revolving credit line (the March 2022 Revolving Credit Facility of up to 200.0 million (the March 2022 Credit Facility Maximum Commitment ), subject to the lesser of (i) a percentage of unfunded commitments from certain classes of eligible investors in the Company (the March 2022 Credit Facility Borrowing Base and (ii) the March 2022 Credit Facility Maximum Commitment. The March 2022 Credit Facility has an initial commitment of 200.0 million and may be periodically increased in amounts designated by us, up to an aggregate amount of 400.0 million. The maturity date of the March 2022 Credit Facility is March 7, 2025, unless such date is extended at our option for a term of up to 12 months after the maturity date. Borrowings under the March 2022 Credit Facility bear interest at a rate equal to either (a) a base rate calculated in a customary manner (which will never be less than the adjusted SOFR rate plus 1.00 plus 0.75 or (b) adjusted SOFR rate calculated in a customary manner plus 1.75 . 
 The March 2022 Credit Facility is secured by a first priority security interest, subject to customary exceptions, in (i) all of the capital commitments of the investors in the Company, (ii) our right to make capital calls, receive payment of capital contributions from the investors and enforce payment of the capital commitments and capital contributions under our operating agreement and (iii) a cash collateral account into which the capital contributions from the investors are made. The March 2022 Credit Facility may be terminated, and any outstanding amounts thereunder may become due and payable, should we fail to satisfy certain covenants. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with such covenants. 
 On September 13, 2022, TCW DL VIII Financing LLC (the Borrower or TCW DL VIII Financing ), a newly-formed, wholly-owned, special purpose financing subsidiary of ours entered into a senior secured credit facility (the September 2022 Credit Facility and together with the March 2022 Credit Facility, the Credit Facilities pursuant to a credit and security agreement with PNC, as facility agent, the lenders from time to time 
 47 

party thereto, U.S. Bank National Association, as custodian, and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent and collateral administrator. 
 The September 2022 Credit Facility provides for an aggregate principal amount of up to 250.0 million of revolving and term loans (the September 2022 Credit Facility Maximum Commitment ), subject to compliance with a borrowing base (the September 2022 Credit Facility Borrowing Base ). The September 2022 Credit Facility Maximum Commitment may be periodically increased in amounts designated by the Borrower up to an aggregate principal amount of 800.0 million, subject to lender consent and obtaining commitments for the increase. Under the September 2022 Credit Facility, the Borrower may make borrowings of (i) revolving loans (the September 2022 Revolving Credit Facility and together with the March 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, the Revolving Credit Facilities during the period commencing September 13, 2022 and ending on September 13, 2025 and (ii) term loans (the Term Loan during the period commencing September 13, 2022 and ending on September 13, 2023, unless, in the case of (i) and (ii), there is an earlier termination of the September 2022 Credit Facility or event of default thereunder. The September 2022 Credit Facility will mature on September 13, 2027. Borrowings under the September 2022 Credit Facility will bear interest at a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to, at the Borrower s option, either (i) a SOFR reference rate plus the facility margin of 2.25 per annum or (ii) the Base Rate plus the facility margin of 2.25 per annum. 
 The Borrower s obligations under the September 2022 Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in all of the assets of the Borrower, including its portfolio of loans which will be contributed by us to the Borrower in exchange for 100 of the membership interest of the Borrower and any payments received in respect of such loans. We may contribute or sell to the Borrower additional loans from time to time after the closing date, which shall be pledged in favor of the lenders under the September 2022 Credit Facility. 
 Under the September 2022 Credit Facility, the Borrower has made customary representations and warranties and is required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The September 2022 Credit Facility also includes events of default that are customary for similar credit facilities. As of December 31, 2022, the Borrower was in compliance with such covenants. 
 Borrowings of the Borrower are non-recourse to us but are considered borrowings of ours for purposes of complying with the asset coverage requirements under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 A summary of amounts outstanding and available under the Credit Facilities as of December 31, 2022 was as follows: 

Credit Facilities 
 
 Total Facility Commitment 

Borrowings Outstanding 

Available Amount (1) 

March 2022 Credit Facility 

200,000 

96,289 

103,711 

September 2022 Credit Facility 

250,000 

34,400 

135,414 

(1) The amount available considers any limitations related to the debt facility borrowing. 

We incurred financing costs of 1.2 million in connection with the March 2022 Credit Facility of which 1.1 million were recorded by us as deferred financing costs on our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities and are being amortized over the term of the March 2022 Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, 0.8 million of such deferred financing costs had yet to be amortized. 
 We incurred financing costs of 2.6 million in connection with the September 2022 Credit Facility which were recorded by us as deferred financing costs on our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities and are being amortized over the term of the September 2022 Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, 2.4 million of such deferred financing costs had yet to be amortized. As of December 31, 2022, 2.4 million of such deferred financing costs had yet to be amortized. 
 48 

A reconciliation of amounts presented on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities versus amounts outstanding on the Term Loan is as follows: 

As of December 31, 2022 

Principal amount outstanding on Term Loan 

34,400 

Deferred financing costs 

(1,181) 

Term Loan (as presented on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities) 

33,219 

The carrying amount of the Credit Facilities, which is categorized as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2022 approximates its fair value. Valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine fair value include our details; credit, market and liquidity risk and events; financial health of us; place in the capital structure; interest rate; and the respective credit agreement s terms and conditions. 
 The summary information regarding the Credit Facilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was as follows (dollar amounts in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

Credit facilities interest expense 

2,408 

Undrawn commitment fees 

679 

Administrative fees 

56 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

566 

Total 

3,709 

Weighted average interest rate 

4.60 

Average outstanding balance 

63,251 

We had the following unfunded commitments and unrealized depreciation by investment as of December 31, 2022 (dollar amounts in thousands): 

December 31, 2022 

Unfunded Commitments 
 
 Maturity/ Expiration 
 
 Amount 

Unrealized Depreciation 

Black Rock Coffee Holdings, LLC 
 
 October 2023 

4,711 

113 

Rising Pharma Holdings, Inc. 
 
 December 2026 

1,981 

99 

Red Robin International, Inc. 
 
 March 2027 

626 

30 

Total 

7,318 

242 

In order to finance certain investment transactions, we may, from time to time, enter into repurchase agreements with Macquarie US Trading LLC Macquarie ), whereby we sell to Macquarie an investment that we hold and concurrently enter into an agreement to repurchase the same investment at an agreed-upon price at a future date, not to exceed 90-days from the date it was sold (the Macquarie Transaction ). These Macquarie Transactions are accounted for as secured borrowings. Accordingly, the investment financed by the Macquarie Transaction remains on our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as an asset, and we record a liability to reflect our repurchase obligation to Macquarie (the Repurchase Obligation ). The Repurchase Obligation is secured by the respective investment that is the subject of the repurchase agreement. 
 We entered into repurchase agreements on February 8, 2022, March 2, 2022, and April 11, 2022 which were collateralized by our term loans to Hudson Technologies Company, Rising Pharma Holdings, Inc, and Red Robin International, Inc., respectively. Interest under these Repurchase Obligations were calculated as the product of (i) the difference in days between the trade date and the settlement date of the respective Macquarie Transaction and (ii) 0.0000847, 0.000092510, and 0.00010875, as stipulated in the repurchase agreements for Hudson Technologies Company, Rising Pharma Holdings, Inc., and Red Robin International, respectively. All three Repurchase Obligations were settled during the three months ended June 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding Repurchase Obligations. 
 49 

Item 7A.	Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, 100 of our debt investments bore interest based on floating rates, such as LIBOR and SOFR. The interest rates on such investments generally reset by reference to the current market index after one to three months. As of December 31, 2022, the percentage of our floating rate debt investments that bore interest based on an interest rate floor was 0.0 . Floating rate investments subject to a floor generally reset by reference to the current market index after one to three months only if the index exceeds the floor. 
 Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in earnings that may result from changes in the level of interest rates. Because we fund a portion of our investments with borrowings, our net investment income is affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. We assess our portfolio companies periodically to determine whether such companies will be able to continue making interest payments in the event that interest rates increase. There can be no assurances that the portfolio companies will be able to meet their contractual obligations at any or all levels of increases in interest rates. 
 Based on our December 31, 2022 consolidated statement of assets and liabilities, the following table shows the annual impact on net investment income (excluding the related incentive compensation impact) of base rate changes in interest rates (considering interest rate floors for variable rate instruments) assuming no changes in our investment and borrowing structure (dollar amounts in thousands): 

Interest Income 

Interest Expense 

Net Investment Income (Loss) 

Up 300 basis points 

9,444 

3,975 

5,469 

Up 200 basis points 

6,296 

2,650 

3,646 

Up 100 basis points 

3,148 

1,325 

1,823 

Down 100 basis points 

(3,148) 

(1,325) 

(1,823) 

Down 200 basis points 

(6,296) 

(2,650) 

(3,646) 

Down 300 basis points 

(9,273) 

(3,975) 

(5,298) 

Ite m 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 See the audited financial statements set forth herein commencing on page F-1 of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 It em 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 I tem 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Based on that evaluation, our President and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our current disclosure controls and procedures are effective, at a reasonable assurance level, in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act and are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 50 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and disposition of assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of our management and directors; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projection of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods is subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based upon the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, we maintained in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting. Pursuant to rules established by the SEC, this annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 It em 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 51 

PART III 
 It em 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this Item has been omitted and will be incorporated herein by reference, when filed, to our Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 It em 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item has been omitted and will be incorporated herein by reference, when filed, to our Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 It em 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this Item has been omitted and will be incorporated herein by reference, when filed, to our Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 It em 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this Item has been omitted and will be incorporated herein by reference, when filed, to our Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Ite m 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item has been omitted and will be incorporated herein by reference, when filed, to our Proxy Statement, which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 52 

PART IV 
 It em 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) List separately all financial statements filed. 

The financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed on page F-1 and commence on page F-3. 
 (b) The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or incorporated herein by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC. 

53 

Exhibit Index 

3.1 
 Certificate of Formation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s registration statement on Form 10, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 25, 2021) 

3.2 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated March 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s registration statement on Form 10, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 25, 2021) 

3.3 
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated January 21, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Annual Report on form 10-K/A filed on April 28, 2022) 

10.1 
 Investment Advisory and Management Agreement, dated January 21, 2022, by and between the Company and TCW Asset Management Company LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Annual Report on form 10-K/A filed on April 28, 2022) 

10.2 
 Administration Agreement, dated January 21, 2022, by and between the Company and TCW Asset Management Company LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Annual Report on form 10-K/A filed on April 28, 2022) 

10.3 
 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2022, among TCW Direct Lending VIII LLC, as borrower, and PNC Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2022) 

10.4 
 Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2022, by and among TCW DL VIII Financing LLC, as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto; PNC Bank, National Association, as Facility Agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as Custodian and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as Collateral Agent and Collateral Administrator (incorporated by reference from the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 19, 2022). 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of TCW Direct Lending VIII LLC 

31.1 
 Certification of President Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1 
 Certification of President Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 54 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

TCW DIRECT LENDING VIII LLC 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Richard T. Miller 

Richard T. Miller 

Chairman of the Board, President and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Richard T. Miller 

Richard T. Miller 

Chairman of the Board, President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Laird R. Landmann 

Laird R. Landmann 

Director 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Saverio M. Flemma 

Saverio M. Flemma 

Director 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ R. David Kelly 

R. David Kelly 

Director 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Sheila A. Finnerty 

Sheila A. Finnerty 

Director 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrew W. Tarica 

Andrew W. Tarica 

Director 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrew J. Kim 

Andrew J. Kim 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

55 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and from May 27, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members Capital for the year ended December 31, 2022 and from May 27, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021 
 F- 8 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 F- 9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Unitholders and the Board of Directors of TCW Direct Lending VIII LLC 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements and Financial Highlights 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of TCW Direct Lending VIII LLC (the Company ), including the consolidated schedule of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and changes in members capital for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 27, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statement of cash flows and the financial highlights for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements and financial highlights present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the results of its operations and changes in members capital for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 27, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, and the result of its cash flows and the financial highlights for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements and financial highlights are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements and financial highlights based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements and financial highlights are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements and financial highlights, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements and financial highlights. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements and financial highlights. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2022, by correspondence with the custodian, loan agents, and borrowers; when replies were not received, we performed other auditing procedures. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Investments, at fair value - Level 3 Investment Valuations and Fair Value Measurements Refer to Note 3 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 F- 2 

The Company held certain investments with fair values based on significant unobservable inputs that reflect management s determination of assumptions that market participants might reasonably use in valuing the investments. These investments are classified as Level 3 investments under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These investments included debt and equity securities, each of which lack observable market prices. Such investments are valued based on specific pricing models, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs. A market approach is generally used to determine fair value of equity instruments and a discounted cash flow approach or enterprise value waterfall is generally used for debt instruments. Valuation may also include a shadow rating method. The fair value of the Company s Level 3 investments was 304,672,102 as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We identified the valuation of Level 3 investments as a critical audit matter because of the judgments necessary for management to select appropriate valuation techniques and to use significant unobservable inputs to estimate the fair value of the investment. Such securities are valued based on specific pricing models, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs as determined by management. This required a high degree of auditor judgement and increased effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists who possess significant quantitative and modeling expertise, to audit and evaluate the appropriateness of these models and internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs in determining the fair value of these investments. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the valuation techniques and unobservable inputs used by management to estimate the fair value of Level 3 investments included the following, among others: 
 We obtained an understanding of the methods, valuation models, and assumptions for the unobservable inputs used to derive the pricing information as part of the procedures to test the fair value estimates. 

We inspected all investment transactions within 60 days prior and subsequent to year end, if any, and compared the transaction price to the valuation at year end to assess the reasonableness of the valuation at year end. 

We utilized fair value specialists to assist in validating the appropriateness of the valuation techniques and valuation assumptions and to test the valuation by developing an independent expectation. We also assessed the reasonableness of the business assumptions used in the valuation. We developed independent estimates of the fair values and compared our estimates to management s estimates. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of any significant changes in valuation techniques or significant unobservable inputs for those investments from the prior year-end. 

Los Angeles, California 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 F- 3 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING VIII LLC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Industry 
 
 Issuer 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Investment 
 
 of Net Assets 

Par Amount 

Maturity Date 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

DEBT (1) 

Commercial Professional Services 

Hudson Technologies Company 

Term Loan - (SOFR + , Floor) 

Hudson Technologies Company 

Last Out Term Loan - (SOFR + , Floor) 

Construction Materials 

Resco Products, Inc. 

Term Loan - (SOFR + , Floor) 

Data Processing Outsourced Services 

Alorica, Inc. 

Term Loan - (SOFR + , Floor) 

Energy 

HOP Energy, LLC 

Term Loan - (SOFR + , Floor) 

Hotels, Restaurants Leisure 

Black Rock Coffee Holdings, LLC 

Term Loan - inc PIK (SOFR + , Floor, PIK) 

Red Robin International, Inc. 

Term Loan - (SOFR + , Floor) 

Red Robin International, Inc. 

Revolver - (SOFR + , Floor) 

Housewares Specialties 

Lenox Holdings, Inc. 

Term Loan - (SOFR + , Floor) 

Industrial Machinery 

Triarc Tanks Bidco, LLC 

Term Loan - (SOFR + , Floor) 

Oil Gas Equipment Services 

Harvey Gulf Holdings, LLC 

Term Loan A - (SOFR + , Floor) 

Harvey Gulf Holdings, LLC 

Term Loan B - (SOFR + , Floor) 

F- 4 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING VIII LLC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Industry 
 
 Issuer 
 
 Acquisition Date 
 
 Investment 
 
 of Net Assets 

Par Amount 

Maturity Date 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

DEBT (continued) 

Pharmaceuticals 

Rising Pharma Holdings, Inc. 

Term Loan - (SOFR + , Floor) 

Rising Pharma Holdings, Inc. 

Delayed Draw Term Loan - (SOFR + , Floor) 

Retailing 

Follett Higher Education Group, Inc. 

Term Loan - (LIBOR + , Floor) 

Technologies Hardware, Storage and Peripherals 

Sigmatron International, Inc. 

Term Loan - (SOFR + , Floor) 

Total Debt Investments (2) 

Shares 

Cash Equivalents 

First American Government Obligation Fund, Yield 

Total Cash Equivalents 

Short-term Investments 

U.S. Treasury Bill, Yield 

Total Short-term Investments 

Total Investments 

Net unrealized depreciation on unfunded commitments 

() 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets 

() 

Net Assets 

(1) 

(2) 

SOFR - Secured Overnight Financing Rate, generally 1-Month or 3-Month 
 LIBOR - London Interbank Offered Rate, generally 1-Month or 3-Month 
 Aggregate acquisitions and aggregate dispositions of investments, other than government securities, totaled and , respectively, for the period ended December 31, 2022. Aggregate acquisitions includes investment assets received as payment in kind. Aggregate dispositions includes principal paydowns on and maturities of debt investments. 

Geographic Breakdown of Portfolio 

United States 

F- 5 

TCW DIRECT LENDING VIII LLC 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except unit data) 
 December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Investments, at fair value 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments (amortized cost of and , respectively) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Interest receivable 

Receivable for investment sold 

Organizational costs due from related party 

Directors' fees due from related party 

Deferred offering costs 

Due from adviser 

Other assets due from related party 

Deferred financing costs 

Prepaid and other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities 

Payable for short-term investments purchased 

Revolving credit facilities payable 

Term loan (net of and of deferred financing costs, respectively) 

Incentive fee payable 

Distribution payable 

Interest and credit facility expense payable 

Management fees payable 

Organizational costs payable to related party 

Unrealized depreciation on unfunded commitments 

Offering costs payable to related party 

Directors' fees payable to related party 

Directors' fees payable 

Other liabilities payable to related party 

Other accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) 

Members Capital 

Common Unitholders commitment: and units issued and outstanding, respectively) 

Common Unitholders undrawn commitment: and units issued and outstanding, respectively) 

() 

Common Unitholders offering costs 

() 

Common Unitholders capital 

Accumulated loss 

() 

Total Members Capital 

Total Liabilities and Members Capital 

Net Asset Value Per Unit (accrual base) (Note 10) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

TCW DIRECT LENDING VIII LLC 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except unit data) 
 December 31, 2022 

For the year ended December 31, 

For the period from May 27, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Investment Income 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments: 

Interest income 

Interest income paid-in-kind 

Other fee income 

Total investment income 

Expenses 

Interest and credit facilities expenses 

Management fees 

Incentive fees 

Administrative fees 

Directors fees 

Professional fees 

Organizational costs 

Other expenses 

Total expenses 

Expenses recaptured/(reimbursed) by related party 

() 

Expenses reimbursed by Adviser 

() 

Net expenses 

Net investment income 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

Net realized (loss) gain: 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation): 

Non-controlled/non-affiliated investments 

Net realized gain on short-term investments 

Net realized and unrealized gain on investments 

Net increase in Members Capital from operations 

Basic and diluted: 

Income per unit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 

TCW DIRECT LENDING VIII LLC 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Memb ers Capital 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except unit data) 
 December 31, 2022 

Common Unitholders Capital 

Accumulated Earnings (Loss) 

Total 

Members Capital at May 27, 2021 (Inception) 

Increase in Members Capital Resulting from Capital Activity 

Contributions 

Total Increase in Members Capital Resulting from Capital Activity 

Total Increase in Members Capital for the period ended December 31, 2021 

Members Capital at December 31, 2021 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Members Capital Resulting from Operations: 

Net investment income 

Net realized gain on investments 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) on investments 

Distributions to Members from: 

Distributable earnings 

() 

() 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Members Capital Resulting from Capital Activity: 

Contributions 

Offering costs 

() 

() 

Total Increase (Decrease) in Members Capital for the year ended December 31, 2022 

() 

Members Capital at December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 8 

TCW DIRECT LENDING VIII LLC 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except unit data) 
 December 31, 2022 

For the year ended December 31, 

2022 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Adjustments to reconcile the net decrease in net assets resulting from operations to net cash used in operating activities: 

Purchases of investments 

() 

Purchases of short-term investments 

() 

Interest income paid-in-kind 

() 

Proceeds from sales and paydowns of investments 

Realized loss on investments 

Change in net unrealized (appreciation)/depreciation on investments 

() 

Amortization of premium and accretion of discount, net 

() 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Increase (decrease) in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in interest receivable 

() 

(Increase) decrease in receivable for investment sold 

() 

(Increase) decrease in organizational costs due from related party 

(Increase) decrease in directors' fees due from related party 

(Increase) decrease in deferred offering costs 

(Increase) decrease in due from advisor 

() 

(Increase) decrease in other assets due from related party 

(Increase) decrease in prepaid and other assets 

() 

Increase (decrease) in payable for short-term investments purchased 

Increase (decrease) in incentive fee payable 

Increase (decrease) interest and credit facility expense payable 

Increase (decrease) management fees payable 

Increase (decrease) in organizational costs payable to related party 

() 

Increase (decrease) offering costs payable to related party 

() 

Increase (decrease) directors' fees payable to related party 

() 

Increase (decrease) directors fees payable 

Increase (decrease) other liabilities payable to related party 

() 

Increase (decrease) other accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Contribution from Members 

Distributions to Members from distributable earnings 

() 

Offering costs 

() 

Deferred financing costs paid 

() 

Proceeds from credit facilities 

Repayment of credit facilities 

() 

Proceeds from repurchase obligation 

Repayment of repurchase obligation 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 

Supplemental and non-cash financing activities 

Interest expense paid 

Distribution payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 9 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING VIII LLC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except unit data) 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Units at an aggregate purchase price of to TCW Asset Management Company LLC TAMCO or the Adviser ), the Company's investment adviser and an affiliate of the TCW Group, Inc. On July 22, 2021 the Company filed an election to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). The Company also intends to elect to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a Regulated Investment Company (a RIC under Subchapter M of the U.S Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The Company will be required to meet the minimum distribution and other requirements for RIC qualification. As a BDC and a RIC, the Company will be required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. On January 21, 2022, the Company entered into the Investment Advisory and Management Agreement with the Adviser. On the same date, the Company also completed the first closing of the sale of its Common Units (the Initial Closing Date pursuant to which the Company sold Common Units at an aggregate purchase price of . The Company may continue to accept s ubscription agreements and issue Units for a period of twelve-months following the Initial Closing Date. The Company commenced operations during the first quarter of fiscal year 2022. On May 13, 2022, the Company formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, TCW DL VIII Financing LLC, a single member Delaware limited liability company. On July 8, 2022, the Company completed the second closing of the sale of its Common Units pursuant to which the Company sold Common Units for an aggregate offering price of . On November 14, 2022, the Company completed the third closing of the sale of our Common Units pursuant to which the Company sold Common Units for an aggregate offering price of . The sale of the Common Units was made pursuant to subscription agreements entered into by the Company and each investor. Under the terms of the subscription agreements, the Company may draw down all or any portion of the undrawn commitment with respect to each Common Unit generally upon at least ten business days prior written notice to the unitholders. The consolidated financial statements in this annual report on Form 10-K include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. Term: The term of the Company will continue until the sixth anniversary of the final date on which the Company will accept subscription agreements and issue Units (the Final Closing Date ), unle ss extended or the Company is sooner dissolved as provided in the Company s amended and restated limited liability agreement (the LLC Agreement or by operation of law. The Company may extend the term for additional periods upon written notice to the holders of the Units (the Unitholders and holders of preferred units, if any (together with the Unitholders, the Members ), at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the term or the end of the first one-year period. Thereafter, the term may be extended for successive periods, with the vote or consent of a supermajority representing more than 66 2/3 in interest of the holders of the Units. 1. Organization and Basis of Presentation (Continued) 

 Commitment Period: from the Initial Closing Date and (b) February 1, 2026, four years from the date in which the Company first completed an investment. However, the Commitment Period is subject to termination upon the occurrence of a Key Person Event defined as follows: A Key Person Event will occur if, during the Commitment Period, (i) Richard T. Miller and one or more Suzanne Grosso, Mark Gertzof and David Wang (each of such Persons, a Key Person and collectively, the Key Persons fail to devote substantially all (i.e. more than of his or her business time to the investment activities of the Company, the prior funds, any successor funds and any fund(s) managed by the Adviser or an affiliate of the Adviser that are managed within the Private Credit Group (together, the Related Entities ); or (ii) Ms. Grosso, Mr. Gertzof and Mr. Wang all fail to devote substantially all of their business time to the investment activities of the Company and the Related Entities, in each case other than as a result of a temporary disability; provided that if a replacement has been approved as described in the paragraphs below, such replacement shall be specifically designated to take the place of one of the above-named individuals and the definition Key Person Event will be amended to take into account such successor. Upon the occurrence of a Key Person Event, and in the event that the Adviser fails to replace the above-referenced individuals in the manner contemplated by the last sentence of this paragraph, the Commitment Period shall be automatically terminated upon such Key Person Event. The Commitment Period will be re-instated upon the vote or written consent of 66 2/3 in interest of the Unitholders. The Adviser is permitted at any time to replace any person designated above with a senior professional (including a Key Person) selected by the Adviser, provided that such replacement has been approved by a majority of the Unitholders (in which case, the approved substitute will be a Key Person in lieu of the person replaced). The determination of whether a Key Person Event has occurred will be made by the Company in accordance with the criteria set out above. If, during the Commitment Period, any Key Person shall fail to devote substantially all of his or her business time to the investment activities of the Partnership and the Related Entities other than as a result of temporary disability (the occurrence of such event, a Key Person Departure ), the Company shall provide written notice to Unitholders of such Key Person Departure within 30 days of the date of such Key Person Departure. If the Company fails to obtain approval of a replacement of a Key Person following a Key Person Departure as provided herein, then notwithstanding anything herein, the Key Person Departure shall be permanent and the Adviser shall not be permitted to replace such Key Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Adviser is permitted at any time to replace any Person designated above with a senior professional (including a Key Person) selected by the Adviser, with the approval of the majority of the Unitholders (in which case, the approved substitute shall be a Key Person in lieu of the Person replaced) no later than 90 days after the date that the Adviser informs the Company of its proposed replacement of the Key Person. If such replacement(s) end the occurrence of a Key Person Event, the Commitment Period will automatically be re-instated. In accordance with the Company s LLC Agreement, the Company may complete investment transactions that were significantly in process as of the end of the Commitment Period and which the Company reasonably expects to be consummated prior to subsequent to the expiration date of the Commitment Period. The Company may also effect follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies up to an aggregate maximum of of aggregate cumulative invested amounts. 1. Organization and Basis of Presentation (Continued) 

 Capital Commitments: On the Initial Closing Date, the Company began accepting subscription agreements from investors for the private sale of its Units. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has sold Units for an aggregate offering price of . Each Unitholder is obligated to contribute capital equal to their respective capital commitment to the Company (each, a Commitment and each Unit s Commitment obligation is per unit. The sale of the Units was made pursuant to subscription agreements entered into by the Company and each investor. Under the terms of the subscription agreements, the Company may draw down all or any portion of the undrawn commitment with respect to each Unit generally upon at least ten business days prior written notice to the unitholders. The amount of capital that remains to be drawn down and contributed is referred to as an Undrawn Commitment . The commitment amount funded does not include amounts contributed in anticipation of a potential investment that the Company did not consummate and therefore returned to the Members as unused capital. 

Recallable Amount: A Unitholder may be required to re-contribute amounts distributed equal to (a) such Unitholder s share of all portfolio investments that are repaid to the Company, or otherwise recouped by the Company, and distributed to the Unitholder, in whole or in part, during or after the Commitment period, reduced by (b) all re-contributions made by such Unitholder. This amount, (the Recallable Amount is excluded from the calculation of the accrual based net asset value. The Recallable Amount as of December 31, 2022 was . 

2. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

in organizational costs, of which was expensed during the year ended December 31, 2022. Since inception, the Company has incurred in offering costs which were charged directly to Members Capital as of December 31, 2022 . 

2. Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

3. Investment Valuations and Fair Value Measurements (Continued) 

 On May 11, 2022, pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, the Board designated the Adviser as the valuation designee with respect to the fair valuation of the Company's portfolio securities, subject to oversight by and periodic reporting to the Board. Prior to this date, fair valuations were approved by the Board in accordance with the Company's valuation policy. The Adviser's internal valuation process did not change as a result of Rule 2a-5, and it continues to receive a report from an independent third-party valuation firm for fair valued securities. Fair Value Hierarchy: Assets and liabilities are classified by the Company into three levels based on valuation inputs used to determine fair value: Level 1 values are based on unadjusted quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets. Level 2 values are based on significant observable market inputs, such as quoted prices for similar assets and quoted prices in inactive markets or other market observable inputs. Level 3 values are based on significant unobservable inputs that reflect the Company s determination of assumptions that market participants might reasonably use in valuing the assets. Categorization within the hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The valuation levels are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in those securities. Level 1 Assets (Investments) : The valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine fair value are as follows: Equity, (Level 1) , generally includes common stock valued at the closing price on the primary exchange in which the security trades. Level 2 Assets (Investments) : The valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine fair value are as follows: Equity, (Level 2) , generally include warrants valued using quotes for comparable investments. Level 3 Assets (Investments): The following valuation techniques and significant inputs are used to determine the fair value of investments in private debt and equity for which reliable market quotations are not available. Some of the inputs are independently observable however, a significant portion of the inputs and the internal assumptions applied are unobservable. Debt, (Level 3) , include investments in privately originated senior secured debt. Such securities are valued based on specific pricing models, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs. A discounted cash flow approach incorporating a weighted average cost of capital is generally used to determine fair value or, in some cases, an enterprise value waterfall method. Valuation may also include a shadow rating method. Standard pricing inputs include but are not limited to the financial health of the issuer, place in the capital structure, value of other issuer debt, credit, industry, and market risk and events. 3. Investment Valuations and Fair Value Measurements (Continued) 

 Equity , (Level 3), may include common stock, preferred stock and warrants. Such securities are valued based on specific pricing models, internal assumptions and the weighting of the best available pricing inputs. A market approach is generally used to determine fair value. Pricing inputs include, but are not limited to, financial health and relevant business developments of the issuer; EBITDA; market multiples of comparable companies; comparable market transactions and recent trades or transactions; issuer, industry and market events; and contractual or legal restrictions on the sale of the security. When a Black-Scholes pricing model is used it follows the income approach. The pricing model takes into account the contract terms as well as multiple inputs, including: time value, implied volatility, equity prices and interest rates. A liquidity discount based on current market expectations, future events, minority ownership position and the period management reasonably expects to hold the investment may be applied. Pricing inputs and weightings applied to determine value require subjective determination. Accordingly, valuations do not necessarily represent the amounts that may eventually be realized from sales or other dispositions of investments. 

Short- term investments 

Cash equivalents 

Total 

Purchases, including payments received in-kind 

Sales and paydowns of investments 

() 

() 

Amortization of premium and accretion of discount, net 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Change in net unrealized appreciation/(depreciation) in investments held as of December 31, 2022 

The Company did t have any transfers between levels during the year ended December 31, 2022. 3. Investment Valuations and Fair Value Measurements (Continued) 

 Level 3 Valuation and Quantitative Information: 

Income Method 
 
 Discount Rate 
 
 to 

Decrease 

Debt 

Market Method 
 
 Indicative Bid 
 
 to 
 
 N/A 
 
 Increase 
 
 Weighted based on fair value 
 The Company generally utilizes the midpoint of a valuation range provided by an external, independent valuation firm in determining fair value. 

 and will remain in effect from year to year thereafter if approved annually by (i) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the Company s outstanding voting securities and (ii) the vote of a majority of the Board who are not interested persons (as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act) of the Company, the Adviser or any of their respective affiliates (the Independent Directors ). The Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of an assignment by the Adviser. If the Advisory Agreement is terminated according to this paragraph, the Company will pay the Adviser a pro-rated portion of the Management Fee and Incentive Fee (each as defined below). Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser will: determine the composition of the Company s portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to the Company s portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 

 identify, evaluate and negotiate the structure of the investments the Company makes (including performing due diligence on the Company s prospective portfolio companies); 

 determine the assets the Company will originate, purchase, retain or sell; 

 close, monitor and administer the investments the Company makes, including the exercise of any rights in the Company s capacity as a lender; and 

 provide the Company such other investment advice, research and related services as the Company may, from time to time, require. 

 4. Agreements and Related Party Transactions (Continued) 

 The Company pays to the Adviser, quarterly in arrears, a management fee in cash (the Management Fee calculated as follows: (i.e., per annum) of the average gross assets of the Company on a consolidated basis, with the average determined based on the gross assets of the Company as of the end of the three most recently completed calendar months. Gross assets means the amortized cost of the Company s portfolio investments (including portfolio investments purchased with borrowed funds and other forms of leverage, such as preferred units, public and private debt issuances, derivative instruments, repurchase agreements and other similar instruments or arrangements) that have not been sold, distributed to members, or written off for tax purposes (but reduced by any portion of such cost basis that has been written down to reflect a permanent impairment of value of any portfolio investment), and excluding cash and cash equivalents. The Management Fee for any partial month or quarter will be appropriately pro-rated. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Management Fees incurred were of which remained payable as of December 31, 2022. In addition, the internal rate of return on their aggregate capital contributions in respect of all Units (the Hurdle ); 

 (c) Third, the Adviser will be entitled to an Incentive Fee out of of additional amounts otherwise distributable to Unitholders until such time as the Incentive Fee paid to the Adviser is equal to of the sum of (i) the amount by which the Hurdle exceeds the aggregate capital contributions of the Unitholders in respect of all Units and (ii) the amount of Incentive Fee being paid to the Adviser pursuant to this clause (c); and 

 (d) Thereafter, the Adviser will be entitled to an Incentive Fee equal to of additional amounts otherwise distributable to Unitholders, with the remaining distributed to the Unitholders. 

The Incentive Fee will be calculated on a cumulative basis and the amount of the Incentive Fee payable in connection with any distribution (or deemed distribution) will be determined and, if applicable, paid in accordance with the foregoing formula each time amounts are to be distributed to the Unitholders. For purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee, as provided in 3.3.2 of the LLC Agreement, Aggregate Contributions shall not include NAV Balancing Contributions or Late-Closer Contributions (as such terms are defined in the LLC Agreement), and the distributions to Common Unitholders shall not include distributions attributable to Late-Closer Contributions. NAV Balancing Contributions received by the Company will not be treated as amounts distributed to Common Unitholders for purposes of calculating the Incentive Fee. In addition if distributions to which a Defaulting Member (as such term is defined in the LLC Agreement) otherwise would have been entitled have been withheld pursuant to 6.2.4 of the LLC Agreement, the amounts so withheld shall be treated for such purposes as having been distributed to such Defaulting Member. The amount of any distribution of securities made in kind shall be equal to the fair market value of those securities at the time of distribution determined pursuant to 13.4 of the LLC Agreement. 4. Agreements and Related Party Transactions (Continued) 

 If the Advisory Agreement terminates early for any reason other than (i) the Adviser voluntarily terminating the agreement or (ii) the Company terminating the agreement for cause (as set out in the Advisory Agreement), the Company will be required to pay the Adviser a final incentive fee payment (the Final Incentive Fee Payment ). The Final Incentive Fee Payment will be calculated as of the date the Advisory Agreement is so terminated and will equal the amount of Incentive Fee that would be payable to the Adviser if (A) all of the Company s investments were liquidated for their current value (but without taking into account any unrealized appreciation of any portfolio investment), and any unamortized deferred portfolio investment-related fees were deemed accelerated, (B) the proceeds from such liquidation were used to pay all of the Company s outstanding liabilities, and (C) the remainder were distributed to Unitholders and paid as Incentive Fee in accordance with the waterfall (i.e., clauses (a) through (d)) described above for determining the amount of the Incentive Fee. The Company will make the Final Incentive Fee Payment in cash on or immediately following the date the Advisory Agreement is so terminated. The Adviser Return Obligation (defined below) will not apply in connection with a Final Incentive Fee Payment. Adviser Return Obligation : After the Company has made its final distribution of assets in connection with its dissolution, if the Adviser has received aggregate payments of Incentive Fees in excess of the amount the Adviser was entitled to receive pursuant to Incentive Fee above, then the Adviser will return to the Company, on or before 90 days after such final distribution of assets, an amount equal to such excess (the Adviser Return Obligation ). Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, in no event will the Adviser be required to return to the Company an amount greater than the aggregate Incentive Fees paid to the Adviser, reduced by the excess (if any) of (a) the aggregate federal, state and local income tax liability the Adviser incurred in connection with the payment of such Incentive Fees, over (b) an amount equal to the U.S. federal and state tax benefits available to the Adviser by virtue of the payment made by the Adviser pursuant to its Adviser Return Obligation. Administration Agreement : On January 21, 2022, the Company entered into an Administration Agreement (the Administration Agreement with TCW Asset Management Company LLC (in such capacity, the Administrator ). Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator will furnish us with office facilities and equipment, and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services. Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Administrator will oversee the maintenance of the Company s financial records and otherwise assist with the Company s compliance with BDC and RIC rules, monitor the payment of expenses, oversee the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to the Company by others, be responsible for the financial and other records that the Company is required to maintain, prepare and disseminate reports to the Unitholders and reports and other materials to be filed with the SEC or other regulators, assist the Company in determining and publishing (as necessary or appropriate) its net asset value, oversee the preparation and filing of tax returns, generally oversee the payment of expenses and provide such other services as the Administrator, subject to review of the Company s Board, shall from time to time determine to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under the Administration Agreement. The Administrator may perform these services directly, may delegate some or all of them through the retention of a sub-administrator and may remove or replace any sub-administrator. Payments under the Administration Agreement will be equal to an amount that reimburses the Administrator for the costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations and providing personnel and facilities under the Administration Agreement. The amounts paid pursuant to the Administration Agreement are subject to Company Expenses Limitation (as defined herein). The Administrator agrees that it would not charge total fees under the Administration Agreement that would exceed its reasonable estimate of what a qualified third party would charge to perform substantially similar services. The costs and expenses paid by the Company and the applicable caps on certain costs and expenses are described below under Expenses . 4. Agreements and Related Party Transactions (Continued) 

 The Administration Agreement provides that neither the Administrator, nor any director, officer, agent or employee of the Administrator, shall be liable or responsible to the Company or any of the Unitholders for any error of judgment, mistake of law or any loss arising out of any investment, or for any other act or omission in the performance by such person or persons of their respective duties, except for liability resulting from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence, or reckless disregard of their respective duties. The Company will also indemnify the Administrator and its members, managers, officers, employees, agents, controlling persons and any other person or entity affiliated with it. Expenses: The Company, and indirectly the Unitholders, will bear all costs, expenses and liabilities, other than Adviser Operating Expenses (which shall be borne by the Adviser), in connection with the Company s organization, operations, administration and transactions Company Expenses ). Company Expenses shall include, without limitation: (a) organizational expenses and expenses associated with the issuance of the Units and organizational expenses of a related entity organized and managed by the Adviser or an affiliate of the Adviser as a feeder fund for the Company and issuance of interests therein; (b) expenses of calculating net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); (c) fees payable to third parties, including agents, consultants, attorneys or other advisors, relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; (d) expenses incurred by the Adviser or the Administrator payable to third parties, including agents, consultants, attorneys or other advisors, relating to or associated with monitoring the Company s financial and legal affairs, providing administrative services, monitoring or administering the Company s investments and performing due diligence reviews of prospective investments and the corresponding portfolio companies; (e) costs associated with the Company s reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act, the 1934 Act and other applicable federal or state securities laws; (f) fees and expenses incurred in connection with debt incurred to finance the Company s investments or operations, and payment of interest and repayment of principal on such debt; (g) expenses related to sales and purchases of Units and other securities; (h) Management Fees and Incentive Fees; (i) administrator fees and expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, provided that any such fees payable to the Administrator shall be limited to what a qualified third party would charge to perform substantially similar services; (j) transfer agent, sub-administrator and custodial fees; (k) expenses relating to the issue, repurchase and transfer of Units to the extent not borne by the relevant transferring Unitholders and/or assignees; (l) federal and state registration fees; (m) federal, state and local taxes and other governmental charges assessed against the Company; (n) independent directors fees and expenses and the costs associated with convening a meeting of the Company s board of directors or any committee thereof; (o) fees and expenses and the costs associated with convening a meeting of the Unitholders or holders of any Preferred Units; (p) costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to Unitholders, including printing and mailing costs; (q) costs and expenses related to the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements and tax returns; (r) the Company s allocable portion of the fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; (s) direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, and copying; (t) independent auditors and outside legal costs, including legal costs associated with any requests for exemptive relief, no-action positions or other guidance sought from a regulator, pertaining to the Company; (u) compensation of other third party professionals to the extent they are devoted to preparing the Company s consolidated financial statements or tax returns or providing similar back office financial services to the Company; (v) Adviser costs and expenses (excluding travel) in connection with identifying and investigating investment opportunities for the Company, monitoring the Company s investments and disposing of any such investments; (w) portfolio risk management costs; (x) commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of securities (including merger fees); (y) costs and expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, commercial banking, accounting, auditing, appraisal, valuation, administrative agent activities, custodial and registration services provided to the Company, including in each case services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities by us that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such securities or others (whether or not such purchase or sale is consummated); (z) costs of amending, restating or modifying the Company s LLC Agreement or Advisory Agreement or related documents of the Company or related entities; (aa) fees, costs, and expenses incurred in connection with the termination, liquidation or dissolution of the Company or related entities; and (bb) all other properly and reasonably chargeable expenses incurred by the Company or the Administrator in connection with administering the Company s business. 4. Agreements and Related Party Transactions (Continued) 

 However, the Company will not bear more than (a) an amount equal to basis points of its aggregate Commitments for organizational expenses and offering expenses in connection with the offering of Units through the Closing Period (see The Private Offering Closing Period and (b) basis points of the greater of total commitments or total assets computed annually for Company Expenses Company Expenses Limitation ); provided, that, any amount by which actual annual expenses in (b) exceed the Company Expenses Limitation shall be reimbursed to us by the Adviser in the year such excess is incurred with any partial year assessed and reimbursed on a pro rata basis; and provided, further, that in determining the Company Expenses subject to the Company Expenses Limitation in (b), the following expenses shall be excluded and shall be borne by us as incurred without regard to the Company Expenses Limitation in (b): the Management Fee, the Incentive Fee, organizational and offering expenses (which are subject to the separate cap), amounts incurred in connection with the Company s borrowings (including collateral agent (security trustee) fees, interest, bank fees, legal fees and other transactional expenses arising out of or related to any borrowing or borrowing facility and similar costs), transfer agent fees, federal, state and local taxes and other governmental charges assessed against the Company, out-of-pocket expenses of calculating net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm engaged for that purpose and the costs and expenses of the valuation of the Company s portfolio investments performed by the Company s independent auditors in order to comply with applicable Public Company Accounting Oversight Board standards), out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with arranging or structuring investments and their ongoing operations (including expenses and liabilities related to the formation and ongoing operations of any special purpose entity or entities in connection with an investment), out-of-pocket legal costs associated with any requests for exemptive relief, no-action positions or other guidance sought from a regulator pertaining to the Company, out-of-pocket costs and expenses relating to any reorganization or liquidation of the Company, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any extraordinary expenses (such as litigation expenses and indemnification payments). Notwithstanding the foregoing, amounts reimbursed pursuant to the Company Expenses Limitation in any year may be carried forward by the Adviser and recouped in future years where the Company Expenses Limitation is not exceeded but in no event will the Company carryforward to future periods the amount by which actual annual Company Expenses for a year exceed the Company Expenses Limitation for more than three years from the date on which such expenses were reimbursed. Adviser Operating Expenses means overhead and operating and administrative expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Adviser or any of its affiliates, including the Company, in connection with maintaining and operating the Adviser s office, including salaries and other compensation (including compensation due to its officers), rent, routine office equipment expense and liability and insurance premiums (other than (i) those incurred in maintaining fidelity bonds and Indemnitee insurance policies and (ii) the allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations), in furtherance of providing supervisory investment management services for the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, Adviser Operating Expenses include any expenses incurred by the Adviser or its affiliates in connection with the Adviser s registration as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended Advisers Act ), or with its compliance as a registered investment adviser thereunder. All Adviser Operating Expenses and all expenses of the Company that the Company will not bear, as set forth above, will be borne by the Adviser or its affiliates. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company reimbursed TAMCO for costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021. The aggregate of such costs was . In addition, the Adviser reimbursed of the Company's current year expenses, in accordance with the Administration Agreement (i.e. the Company will not bear more than an amount equal to 12.5 basis points of the greater of total commitments or total assets computed annually for Company Expenses). 

F- 21 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING VIII LLC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except unit data) 
 December 31, 2022 

Rising Pharma Holdings, Inc. 

Red Robin International, Inc. 

Total 

From time to time, the Company may become a party to certain legal proceedings incidental to the normal course of its business. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is not aware of any pending or threatened litigation. In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts which provide a variety of representations and warranties, and that provide general indemnifications. Such contracts include those with certain service providers, brokers and trading counterparties. Any exposure to the Company under these arrangements is unknown as it would involve future claims that may be made against the Company; however, based on the Company s experience, the risk of loss is remote and no such claims are expected to occur. As such, the Company has not accrued any liability in connection with such indemnifications. 

 Common Units at an aggregate purchase price of to TAMCO. 

Units issued and committed during the period 

Units issued and committed at end of period 

deemed distributions and contributions were processed during the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

 (the March 2022 Credit Facility Maximum Commitment ), subject to the lesser of (i) a percentage of unfunded commitments from certain classes of eligible investors in the Company (the March 2022 Credit Facility Borrowing Base and (ii) the March 2022 Credit Facility Maximum Commitment. The March 2022 Credit Facility has an initial commitment of and may be periodically increased in amounts designated by the Company, up to an aggregate amount of . The maturity date of the March 2022 Credit Facility is March 7, 2025, unless such date is extended at the Company s option for a term of up to 12 months after the maturity date. Borrowings under the March 2022 Credit Facility bear interest at a rate equal to either (a) a base rate calculated in a customary manner (which will never be less than the adjusted SOFR rate plus plus or (b) adjusted SOFR rate calculated in a customary manner plus . 7. Credit Facilities (Continued) 

 The March 2022 Credit Facility is secured by a first priority security interest, subject to customary exceptions, in (i) all of the capital commitments of the investors in the Company, (ii) the Company s right to make capital calls, receive payment of capital contributions from the investors and enforce payment of the capital commitments and capital contributions under the Company s operating agreement and (iii) a cash collateral account into which the capital contributions from the investors are made. The March 2022 Credit Facility may be terminated, and any outstanding amounts thereunder may become due and payable, should the Company fail to satisfy certain covenants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with such covenants. On September 13, 2022, TCW DL VIII Financing LLC (the Borrower or TCW DL VIII Financing ), a newly-formed, wholly-owned, special purpose financing subsidiary of the Company entered into a senior secured credit facility (the September 2022 Credit Facility and together with the March 2022 Credit Facility, the Credit Facilities pursuant to a credit and security agreement with PNC, as facility agent, the lenders from time to time party thereto, U.S. Bank National Association, as custodian, and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent and collateral administrator. The September 2022 Credit Facility provides for an aggregate principal amount of up to of revolving and term loans (the September 2022 Credit Facility Maximum Commitment ), subject to compliance with a borrowing base (the September 2022 Credit Facility Borrowing Base ). The September 2022 Credit Facility Maximum Commitment may be periodically increased in amounts designated by the Borrower up to an aggregate principal amount of , subject to lender consent and obtaining commitments for the increase. Under the September 2022 Credit Facility, the Borrower may make borrowings of (i) revolving loans (the September 2022 Revolving Credit Facility and together with the March 2022 Revolving Credit Facility, the Revolving Credit Facilities during the period commencing September 13, 2022 and ending on September 13, 2025 and (ii) term loans (the Term Loan during the period commencing September 13, 2022 and ending on September 13, 2023, unless, in the case of (i) and (ii), there is an earlier termination of the September 2022 Credit Facility or event of default thereunder. The September 2022 Credit Facility will mature on . Borrowings under the September 2022 Credit Facility will bear interest at a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to, at the Borrower s option, either (i) a SOFR reference rate plus the facility margin of per annum or (ii) the Base Rate plus the facility margin of per annum. The Borrower s obligations under the September 2022 Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in all of the assets of the Borrower, including its portfolio of loans which will be contributed by the Company to the Borrower in exchange for of the membership interest of the Borrower and any payments received in respect of such loans. The Company may contribute or sell to the Borrower additional loans from time to time after the closing date, which shall be pledged in favor of the lenders under the September 2022 Credit Facility. Under the September 2022 Credit Facility, the Borrower has made customary representations and warranties and is required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The September 2022 Credit Facility also includes events of default that are customary for similar credit facilities. As of December 31, 2022, the Borrower was in compliance with such covenants. Borrowings of the Borrower are non-recourse to the Company but are considered borrowings of the Company for purposes of complying with the asset coverage requirements under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 7. Credit Facilities (Continued) 

September 2022 Credit Facility 

(1) The amount available considers any limitations related to the debt facility borrowing. 

The Company incurred financing costs of in connection with the March 2022 Credit Facility of which were recorded by the Company as deferred financing costs on its Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities and are being amortized over the term of the March 2022 Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, of such deferred financing costs had yet to be amortized. The Company incurred financing costs of in connection with the September 2022 Credit Facility which were recorded by the Company as deferred financing costs on its Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities and are being amortized over the term of the September 2022 Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, of such deferred financing costs had yet to be amortized. 

Deferred financing costs 

() 

Term Loan (as presented on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities) 

The carrying amount of the Credit Facilities, which is categorized as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31, 2022 approximates its fair value. Valuation techniques and significant inputs used to determine fair value include Company details; credit, market and liquidity risk and events; financial health of the Company; place in the capital structure; interest rate; and the respective credit agreement s terms and conditions. 

Undrawn commitment fees 

Administrative fees 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Total 

Weighted average interest rate 

Average outstanding balance 

8. Repurchase Obligations (Continued) 

 In accordance with ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing , these Macquarie Transactions meet the criteria for secured borrowings. Accordingly, the investment financed by the Macquarie Transaction remains on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as an asset, and the Company records a liability to reflect its repurchase obligation to Macquarie (the Repurchase Obligation ). The Repurchase Obligation is secured by the respective investment that is the subject of the repurchase agreement. Interest expense associated with the Repurchase Obligation is reported on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations within Other expenses. The Company entered into repurchase agreements on February 8, 2022, March 2, 2022, and April 11, 2022 which were collateralized by the Company s term loans to Hudson Technologies Company, Rising Pharma Holdings, Inc, and Red Robin International, Inc., respectively. , , and , as stipulated in the repurchase agreements for Hudson Technologies Company, Rising Pharma Holdings, Inc., and Red Robin International, respectively. All three Repurchase Obligations were settled during the three months ended June 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had outstanding Repurchase Obligations. 

 federal income tax provision is required. 

Unrealized appreciation 

Unrealized depreciation 

() 

Net unrealized appreciation on investments 

9. Income Taxes (continued) 

Undistributed net investment (loss) income 

() 

Accumulated net realized gain (loss) 

Return of capital 

Other cumulative effect of timing differences 

() 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a net long-term capital loss carryforward of fo r federal income tax purposes, which may be carried forward indefinitely. These capital loss carryforwards are available to offset net realized gains in future years, thereby reducing future taxable gains distributions. The Company did t have any unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 , nor were there any increases or decreases in unrecognized tax benefits for the period then ended; therefore, interest or penalties were accrued. 

 F- 26 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING VIII LLC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except unit data) 
 December 31, 2022 

Income from Investment Operations: 

Net investment income 

Net realized and unrealized gain 

Total income from investment operations 

Less Distributions: 

From net investment income 

() 

Offering Costs 

() 

Net Asset Value Per Unit (accrual base), End of Period 

Unitholder Total Return (2) 

Unitholder IRR before incentive fees (3) 

Unitholder IRR before all fees and expenses (3) 

Ratios and Supplemental Data 

Members Capital, end of period 

Units outstanding, end of period 

Ratios based on average net assets of Members Capital: 

Ratio of total expenses to average net asset 

Expense recaptured (reimbursed) by Investment Advisor 

Ratio of net expenses to average net assets 

Ratio of financing cost to average net assets 

Ratio of net investment income before expense recapture to average net assets 

Ratio of net investment income to average net assets 

Ratio of incentive fees to average net assets 

Credit facility payable 

Asset coverage ratio 

Portfolio turnover rate 

(1) . 

 (2) 

 (3) . The IRR since inception for the Common Unitholders, after management fees, financing costs and operating expenses, and Advisor incentive fees is through December 31, 2022 . The IRR is computed based on cash flow due dates contained in notices to Members (contributions from and distributions to the Common Unitholders) and the net assets (residual value) of the Members Capital account at period end. The IRR is calculated based on the fair value of investments using principles and methods in accordance with GAAP and does not necessarily represent the amounts that may be realized from sales or other dispositions. Accordingly, the return may vary significantly upon realization. 

F- 27 
 
 TCW DIRECT LENDING VIII LLC 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except unit data) 
 December 31, 2022 

F- 28 

<EX-21>
 2
 ck0001825265-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of TCW Direct Lending VIII LLC 

Name 
 Jurisdiction 

TCW DL VIII Financing LLC 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-31>
 3
 ck0001825265-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 PRESIDENT CERTIFICATION 
 I, Richard T. Miller, certify that: 
 (1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TCW Direct Lending VIII LLC; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Richard T. Miller 

Richard T. Miller 

President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 4
 ck0001825265-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CFO CERTIFICATION 
 I, Andrew J. Kim, certify that: 
 (1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of TCW Direct Lending VIII LLC; 

(2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrew J. Kim 

Andrew J. Kim 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 5
 ck0001825265-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of President Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 
 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of TCW Direct Lending VIII LLC (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Richard T. Miller, as President of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Richard T. Miller 

Name: 
 Richard T. Miller 

Title: 
 President 

Date: 
 March 28, 2023 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 6
 ck0001825265-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 
 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of TCW Direct Lending VIII LLC (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Andrew J. Kim, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Andrew J. Kim 

Name: 
 Andrew J. Kim 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Date: 
 March 28, 2023 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 ck0001825265-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ck0001825265-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ck0001825265-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 ck0001825265-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ck0001825265-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

