<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1649094_0000950170-23-004654.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23882228</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>955399</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>7941980</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9369118</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2070649</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3133457</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-004654.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227161740
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-004654
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		126
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vaxcyte, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001649094
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				464233385
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39323
		FILM NUMBER:		23675118

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		825 INDUSTRIAL ROAD, STE. 300
		CITY:			SAN CARLOS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94070
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-837-0111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		825 INDUSTRIAL ROAD, STE. 300
		CITY:			SAN CARLOS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94070

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SutroVax, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150724

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-004654.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 pcvx-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _________ to ___________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The ag gregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of its Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately billion. Shar es of the Registrant s common stock held by each executive officer, director and holder of 10 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the Registrant for any other purpose. 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding a s of February 23, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 47 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 99 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 99 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 99 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 99 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 100 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 102 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 103 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 124 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 126 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 159 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 159 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 162 

Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 162 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 163 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 163 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 163 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 163 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 163 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 164 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 164 

Signatures 
 169 

Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to we, us, our, our company and Vaxcyte refer to Vaxcyte, Inc. 
 
 Vaxcyte, eCRM, and other trademarks of ours appearing in this report are our property. This report contains additional trade names and trademarks of other companies. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names or trademarks to imply an endorsement or sponsorship of us by such companies, or any relationship with any of these companies. 
 
 i 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements about us and our industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including statements regarding our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, seek, should, target, will, or would, or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our expectations regarding the potential benefits, spectrum of coverage and immunogenicity of our vaccine candidates; 

our expectations regarding our preclinical study results potentially being predictive of clinical study results; 

our belief that our pneumococcal conjugate vaccine candidates could receive regulatory approval based on a demonstration of non-inferiority to the standard of care using well-defined surrogate immune endpoints rather than requiring clinical field efficacy studies; 

the timing of the initiation, progress and potential results of our preclinical studies, clinical trials and our research and development programs; 

our ability to advance vaccine candidates into, and successfully complete, preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

the commercialization of our vaccine candidates, if approved; 

estimates of our future expenses, capital requirements and our needs for additional financing; 

our ability to compete effectively with existing competitors and new market entrants; 

our ability to establish and maintain intellectual property protection for our products or avoid claims of infringement; 

our and our third-party manufacturers manufacturing capabilities and the scalable nature of our manufacturing process; 

potential effects of extensive government regulation; 

the pricing, coverage and reimbursement of our vaccine candidates, if approved; 

our ability and the ability of our third-party contract manufacturers to operate and continue operations in light of the COVID-19 pandemic; 

our ability to hire and retain key personnel; 

our ability to obtain additional financing; and 

the volatility of the trading price of our common stock. 

Actual events or results may differ from those expressed in forward-looking statements. You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and operating results. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results, events and circumstances reflected in the 
 ii 

forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While we believe that information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, that information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements. 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments. 
 Summary of Risks Affecting Our Business 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those discussed more fully in the section titled Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 We are in the clinical or preclinical phase of vaccine development and have a very limited operating history and no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult for you to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. 

We have incurred significant net losses since inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur substantial net losses for the foreseeable future. We currently have no source of product revenue and may never achieve profitability. Our stock is a highly speculative investment. 

We will require substantial additional funding to finance our operations, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, reduce or terminate certain of our development programs or other operations. 

Our approach to the discovery and development of our vaccine candidates is based on novel technologies that are unproven, which may expose us to unforeseen risks, require us to modify processes, and make it difficult to predict the time and cost of vaccine candidate development and the timing to apply for and obtain regulatory approvals. 

Our vaccine candidates are in clinical or preclinical stages of development and may fail in development or suffer delays that materially and adversely affect their commercial viability. If we are unable to complete development of or commercialize our vaccine candidates or experience significant delays in doing so, our business would be materially harmed. 

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA may disagree with our regulatory plan, and we may fail to obtain regulatory approval of our vaccine candidates. 

Our business is highly dependent on the success of VAX-24, which is in clinical development. If we are unable to obtain approval for VAX-24 and effectively commercialize VAX-24, our business would be significantly harmed. 

Our primary competitors have significantly greater resources and experience than we do, which may make it difficult for us to successfully develop our vaccine candidates, or may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before or more successfully than us. 

We may not be successful in our efforts to use our cell-free protein synthesis platform to expand our pipeline of vaccine candidates and develop marketable products. 

iii 

We currently rely on third-party manufacturing and supply partners, including Lonza Ltd. and Sutro Biopharma, Inc. to supply raw materials and components for, and manufacture of, our preclinical and clinical supplies as well as our vaccine candidates. Our inability to procure necessary raw materials or to have sufficient quantities of preclinical and clinical supplies or the inability to have our vaccine candidates manufactured, including delays or interruptions at our third-party manufacturers, or our failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or to supply sufficient quantities at acceptable quality levels or prices, or at all, would materially and adversely affect our business. 

Health epidemics, including the effects of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, have impacted and could continue to impact our business, including in regions where we or third parties on which we rely have significant manufacturing facilities, concentrations of potential clinical trial sites or other business operations. 

The FDA regulatory approval process is lengthy and time-consuming, and we may experience significant delays in the clinical development and regulatory approval of our vaccine candidates. 

If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our technology and products, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. 

iv 

PART I 
 Item 1. Bu siness. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage vaccine innovation company engineering high-fidelity vaccines to protect humankind from the consequences of bacterial diseases. We are developing broad-spectrum conjugate and novel protein vaccines to prevent or treat bacterial infectious diseases. We are re-engineering the way highly complex vaccines are made through modern synthetic techniques, including advanced chemistry and the XpressCF cell-free protein synthesis platform, exclusively licensed from Sutro Biopharma, Inc., or Sutro Biopharma. Unlike conventional cell-based approaches, our system for producing difficult-to-make proteins and antigens is intended to accelerate our ability to efficiently create and deliver high-fidelity vaccines with enhanced immunological benefits. 
 Vaccines are one of the most successful and cost-effective global health interventions and prevent millions of deaths worldwide each year. Routine pediatric vaccinations are estimated to prevent 20 million cases of disease each year, saving over 180 billion in direct and societal costs in the United States alone. Adult vaccination rates are lower than pediatric vaccination rates, but new technologies are driving adult vaccine development, which in turn is fueling the growth of the overall vaccine market. Given the critical role vaccines play in preventing disease from childhood to adulthood, the global vaccine market is large, durable and growing. Therefore, there are areas of unmet medical need, including vaccines that can provide broader protection than currently marketed vaccines and novel vaccines that target pathogens for which there are no currently approved vaccines. We are driven to eradicate or treat invasive bacterial infections, which have serious and costly health consequences when left unchecked. 
 We carefully select our target disease areas and vaccine candidates based on the following criteria: areas of significant unmet medical need, well-defined commercial landscape and efficient market adoption, acceptable biological risk and established clinical pathways. We are leveraging our scalable cell-free protein synthesis platform to develop potentially superior and novel conjugate and protein vaccine candidates for adult and pediatric indications using these criteria. 
 Our pipeline includes: 
 Pneumococcal conjugate vaccine, or PCV, candidates that we believe are among the most broad-spectrum PCV candidates currently in development, targeting the approximately 7 billion global pneumococcal vaccine market. Pneumococcal disease is an infection caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae, or pneumococcus, bacteria. It can result in invasive pneumococcal disease, or IPD, including meningitis and bacteremia, and non-invasive pneumococcal disease, including pneumonia, otitis media and sinusitis. 

o Our lead vaccine candidate, VAX-24, is a 24-valent, broad-spectrum investigational PCV being developed for the prevention of IPD. VAX-24 is intended to improve upon the standard-of-care PCV vaccines for both children and adults by covering the serotypes that are responsible for most of the pneumococcal disease currently in circulation. 

VAX-24 Adult Program: On October 24, 2022, we announced positive topline results from both the Phase 1 and Phase 2 portions of a clinical proof-of-concept study evaluating the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of VAX-24 in 800 healthy adults aged 18-64. The Phase 1 portion of the study evaluated the safety and tolerability of a single injection of VAX-24 at three dose levels, 1.1mcg, 2.2mcg and 2.2mcg/4.4mcg, and compared to PCV20 in 64 healthy adults 18-49 years of age. The Phase 2 portion evaluated the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of a single injection of VAX-24 at the same three dose levels and compared to a single injection of Prevnar 20 , or PCV20, in 771 healthy adults 50-64 years of age. In this study, VAX-24 met the primary safety and tolerability objectives, demonstrating a safety profile similar to PCV20, for all doses studied. In this study, VAX-24 met or exceeded the established regulatory immunogenicity standards for all 24 serotypes at the conventional 2.2mcg dose, which we intend to move forward into a Phase 3 program. At this dose, VAX-24 met the standard opsonophagocytic activity, or 

1 

OPA, response non-inferiority criteria for all 20 serotypes common with PCV20, of which 16 achieved higher immune responses. Additionally, at all three doses, VAX-24 met the standard superiority criteria for all four serotypes unique to VAX-24. VAX-24 has the potential to cover an additional 10-28 percent of strains causing IPD in adults over the current standard-of-care PCVs. We have a separate Phase 2 study in approximately 200 healthy adults aged 65 and older for which we have completed enrollment, and we anticipate announcing topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity results from this study in the second quarter of 2023. We anticipate final results with the six-month safety data from both Phase 2 adult studies in the first half of 2023 and expect to hold regulatory interactions with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, in the second half of 2023 to inform the Phase 3 program. We expect topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity data from the Phase 3 pivotal, non-inferiority study in adults in 2025. The FDA has granted Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy designations for VAX-24 in adults. 

VAX-24 Pediatric Program: In late February 2023, we announced that the FDA cleared the VAX-24 IND application for the prevention of IPD in infants. We plan to initiate the infant Phase 2 study in the second quarter of 2023, with topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity data following the primary three-dose immunization series expected by 2025. The study design will include a primary immunization series consisting of three doses followed by a subsequent booster dose. 

o Our second PCV candidate, VAX-31 (formerly VAX-XP), builds on what has been established with VAX-24 and is designed to expand the breadth of coverage to 31 strains without compromising immunogenicity due to carrier suppression. VAX-31 was designed to provide coverage for approximately 95 of IPD currently circulating in the adult U.S. population. We anticipate submitting an IND application to the FDA for VAX-31 in adults in the second half of 2023. We expect topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity data from a Phase 1/2 study in adults in 2024. 

VAX-A1, a novel conjugate vaccine candidate designed to prevent disease caused by Group A Streptococcus, or Group A Strep. Group A Strep is pervasive globally and causes 700 million cases of illness annually, including pharyngitis, or strep throat, and certain severe invasive infections such as sepsis, necrotizing fasciitis and toxic shock syndrome. There is currently no vaccine against Group A Strep, which is one of the leading infectious disease-related causes of death and disability worldwide and a significant contributor to the prescription of antibiotics in the very young. We believe we have demonstrated preclinical proof of concept for VAX-A1, the data for which were published in December 2020. We nominated the final vaccine candidate for VAX-A1 in the first quarter of 2021 and initiated IND-enabling activities in the second half of 2021. We continue to advance the development of VAX-A1 and intend to provide further information about the anticipated timing of an IND application as the program progresses. 

VAX-PG, a novel protein vaccine candidate targeting the keystone pathogen responsible for periodontitis, a chronic oral inflammatory disease affecting an estimated 65 million adults in the United States. We believe we have generally demonstrated preclinical proof of concept for a periodontitis protein vaccine, the data for which was published in February 2019.We nominated a final vaccine candidate for VAX-PG in the fourth quarter of 2022 and continue to progress the program. Our initial goal is to develop a therapeutic vaccine to slow or stop disease progression; however, the results from clinical trials may inform the potential adoption of prophylactic immunization. 

VAX-GI, a new vaccine program designed to prevent Shigella, a bacterial illness that affects an estimated 188 million people worldwide each year and results in approximately 164,000 deaths annually, mostly among children under five years of age in low- and middle-income settings. 

We have other discovery-stage programs that leverage our cell-free protein synthesis platform, which, if proven successful in preclinical studies, could also be advanced into IND-enabling activities and clinical studies. 

2 

Our modern synthetic techniques, including advanced chemistry and the XpressCF cell-free protein synthesis platform, offer several advantages over conventional cell-based protein expression methods, which we believe enable us to generate superior, novel, more broad-spectrum and/or more immunogenic vaccines. In the context of conjugate vaccines, we believe we can add more antigenic strains without compromising the overall immune response. In particular, our ability to specify the attachment point of antigens, including polysaccharides, on protein carriers represents a significant improvement over the random conjugation that occurs with conventional technologies. This site-specific conjugation is designed to ensure that B-cell and/or T-cell epitopes are optimally exposed, maximizing the immune response, whereas random conjugation blocks these critical immunogenic epitopes, which dampens the immune response and may lead to a phenomenon known as carrier suppression. 
 We believe this precise control of conjugation chemistry enables us to design broader-spectrum conjugate vaccine candidates using carrier-sparing conjugates that use less protein carrier without sacrificing immunogenicity. We are also able to design novel conjugate vaccine candidates using standard amounts of protein carrier to generate heightened immunogenicity. Beyond conjugate vaccines, we believe we can also design novel protein vaccine candidates based on well-appreciated but highly complex antigens that currently cannot be made using conventional technologies to address diseases for which there are no available vaccines. In addition, our platform enables us to rapidly screen vaccine candidates, requiring less effort than conventional chemistry which allows us to produce and iterate conjugate candidates, thereby dramatically accelerating the development cycle of designing, producing and testing vaccine candidates. 
 Our Approach 
 To address areas of significant unmet medical need, we carefully select the disease areas we target and are developing vaccine candidates based on the following criteria: 
 Well-defined commercial landscape and efficient market adoption: We select vaccine targets that are characterized by an established patient population and significant unmet medical need. Our lead vaccine candidate, VAX-24, is a PCV intended to improve upon the standard-of-care for both children and adults by covering the serotypes that are responsible for most of the residual pneumococcal disease currently in circulation without sacrificing immunogenicity. We believe that by providing the broadest coverage of serotypes for PCVs, as well as providing novel vaccines for diseases for which there are no currently approved vaccines, we can leverage the U.S. Centers for Disease Control, or CDC, its Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, or ACIP, and similar international advisory body recommendations to drive rapid and significant market adoption. 

Acceptable biological risk: We choose vaccine targets with well-understood mechanisms of action and strong precedents for positive preclinical study results that we believe will translate to positive clinical trial results. For example, conjugate vaccines have demonstrated effectiveness in both preclinical and clinical trials against a range of bacteria, including pneumococcus, meningococcus and Haemophilus influenza B. There is consistent evidence that antibodies directed against these bacteria are protective against their respective diseases. 

Established clinical pathways: We pursue vaccine targets that we believe have clear and established clinical development pathways in order to accelerate the potential time to market. For example, we believe that our PCVs could receive regulatory approval based on successful completion of clinical studies utilizing well-defined surrogate immune endpoints, consistent with how other PCVs have obtained regulatory approval in the past, rather than requiring clinical field efficacy studies. However, while there have been approvals granted for both PCVs and meningococcal conjugate vaccines based on surrogate immune endpoints rather than field efficacy studies, we will not be able to confirm this approach s applicability for our PCVs until we complete our interactions with the FDA prior to the initiation of our Phase 3 clinical development program. For our novel vaccine candidates, where we believe clinical field efficacy studies will be necessary, we select disease areas with high attack rates, such as Group A Strep, which may allow for more manageable study sizes. For novel protein-based therapeutic vaccine candidates, such as our periodontitis vaccine candidate, we select disease areas where we believe clinical efficacy may be evaluated based on 

3 

disease progression rather than prevention, which could allow for smaller and faster trials relative to preventative vaccines. 

Our Platform 
 We are re-engineering the way highly complex vaccines are made through modern synthetic techniques, including advanced chemistry and the XpressCF cell-free protein synthesis platform to develop potentially superior and novel conjugate and protein vaccine candidates for adult and pediatric indications using the above criteria by taking advantage of the following: 
 Site-Specific Conjugation. We are able to specify the attachment point of antigens, including polysaccharides, on protein carriers to ensure optimal exposure of B-cell and/or T-cell epitopes, thereby creating protein carriers designed to have enhanced potency. We believe this precise control of conjugation chemistry enables us to create broader-spectrum conjugate vaccine candidates using carrier-sparing conjugates that use less protein carrier without sacrificing immunogenicity. We are also able to design novel conjugate vaccine candidates using standard amounts of protein carrier to generate heightened immunogenicity. 

Production of Novel Protein Vaccines . We can design novel protein vaccine candidates based on well-appreciated but highly complex antigens that currently cannot be made with conventional technologies to address diseases for which there are no available vaccines, and we believe we may be able to leverage our platform to rapidly respond to new or emerging pathogens. We can design and produce these tough-to-make antigens that conform to the target pathogens, thereby increasing the likelihood that the vaccine will elicit a protective immune response. 

Speed, Flexibility and Scalability of the Discovery Engine. We are able to rapidly screen vaccine candidates and produce conjugates, thereby accelerating the process of making and testing vaccine candidates. Because cell viability is not required for cell-free protein synthesis, we can utilize a broader range of reaction conditions as we seek to optimize proteins. This flexibility enables us to develop novel vaccine candidates unachievable with current technologies. Furthermore, we believe our platform can scale linearly from discovery to commercial scale. 

Our Strategy 
 Our goal is to become a leader in the vaccines industry by using our cell-free protein synthesis platform to develop superior and/or novel vaccines to prevent or treat serious infectious diseases. Key elements of our strategy include: 
 Advance VAX-24 through clinical development and regulatory approval. Our lead vaccine candidate, VAX-24, targets the pneumococcal vaccine market. We expect to advance VAX-24 along a well-understood clinical development pathway in an effort to obtain regulatory approval in adults and infants based on successful completion of clinical studies using previously established surrogate immune endpoints, potentially without the need to conduct clinical field efficacy studies, consistent with how other conjugate vaccines have obtained approval. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we announced positive topline results from both the Phase 1 and Phase 2 portions of a clinical proof-of-concept study evaluating the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of VAX-24 in healthy adults aged 18-64. We have a separate Phase 2 study in approximately 200 healthy adults aged 65 and older for which we have completed enrollment, and we anticipate announcing topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity results from this study in the second quarter of 2023. We anticipate final results with the six-month safety data from both Phase 2 adult studies in the first half of 2023 and expect to hold regulatory interactions with the FDA to inform the Phase 3 program in the second half of 2023. We expect topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity data from the Phase 3 non-inferiority study in adults in 2025. The FDA has granted Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy designations for VAX-24 in adults. For our VAX-24 pediatric program, we announced in late February 2023 the FDA cleared the VAX-24 IND application for the prevention of IPD in infants. We plan to initiate the infant Phase 2 study in the second quarter of 2023, with topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity data following the primary three-dose immunization series 

4 

expected by 2025. The study design will include a primary immunization series consisting of three doses followed by a subsequent booster dose. 

Advance VAX-31 through IND-enabling activities, clinical development and regulatory approval. Our second PCV candidate, VAX-31, leverages our scalable and modular platform and builds on the technical proof of concept established by VAX-24 and is designed to expand the breadth of coverage to 31 strains without compromising immunogenicity due to carrier suppression. VAX-31 was designed to provide coverage for approximately 95 of IPD currently circulating in the U.S. adult population. We anticipate submitting an IND application to the FDA for VAX-31 in adults in the second half of 2023. We expect topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity data from a Phase 1/2 study in adults in 2024. 

Establish scalable production of VAX-24 and VAX-31. We believe high-quality and scalable manufacturing is critical to our long-term success. We have designed and developed a proprietary, scalable and portable manufacturing process that we have scaled to supply clinical volumes and believe can scale to supply initial commercial volumes of VAX-24 and VAX-31 needed to support commercial launch. For our VAX-24 program, we have completed the production of clinical trial materials for our Phase 1 and 2 studies in both adults and infants and are conducting scale-up activities to support potential regulatory approval and commercial launch. We have access to substantial manufacturing resources through our contract manufacturer, Lonza, that we believe can facilitate an independent path to market. For our next-generation VAX-31 program, for which we use the same components and core manufacturing processes established for VAX-24, we are currently conducting IND-enabling activities. 

Create a long-lasting PCV franchise by offering the broadest-spectrum PCV available. The two leading pneumococcal vaccine franchises to date, Prevnar and Pneumovax 23, or PPSV23, have generated over 100 billion in combined sales, have been on the market for over 40 years and 20 years, respectively, and can attribute their success to being the broadest-spectrum vaccines on the market. If approved, we believe VAX-24 may obtain an ACIP preferred recommendation and potentially replace both lesser-valent incumbents for pneumococcal disease prevention in both adult and pediatric populations because of its broader coverage. We designed VAX-24 to address the 24 pneumococcal strains covered by Prevnar and PPSV23 that drive most pneumococcal disease today with the durable, boostable immune response of a conjugate vaccine. Further, we have designed VAX-31 to address these 24 strains plus seven additional epidemiologically significant emerging strains expected to cause increasing pneumococcal disease and antibiotic resistance in the future. With these broad-spectrum vaccine candidates, we believe we are well-positioned to obtain an ACIP preferred recommendation and potentially replace the current standard of care for pneumococcal disease prevention in both adult and pediatric populations, thereby creating a long-lasting PCV franchise. 

Advance our novel vaccine candidates and leverage our platform to expand our pipeline. 

o Advance VAX-A1 through IND-enabling activities, clinical development and regulatory approval . VAX-A1 is designed to prevent Group A Strep, a pervasive disease that results in 700 million cases of illness each year and is one of the leading infectious disease-related causes of death and disability worldwide. Some of the most serious consequences of Group A Strep include flesh eating disease (necrotizing fasciitis) and invasive diseases such as sepsis and rheumatic heart disease. However, the majority of Group A Strep cases are pharyngitis, commonly known as strep throat. Pharyngitis is highly prevalent in school-age children and a significant source of antibiotic prescriptions, which further exacerbates the growing problem of antibiotic resistance globally. VAX-A1 is a conjugate vaccine candidate designed to confer broad protective immune responses against all subtypes of Group A Strep and be boostable to offer long-lasting protection from infection. We believe our data published in December 2020 demonstrated preclinical proof of concept for VAX-A1. We nominated the final vaccine candidate for VAX-A1 in the first quarter of 2021 and initiated IND-enabling activities in the second half of 2021. We 

5 

continue to advance the development of VAX-A1 and we intend to provide further information about the anticipated timing of an IND application as the program progresses. 

o Advance VAX-PG to final vaccine candidate nomination and IND-enabling activities, clinical development and regulatory approval. VAX-PG is our novel protein vaccine candidate which targets the keystone pathogen responsible for periodontitis, a chronic oral inflammatory disease affecting an estimated 65 million adults in the United States. Our initial goal is to develop a therapeutic vaccine to slow or stop disease progression; however, the results from clinical trials may inform the potential adoption of prophylactic immunization. We have established preclinical proof of concept for VAX-PG. We nominated a final vaccine candidate for VAX-PG in the fourth quarter of 2022 and we continue to progress the program. 

o Advance VAX-GI program research and development. VAX-GI is new vaccine program designed to prevent Shigella, a bacterial illness that affects an estimated 188 million people worldwide each year and results in approximately 164,000 deaths annually, mostly among children under five years of age in low- and middle-income settings. 

o Leverage our platform for other discovery stage programs. We are also able to leverage our platform as a discovery engine given our ability to uniquely create building blocks to construct potential novel conjugate and protein vaccine candidates, and we have other discovery-stage programs which leverage this platform. 

Continue to build a robust intellectual property portfolio. We have developed and are continuing to develop a comprehensive intellectual property portfolio related to vaccine applications, including manufacturing, formulation and process applications as well as protection for our specific vaccine candidates. We have rights to a robust portfolio of patents and patent applications related to the XpressCF platform through our exclusive license from Sutro Biopharma. We currently have one issued U.S. patent, as well as patents issued in Japan and Mexico, and multiple pending patent applications in the United States and internationally that cover vaccine formulations, protein-antigen conjugates, methods of making conjugate vaccines with various protein-antigen conjugates and other processes related to vaccine production, enhancements of immunogenicity and methods of use. 

6 

Our Pipeline 
 We have utilized our cell-free protein synthesis platform to generate a pipeline of vaccine candidates that we believe, if approved, may offer important advantages over existing vaccines or for which there are no vaccines available today. The following table summarizes our current pipeline: 

Global Vaccine Market (Excluding COVID-19 Vaccines) 
 The global vaccine market, excluding COVID-19 vaccines, was approximately 45 to 50 billion in 2022 and is expected to grow at an 10 CAGR to approximately 67 billion by 2026. The World Health Organization, or WHO, has reported that non-COVID vaccine revenues have grown at nearly twice the rate of therapeutic products over the last two decades. Conjugate vaccines, including PCVs, have historically represented the largest segment (approximately a third) of the global non-COVID vaccine market. The Prevnar franchise from Pfizer Inc., or Pfizer, comprised of Prevnar 13, or PCV13, and PCV20, was among the highest selling non-COVID vaccine products in the world in 2022, accounting for approximately 14 of global non-COVID vaccine sales. 
 The pediatric vaccine market is large and well-established in the United States and European Union and growing in emerging countries. The annual new birth cohort, which in the United States and Europe approached approximately 11 million in 2022, drives ongoing sales year after year. In the United States, once a new vaccine is approved by the FDA, the ACIP considers whether to recommend the use of the vaccine. New pediatric vaccines that receive a preferred recommendation from ACIP are nearly universally adopted by pediatricians and parents and are required by many schools, contributing to a national immunization rate for the diseases targeted by such vaccines of approximately 90 . 
 In addition, the adult vaccine market is currently undergoing rapid growth. Vaccination rates among adults have historically been lower and vary by disease, though strong initiatives are underway to increase awareness and utilization. Excluding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, studies estimate that 40,000 to 80,000 adults in the United States die annually of vaccine-preventable diseases, and hundreds of thousands more are hospitalized. In recent years, manufacturers have started developing more vaccines for the adult market, with Pfizer s PCV13 and PCV20, Merck Co., Inc.'s, or Merck, Vaxneuvance, or PCV15, and GSK plc's, or GSK, Shingrix each representing successful examples. The U.S. adult pneumococcal market generated annual sales of 
 7 

over 2 billion, and Shingrix, a vaccine for shingles (herpes zoster) debuted with over 1 billion in sales in 2018 as it replaced Merck s incumbent vaccine, Zostavax, after receiving an ACIP preferred recommendation, and generated over 2.5 billion in sales in 2020. 
 The complex development and production processes of vaccines create a high barrier to entry and long product lifecycles. In recent history, four multinational companies GSK, Merck, Pfizer and Sanofi have been responsible for developing and introducing most new vaccines to the world. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, there have been a number of new entrants into the vaccines market, including multinational companies such as Johnson Johnson, and emerging biopharmaceutical companies. 
 
 Pneumococcal Disease 
 Pneumococcal disease is an infection caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae (pneumococcus) bacteria. It can result in IPD, including meningitis and bacteremia, and non-invasive pneumococcal disease, including pneumonia, otitis media and sinusitis. The global incidence of pneumococcal disease is driven by emerging serotypes not covered by currently available vaccines. In the United States, approximately 320,000 people get pneumococcal pneumonia each year, which is estimated to result in approximately 150,000 hospitalizations and 5,000 deaths. Pneumococci also cause over 50 of all cases of bacterial meningitis in the United States. Antibiotics are used to treat pneumococcal disease, but some strains of the bacteria have developed resistance to treatments. The morbidity and mortality due to pneumococcal disease are highly significant, particularly for young children and older adults, underscoring the need for a more broad-spectrum vaccine. 
 Evolution of Pneumococcal Vaccines 
 There are currently two types of vaccines targeting pneumococcal disease polysaccharide-only vaccines and polysaccharide-conjugate vaccines. Polysaccharide vaccines contain polysaccharide antigens, which induce antibodies (B-cell responses) that bind to a bacteria s outer coating of polysaccharides and clear the bacteria. PCVs improve on polysaccharide vaccines by attaching, or conjugating, the polysaccharide antigen to a non-disease specific protein carrier. PCVs induce both an improved B-cell response and a T-cell response, resulting in a stronger and more durable immune response and longer-lasting protection, as compared to polysaccharide vaccines, which only induce a B-cell response. 
 Pneumococcal Polysaccharide-Only Vaccines 
 PPSV23, manufactured and marketed by Merck is the only pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine widely available. PPSV23 is indicated for the prevention of pneumococcal disease in adults and was first approved in the United States in 1977, at which time it contained 14 different strains of pneumococcal bacteria. In 1983, it was replaced by the current version containing 23 different strains. PPSV23 is routinely administered to adults to provide protection against bacteremia and generates sales of over 600 million per year. 
 Polysaccharide vaccines induce a B-cell response only and do not induce a T-cell dependent immune response. In the absence of immunological memory responses, the resulting antibody responses are transient and cannot be boosted. Without the ability to provide long-lasting durable immunity, polysaccharide vaccines are not effective in children below two years of age. In addition, the antibody responses primarily consist of immunoglobulin M, or IgM, antibodies that, due to their size, are restricted to blood and are unable to penetrate into lung tissue to protect against pneumonia. Therefore, polysaccharide vaccines such as PPSV23 are only thought to protect against blood-borne infections, such as bacteremia. Figure 1 below illustrates polysaccharide-induced T-cell independent antibody responses. 
 8 

Figure 1. 
 
 Graphics adapted from Strugnell et al, Understanding Modern Vaccines , Vol 1, Issue 1, 61-88. 
 
 Polysaccharide vaccines also interfere with optimal use of PCVs, as they create a hyporesponsive immune effect. In particular, absent T-cell inducement, polysaccharide vaccines actually clear the memory B-cells that are formed following primary immunization with a PCV, thereby eliminating the ability to boost with subsequent vaccination. This historically has been a significant drawback of vaccination in older adults, which consisted of the administration of a limited spectrum PCV followed by the administration of a polysaccharide vaccine. Despite these shortcomings, PPSV23 historically has been widely used primarily to provide protection against circulating strains not contained in the currently available PCV. The current standard of care, which consists of the administration of either PCV20 alone or PCV15 followed by the administration of PPSV23, in adults, or PCV13 or PCV15 in infants, continues to include the alternative of a polysaccharide vaccine. 
 Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccines 
 PCVs overcome the limitations of polysaccharide vaccines by conjugating the polysaccharide to a more immunogenic protein carrier containing T-cell epitopes. These T-cell epitopes provide CD4 + help, which is critical to the conversion of a traditional B-cell dependent immune response to a more robust combined B-cell and T-cell dependent immune response. The T-cell response causes immediate class switching of the B-cells from more rudimentary IgM antibodies prevalent with polysaccharide vaccines to more refined IgG antibodies. IgG antibodies are refined enough to penetrate into lung tissues to prevent pneumonia. Furthermore, as polysaccharide strands attach to multiple copies of the protein carrier, they create an inter-strand cross-linked matrix structure, which the immune system easily recognizes as foreign. The T-cell dependent immune response also generates memory B-cells that can be re-stimulated, creating a prime-boost immune response and enabling a more robust and durable immune response, enabling the use of PCVs in young children. Figure 2 below illustrates this immune response: 
 
 9 

Figure 2 . 

The first PCV, Prevnar, was a 7-valent vaccine that was launched in the United States in 2000. It included purified capsular polysaccharides of seven serotypes of S. pneumoniae (4, 6B, 9V, 14, 18C, 19F and 23F), each of which was individually conjugated to a T-cell-epitope-containing, nontoxic variant of diphtheria toxin known as CRM 197 to produce seven separate conjugates. To obtain approval, a large field efficacy study was conducted that demonstrated the vaccine s efficacy in infants. Efficacy correlated with serological immune endpoints, as measured by IgG titers (a measurement of concentration), and a seroconversion threshold (or reference antibody concentration) of protection was defined. Prevnar is credited with tremendous medical and commercial success, having dramatically reduced circulating disease in children. However, after a number of years of widespread use, IPD incidence caused by strains not contained in the vaccine started to opportunistically rise, a phenomenon called serotype replacement, which led to the need for a broader-spectrum version of the vaccine. 
 In the race to develop a broader-spectrum PCV than Prevnar, two vaccines were successfully developed: Synflorix, a 10-valent PCV from GSK, and PCV13, a 13-valent PCV from Wyeth (subsequently acquired by Pfizer). Based on its broader coverage of then-emerging strains, PCV13 was adopted as the standard of care in the United States and Europe. Synflorix continues to be used primarily in emerging countries. 
 PCV13 contains the seven serotypes originally included in Prevnar plus six more serotypes of S. pneumoniae (1, 3, 5, 6A, 7F and 19A) and was approved and launched in the United States in 2010. Each polysaccharide is conjugated to CRM 197 to produce 13 individual conjugates, which are mixed into a final vaccine formulation and then adsorbed to alum. In 2010, PCV13 obtained FDA approval for the prevention of IPD in infants based on non-inferior IgG antibody responses relative to Prevnar, using the surrogate immune endpoints established by the prior Prevnar field efficacy study. While PCV13 failed to achieve non-inferiority on two of the common seven strains relative to Prevnar, it was granted approval across all 13 strains. Upon receipt of the ACIP preferred recommendation, PCV13 replaced Prevnar in the infant market as the standard of care. This also created a catch-up population for those children previously vaccinated with Prevnar to provide protection against the incremental serotypes covered by PCV13. 
 PCV13 has also received accelerated approval for the prevention of IPD and pneumonia in adults in the United States based on non-inferior OPA responses as compared to PPSV23. To fulfill a post-marketing commitment, a large-scale field efficacy study of adults in the Netherlands was completed in 2013, which showed protection against community-acquired pneumonia and concordance between OPA and protection from community-acquired pneumonia. Thus, OPA was established as a validated surrogate immune endpoint in adults to support future regulatory approvals. PCV13 subsequently received an ACIP preferred recommendation for adults 65 years and older, and the standard of care was amended to first vaccinate with PCV13, and then after a waiting period, PPSV23. This dual vaccine regimen provides some protection against the circulating strains over and above PCV13 but we believe creates coverage gaps and patient compliance and convenience challenges. 
 10 

PCV13 quickly became the highest selling product in the global vaccine market. However, at the time of ACIP s recommendation in 2014, it was determined that the recommendation would be revisited in four years to evaluate the impact of PCV13 on pneumococcal disease burden in older adults. In June 2019, the ACIP downgraded its recommendation of PCV13 for older adults, given the lack of disease caused by the incorporated strains, and instead began directing physicians and patients to decide whether to vaccinate on a case-by-case basis while still recommending universal vaccination with PPSV23 due to its broader coverage. 
 In an effort to develop even broader-spectrum PCVs than PCV13, two vaccines were successfully developed for the adult population: PCV20, a 20-valent PCV from Pfizer, and PCV15, a 15-valent PCV from Merck. 
 PCV20 contains the 13 serotypes included in PCV13 plus seven more serotypes of S. pneumoniae (8, 10A, 11A, 12F, 15B, 22F and 33F) and was granted regulatory approval and launched in the United States in 2021 for the prevention of IPD in adults based on non-inferior OPA responses relative to PCV13 without the need for a field efficacy study. While PCV20 failed to achieve non-inferiority on serotype 8 relative to PPSV23, it was still granted approval across all 20 strains. 
 PCV15 contains the 13 serotypes included in PCV13 plus two more serotypes of S. pneumoniae (22F and 33F) and was granted regulatory approval and launched in the United States in 2021 for the prevention of IPD in adults based on non-inferior OPA responses relative to PCV13 without the need for a field efficacy study. 
 In October 2021, the ACIP voted to recommend universal vaccination for the use of either PCV20 alone or PCV15 with PPSV23 for routine use in adults aged 65 years and older as well as for those between the ages of 19 and 64 years with certain underlying medical conditions or other risk factors. In October 2022, the ACIP voted to recommend a dose of PCV20 for adults aged 65 years and older at least five years after the last pneumococcal vaccine dose for those who haven't previously received PCV20. 
 PCV15 was granted regulatory approval and launched in the United States in June 2022 for the prevention of IPD in infants. Pfizer has a Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, goal date of April 2023 for PCV20 in infants. 
 Drawbacks for Current PCVs 
 Routine immunization with PCVs has been effective in dramatically lowering the incidence of IPD in both adults and children in the United States and other industrialized nations. However, due to a phenomenon called serotype replacement, strains that are not covered by existing vaccines are increasing in prevalence. As published in 2020, over 71 of IPD incidence in 2017 for both children and adults was caused by strains beyond the 13 strains covered by PCV13. Efforts to improve upon current standard of care vaccines center around expanding the valency of PCVs to address the strains driving residual pneumococcal disease. However, limitations due to conventional conjugation chemistry and carrier suppression have complicated those efforts, and notwithstanding the recent approvals of PCV20 and PCV15, there remains a significant need for broader-spectrum PCVs, as evidenced by the fact that despite PCV20 s broader coverage, the combination of PCV15 and PPSV23 remains universally recommended in adults, as an alternative to PCV20 alone, given its broader-spectrum coverage. 
 While vaccination with current PCVs has been effective in dramatically lowering the incidence of IPD in both adults and children in the United States and other industrialized nations, current PCVs suffer from the following drawbacks. 
 Serotype Replacement 
 Current PCVs do not address circulating strains causing the majority of pneumococcal disease. Since its introduction, there has been a decrease in the incidence of disease attributable to the serotypes covered by PCV13 but an increase in incidence attributable to the incremental 11 strains that now cause most residual disease. Such change is driven by the void created when serotypes are taken out of circulation after widespread vaccination, which is a phenomenon known as serotype replacement. As a result of such change, broader-spectrum PCVs are required 
 11 

to maintain protection against historically pathogenic strains while expanding coverage to address current circulating and emerging strains. 
 To date, the most comprehensive pneumococcal disease surveillance has been conducted by the CDC in the United States and by the National Institute of Health and Care Excellence, in the United Kingdom. As shown in Figure 3, IPD cases in adults in the United States initially declined after the introduction of PCV13 but have since plateaued. As published in 2020, non-covered serotypes were responsible for over 71 of IPD incidence in 2017 for both children and adults. The rate of serotype replacement has been more pronounced in the United Kingdom. Figure 4 shows the approximate IPD incidence rates in the United Kingdom caused by the incremental 11 strains over and above those in PCV13, which increased over the last three years of surveillance. 

Figure 3. 
 
 Figure 4. 

US IPD Incidence in Adults > 65 1 
 
 UK IPD Incidence in Adults > 65 2 

1 US CDC Active Bacterial Core Surveillance Annual Reports 
 
 2 Ladhani et al, Lancet Infectious Disease, 2018 Apr.; 18(4):441-45 inclusive of unpublished raw data 

While these 11 strains are covered by PPSV23, that vaccine only protects against blood-borne infections and not pneumonia, leaving patients vulnerable to infection. Although PCV20 and PCV15 address more disease-causing strains than PCV13, we believe there remains a significant need for even broader-spectrum vaccines to address a greater number of currently circulating and emerging strains. 
 Carrier Suppression 
 Technical constraints inherent to conventional conjugation chemistry limit the coverage of current PCVs due to a phenomenon known as carrier suppression. In particular, traditional conjugation methods cannot control where conjugation of the polysaccharide occurs on the protein carrier. The protein carrier used in all versions of Prevnar is CRM 197 , a diphtheria toxin with a single point mutation rendering it non-toxic. The CRM 197 protein contains 39 lysines, approximately 20 of which border relevant T-cell epitopes. Conventional conjugation chemistry randomly attaches the polysaccharide to any of the numerous lysines located on the protein carrier. When a polysaccharide is covalently bound to a protein carrier at a lysine residue that is co-resident with a T-cell epitope, it blocks the presentation of the T-cell epitope to the immune system, thus preventing the induction of a T-cell response. The masking of these critical epitopes prevents the conversion to a T-cell dependent immune response and negates the benefit of the protein carrier. 
 Meanwhile, the B-cell epitopes of both the protein carrier and the antigen are presented to the immune system, causing B-cells to the respective immunogens to compete with one another for the T-cell help engendered by unblocked T-cell epitopes. This competition for T-cell help diminishes the immune response to the polysaccharide antigen of interest, resulting in carrier suppression. 
 The result of carrier suppression is a decrease in the targeted immune response to the disease-specific polysaccharides, which intensifies with higher cumulative amounts of protein carrier. This phenomenon impedes the 
 12 

ability to expand coverage of current PCVs and has been shown consistently when broader-spectrum versions of conventional PCVs have been compared to lesser-valent versions. When PCV13 was compared to Prevnar (Pfizer s first generation 7-valent PCV) in a well-controlled Phase 3 study in infants, the IgG antibody responses directed against the polysaccharides of interest for all seven of the common strains in each vaccine were lower for PCV13 (Figure 5). In 2020, Pfizer presented results of a well-controlled Phase 3 study in adults, aged 60 and over, where they compared PCV20 to PCV13. In that study, the OPA responses directed against the polysaccharides of interest for all thirteen of the common strains were lower for the 20-valent development candidate (Figure 6). In 2021, Pfizer presented results of a well-controlled Phase 2 in infants, where they compared PCV20 to PCV 13. In that study, the IgG Geometric Mean Concentrations, or GMCs, one month after the third dose were lower for all 13 of the common strains of the 20-valent development candidate (Figure 7). 

Figure 5. 
 
 Figure 6. 

Infant Immune Responses (IGG): Prevnar 7 vs PCV13 1 
 
 Adult Immune Responses (OPA): PCV13 VS PCV20 2 

Figure 7. 

1 Yeh et al, Pediatrics. 126:e493 (2010) . 
 2 PCV20 BLA Clinical Review Memorandum. STN: 125731/0 June 8, 2021. 
 3 Clintrials.gov NCT03512288 Phase 2 study (N=460), posted March 2, 2021. 
 
 Conventional Chemistry 
 The problem of carrier suppression is compounded by conventional conjugation chemistry used to make current PCVs, including PCV13, PCV20 and PCV15, which requires a higher amount of CRM 197 protein carrier than polysaccharide antigen to complete the conjugation reaction, as well as long reaction times and harsh conditions that can damage the critical epitopes on the polysaccharide antigens. This results in a higher ratio of protein carrier to polysaccharide antigen in their monovalent conjugates (approximately 1.1 on average), as well as a much higher amount of cumulative protein carrier in the final formulation compared to the amount of any given polysaccharide antigen. For example, in the marketed PCV13 formulation, there are 34 micrograms of the protein carrier, CRM 197 , relative to 2.2 micrograms of each polysaccharide (except serotype 6B at 4.4 micrograms), and in 
 13 

the marketed PCV20 formulation, there are 51 micrograms of CRM 197 relative to 2.2 micrograms of each polysaccharide (except serotype 6B at 4.4 micrograms). With substantially more protein carrier in the vaccine than polysaccharide antigen, the carrier suppression effect discussed above is exacerbated. 
 Our Solution 
 We are leveraging our cell-free protein synthesis platform to develop potentially superior conjugate vaccines for adult and pediatric indications. Our solution to the drawbacks with conventional conjugate vaccine techniques represents the first of three main applications of our platform. 
 Platform Application One: Creating Superior Conjugate Vaccines 
 Using our cell-free protein synthesis platform, we are developing superior, novel carrier-sparing PCVs designed to have broader-spectrum coverage in an effort to address current and future residual disease in ways that conventional technologies cannot. We are able to design our investigational PCVs using site-specific conjugation in an effort to ensure optimal exposure of targeted immunogenic T-cell epitopes on protein carriers. This enables us to create broader-spectrum conjugate vaccine candidates using carrier-sparing conjugates designed to minimize carrier suppression while maintaining protective immunogenicity. 
 Synthesizing proteins outside of a living host cell provides us greater freedom to design and produce specific proteins of interest under optimized conditions. We separate the precise cellular machinery required for transcription, translation and energy production the critical components for protein production into an Escherichia coli E. coli) -derived extract. We can then optimally express a single protein carrier by adding the plasmid-DNA encoding that protein into the extract mixture. 
 Site-Specific Conjugation 
 Within a protein carrier, we can substitute non-native amino acids, or nnAAs, for native amino acids at specific sites. These inserted nnAAs serve as conjugation anchors that permit the attachment of antigens, including polysaccharides, at a specific site on a protein carrier to ensure optimal exposure of B-cell and/or T-cell epitopes to induce the desired immune response. This precise site-specific linkage is not possible using conventional conjugation chemistry with conventional carrier proteins and affords an advantage to our conjugate vaccine candidates. Figure 8 below depicts our method of inserting nnAAs into a protein carrier, where the DNA sequence has been modified to permit nnAA incorporation into the protein at pre-selected sites using a nnAA-RNA permitting transcription and translation of the protein in the ribosome to yield the protein carrier with nnAAs site-specifically incorporated, facilitating site-specific conjugation. 
 Figure 8. 

Most conjugate vaccines available today use a non-disease-specific protein carrier, CRM 197 , in order to leverage T-cell epitopes to induce a T-cell dependent immune response. This traditional method produces a 
 14 

heterogeneous mixture of conjugates with blocked and unblocked T-cell epitopes in a large immunogenic cross-linked matrix structure. In contrast, the precision and flexibility of cell-free protein expression, together with our ability to insert nnAAs, allow us to construct our proprietary enhanced protein carrier, or eCRM, with pre-determined conjugation sites. Our method produces homogenous conjugates that provide for the consistent exposure of T-cell epitopes and likewise form a large, immunogenic cross-linked matrix structure. By precisely conjugating polysaccharides to eCRM in a way that provides for optimal exposure of T-cell epitopes to the immune system, we can heighten immunogenicity attainable with conjugate vaccines. 
 The figures below illustrate the site-specific conjugation process. Figure 9 shows site-specific conjugation of the polysaccharide to the protein carrier, avoiding the T-cell epitopes. Figure 10 shows the inter-strand cross-linked matrix, which is the structure of each monovalent conjugate included in the final vaccine. 

Figure 9. 
 Figure 10. 

Precise, Site-Specific Conjugation Sites on Proprietary eCRM Protein Carrier 
 Final VAX-24 Conjugates in Customary Matrix Form 

We believe consistent exposure of T-cell epitopes should translate to higher potency of the protein carrier on a weight-to-weight basis. To harness this potential potency advantage, we have elected to construct conjugates with a lower ratio of protein carrier to polysaccharide than conventional PCVs. We have observed in animal models that despite having approximately half as much protein on average in each monovalent conjugate, VAX-24 had comparable immunogenicity relative to PCV13 on a strain-by-strain basis. As a result, we believe we can incorporate more monovalent conjugates to create an even more broad-spectrum vaccine with less protein carrier per conjugate in order to minimize carrier suppression. 
 Better Chemistry 
 We also employ a rapid and less harsh chemistry method called copper-free click chemistry to site-specifically conjugate the polysaccharides to eCRM. We believe this distinctive technique is a better controlled, more efficient and faster method of conjugation relative to conventional chemistry used to make traditional PCVs. The click chemistry conjugation reaction is designed to cause less damage to the critical immunogenic epitopes on the protein carrier or the target antigen. 
 Our PCV Franchise 
 We are developing broad-spectrum investigational PCVs designed to minimize carrier suppression. 
 VAX-24 
 Our lead vaccine candidate, VAX-24, is designed to improve upon the standard of care by potentially covering an additional 10-28 percent of strains causing IPD in adults over the current standard-of-care PCVs. The 24 serotypes that comprise VAX-24 eclipse the coverage of all currently available conjugate and polysaccharide-only vaccines to prevent IPD. The 24 serotypes included in VAX-24 cover a significant portion of the IPD currently in circulation and are associated with high case-fatality rates, antibiotic resistance and meningitis. On October 24, 
 15 

2022, we announced positive topline results from both the Phase 1 and Phase 2 portions of a clinical proof-of-concept study evaluating the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of VAX-24 in healthy adults aged 18-64 . 
 VAX-24 includes 24 purified capsular polysaccharides of S. pneumoniae (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6A, 6B, 7F, 8, 9N, 9V, 10A, 11A, 12F, 14, 15B, 17F, 18C, 19A, 19F, 20, 22F, 23F and 33F), each of which is conjugated to eCRM to produce 24 monovalent conjugates. These conjugates are mixed into a final vaccine formulation and then adsorbed to alum. 
 As shown in Figure 11 below, there are critical differences between VAX-24 and other currently available PCVs relating to the protein carrier, particularly the use of site-specific conjugation and the milder reaction conditions. We achieve site-specific conjugation through the insertion of multiple nnAAs, which is not possible with the conventional chemistry used for making other PCVs. The click chemistry we use for site-specific conjugation may also minimize damage to the critical immunogenic epitopes on the protein carrier and the polysaccharides through milder and shorter reactions, while other PCVs use conventional chemistries that involve harsher and longer reaction conditions. 
 Figure 11. 

Furthermore, VAX-24 nearly doubles the serotype spectrum of coverage of PCV13, yet contains a similar aggregate amount of protein carrier. We believe the resulting decreased carrier burden per conjugate of VAX-24 is critical for minimizing carrier suppression and producing broader-spectrum pneumococcal vaccines without sacrificing immunogenicity. 
 
 Where appropriate, we capitalize on the efficiencies of well-established clinical, manufacturing and regulatory precedents by leveraging conventional methods for the development of VAX-24. For example, our polysaccharide antigens are primarily made using conventional fermentation and purification techniques and activated through conventional methods. They are also labeled through conventional amination methods prior to being conjugated to eCRM. In addition, we use the same critical quality attribute assays for molecular weight and free polysaccharide that have served as the physicochemical measures of conjugates and also serve as predictors of their immunogenicity in vivo. We also use conventional IgG and OPA serological assays to gauge the immunogenicity of our conjugates, which have served as surrogate immunological endpoints in clinical studies that enabled the approval of PCV13, PCV20 and PCV15. 
 We leveraged the same animal models that were utilized in the development of approved PCVs. In particular, our preclinical studies utilized a recognized rabbit model that Pfizer used in its development of Prevnar, PCV13 and PCV20, that Merck used in its development of PCV15 and that GSK used in its development of Synflorix. We believe the demonstration of conjugate-like immune responses in rabbits that results in killing of bacteria via OPA and induction of IgG antibody responses are key development milestones and are critical readouts for the development of PCVs. In our preclinical studies, the rabbit model showed consistent immunological responsiveness across all strains for which we tested our conjugates and differentiated conjugated versus 
 16 

unconjugated polysaccharide responses (i.e., T-cell dependent versus T-cell independent responses). The rabbit model also provided evidence regarding VAX-24 s potential to generate a booster response. 
 We are pursuing what to date has been a well-characterized clinical development path for VAX-24, consistent with other PCV developers. We anticipate that we will be able to conduct smaller and shorter clinical trials that target immune endpoints (e.g., OPA and IgG responses) previously recognized by regulatory authorities. Pfizer applied this approach to the development of PCV13 and PCV20 and Merck applied it to the development of PCV15. Based on this standard to date, as a prerequisite for regulatory approval, we believe that any investigational PCV will have to be compared to the standard of care at the time a clinical trial is initiated. Currently, the standard of care is either PCV20 alone or PCV15 followed by PPSV23 in adults and PCV13 or PCV15 in infants. 
 Preclinical Data 
 To obtain preclinical proof of concept on our way to the clinic, we evaluated VAX-24 compared to the then standard of care, PCV13, and assessed the comparative immune responses of VAX-24 using the same rabbit model utilized by other PCV developers. We dosed rabbits in our preclinical studies with 0.11mcg, as measured by the amount of polysaccharide in each conjugate, for each of the 24 conjugates in VAX-24, as well as 0.11mcg for the thirteen conjugates in PCV13 (except serotype 6B at 0.22mcg) and compared both PCVs immunogenically to each other and to PPSV23, where each of the 23 polysaccharides were dosed at 1.1mcg. The doses are representative of body weight differences in humans versus rabbits and roughly correspond to the dose differential between PCVs and polysaccharide-only vaccines. In humans, PCV13 is dosed at 2.2mcg per conjugate (except serotype 6B at 4.4mcg) or approximately one-tenth the dose of PPSV23, where each polysaccharide is dosed at 25mcg. The species of rabbits used were approximately five percent of the average weight of humans in North America, thus 0.11mcg approximates to the 2.2mcg dose for PCVs and the 1.1mcg dose approximates to the 25mcg dose for PPSV23. 
 We completed multiple preclinical proof-of-concept studies of VAX-24 compared to PCV13 and PPSV23 in rabbits. The endpoints of the studies were to measure, on a serotype-specific basis, IgG antibody responses, the surrogate endpoint for pediatrics, and OPA responses, the surrogate endpoint for adults. Initial proof of concept was obtained with research-grade raw materials and conjugates made at Vaxcyte prior to initiating technology transfer to Lonza and production scale-up. For subsequent preclinical studies, conjugates were made at Vaxcyte at small-scale using optimized processes and procedures using Lonza-produced raw materials, including our proprietary eCRM carrier and all 24 polysaccharides that had already been tech transferred and scaled up. In anticipation of clinical evaluation and potential commercial launch, we further scaled our manufacturing, completing a technology transfer of the optimized processes and procedures for the production of each of the 24 conjugates in VAX-24. The conjugates were then produced at Lonza at an over fifteen-fold scale increase to the prior scale at Vaxcyte. At each stage, all 24 of the conjugates in VAX-24 met the critical quality attributes and the combination vaccine was administered in the rabbit model. 
 In each of our preclinical studies, VAX-24 showed comparable or superior OPA responses at 1/10th the dose of PPSV23 and comparable OPA responses to an equivalent dose of PCV13 on a serotype-by-serotype basis. Additionally, VAX-24 showed superior IgG antibody responses at 1/10th the dose of PPSV23 and comparable IgG responses to an equivalent dose of PCV13 on a serotype-by-serotype basis. 
 VAX-24 Clinical Development Plan 
 To accelerate our time to market, we are pursuing clinical development first in the United States for adults and then in the pediatric population. We achieved clinical proof of concept in October 2022 when we announced positive topline results from a Phase 1/2 study evaluating the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of VAX-24 in healthy adults aged 18-64, and we continue to advance our adult clinical development program. For adults, the FDA has granted VAX-24 Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy designations which are designed to facilitate the development and expedite the review of drugs, including vaccines, that treat or prevent serious conditions and fill an unmet medical need. For the pediatric population, we announced in late February 2023 the FDA cleared the VAX-24 IND application for the prevention of IPD in infants. We plan to initiate the infant Phase 2 study in the second quarter of 2023, with topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity data following the primary 
 17 

three-dose immunization series expected by 2025. The study design will include a primary immunization series consisting of three doses followed by a subsequent booster dose. 
 Adult Indication 
 We are using OPA titers as the primary immunogenicity endpoint for the VAX-24 program in adults. OPA is believed to be the primary protective mechanism against pneumococcal disease. In addition, we are measuring IgG responses as a secondary endpoint, as such responses may serve as supportive evidence of immunogenicity for comparison. We currently believe that these endpoints, if met in a Phase 3 trial, will be sufficient to obtain regulatory approval of VAX-24 and do not anticipate the need for a clinical field efficacy trial. However, we have not yet obtained feedback from the FDA regarding our pivotal Phase 3 clinical development plans or the acceptability of our approach. 
 The FDA has previously approved pneumococcal vaccines upon the establishment of non-inferiority based on a head-to-head comparison using established surrogate immune endpoints in the target population. For adults, PCV13 was approved based on the establishment of non-inferiority of OPA responses relative to PPSV23, on a strain-by-strain basis, where non-inferiority was defined as greater than or equal to 0.50 of the lower limit of the two-sided 95 confidence interval of the OPA geometric mean titer ratio. PCV20 and PCV15 were approved based on the same non-inferiority criterion but compared with PCV13 and PPSV23. 
 Phase 1/2 Clinical Proof-of-Concept Study in Adults Aged 18 to 64 
 Our first-in-human study was a randomized, observer-blind, dose-finding, controlled Phase 1/2 clinical proof-of-concept study designed to evaluate the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of VAX-24 in healthy adults. The Phase 1 portion of the study evaluated the safety and tolerability of a single injection of VAX-24 at three dose levels, 1.1mcg, 2.2mcg and 2.2mcg/4.4mcg, and compared to PCV20 in 64 healthy adults aged 18 to 49. Participants were randomized equally in four separate arms and were evaluated for safety 8 and 29 days after dosing. The Phase 2 portion evaluated the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of a single injection of VAX-24 at the same three dose levels and compared to a single injection of PCV20 in 771 healthy adults 50 to 64 years of age. Participants were randomized equally in four separate arms and approximately 28 days after participants were dosed, samples were collected to assess immunogenicity. The immunogenicity objectives of the Phase 2 portion of the study included an assessment of the induction of antibody responses, using OPA and IgG, at each of the three VAX-24 doses and compared to PCV20, and for the additional four serotypes contained in VAX-24 (and PPSV23), but not in PCV20, the percentage of subjects that experienced a four-fold rise in antibody titers. Participants in the study are evaluated for safety through six months after vaccination. 
 Figure 12 is a schematic of the overall study design of our Phase 1/2 study: 
 Figure 12. 
 
 On October 24, 2022, we announced positive topline results from both the Phase 1 and Phase 2 portions of the study. 
 18 

In this study, VAX-24 met the primary safety and tolerability objectives, demonstrating a safety profile similar to PCV20 for all doses studied. Frequently reported local and systemic reactions were generally mild-to-moderate, resolving within several days of vaccination, with no difference observed across the cohorts. No serious adverse events or new onset chronic illnesses were considered to be related to study vaccines. 
 Figure 13. 

In this study, VAX-24 demonstrated robust OPA and IgG immune responses for all 24 serotypes at all doses studied (1.1mcg, 2.2mcg, 2.2mcg/4.4mcg). At the conventional 2.2mcg dose, which we intend to move forward into a Phase 3 program, VAX-24 met or exceeded the established regulatory immunogenicity standards for all 24 serotypes. At this dose, VAX-24 met the standard OPA response non-inferiority criteria for all 20 serotypes common with PCV20, of which 16 serotypes (3, 4, 6B, 7F, 8, 9V, 10A, 11A, 12F, 14, 15B, 18C, 19A, 19F, 23F and 33F) achieved higher immune responses and four serotypes (9V, 18C, 19F and 33F) reached statistical significance. Additionally, at all three doses, VAX-24 met the standard superiority criteria for all four serotypes (2, 9N, 17F and 20B) unique to VAX-24. VAX-24 has the potential to cover an additional 10-28 percent of strains causing IPD in adults over the current standard-of-care PCVs. 
 Figure 14. 

19 

Figure 15. 
 
 Based on the results of this study, the FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy designation for VAX-24 in adults. The FDA s Breakthrough Therapy process is designed to expedite the development and review of drugs that are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening condition. The designation is based upon preliminary clinical evidence indicating that the drug or vaccine may demonstrate substantial improvement over available therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. With Breakthrough Therapy designation, we will have access to all of the elements of the FDA s Fast Track program, as well as the ability to receive guidance and support from the FDA on an efficient drug development program and an organizational commitment from senior managers within the FDA. 
 Phase 2 Clinical Study in Adults 65 and Older 
 To add to the body of data in adults, we are conducting a separate Phase 2 study for which we have completed enrollment. This study is a randomized, observer-blind, dose-finding, controlled Phase 2 study designed to evaluate the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of a single injection of VAX-24 at the same three dose levels evaluated in the Phase 1/2 study, 1.1mcg, 2.2mcg and 2.2mcg/4.4mcg, in approximately 200 healthy adults aged 65 and older. Participants were randomized equally in four separate arms and approximately 28 days after participants were dosed, samples were collected to assess immunogenicity. The immunogenicity objectives of the study include an assessment of the induction of antibody responses, using OPA and IgG, at each of the three VAX-24 doses and compared to PCV20, and for the additional four serotypes contained in VAX-24 (and PPSV23), but not in PCV20, the percentage of subjects that experience a four-fold rise in antibody titers. This study was designed to inform the powering of a Phase 3 study and was not powered to demonstrate non-inferiority. We anticipate announcing topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity results from this study in the second quarter of 2023. Participants in the study also are evaluated for safety through six months after vaccination. 

20 

Figure 16. 
 
 Adult Program Next Steps 
 We anticipate final results with the six-month safety data from both Phase 2 adult studies in the first half of 2023 and to hold regulatory interactions with the FDA to inform the Phase 3 program in the second half of 2023. The purposes of the VAX-24 Phase 3 program in the adult population will be to demonstrate non-inferiority to PCV20 for immunogenicity, generate a sufficient safety database in adults and establish consistency of manufacturing through a lot-to-lot consistency study. The Phase 3 non-inferiority results would then be used to seek approval of VAX-24 in the adult population. This approach is similar to the approaches utilized by Pfizer to develop PCV20 and Merck to develop PCV15, where the immunogenicity of the investigational PCVs was compared to PCV13, which was the standard of care at that time. We expect topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity data from the Phase 3 non-inferiority study of VAX-24 in adults in 2025. 
 Based on Pfizer s experience with PCV13, we believe that VAX-24, if approved, would have the potential to serve as a catch-up or booster for those who have previously received PPSV23 or a lower-valent PCV. We believe a study exploring serial vaccination with PCV20 and/or PPSV23 followed by VAX-24 at different intervals could generate valuable data supporting a recommendation for VAX-24 vaccination in previously vaccinated adults. 
 Pediatric Indication 
 We are also developing VAX-24 as a pediatric vaccine. In August 2022, we announced successful completion of a pre-IND meeting with the FDA regarding our pediatric clinical program for VAX-24. We received positive written feedback from the FDA supporting the initiation of a pediatric study that proceeds directly into infants contingent on satisfactory topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity results from the VAX-24 Phase 1/2 clinical proof-of-concept study in adults 18 to 64 years of age, which we have since demonstrated. This approach provides us with an accelerated clinical path to deliver a potentially best-in-class PCV, VAX-24, to the pediatric population, which represents the largest portion of the pneumococcal vaccine market in the United States. We announced in late February 2023 the FDA cleared the VAX-24 IND application for the prevention of IPD in infants. We plan to initiate the infant Phase 2 study in the second quarter of 2023. 
 21 

The Phase 2, randomized, observer-blind, dose-finding two-stage clinical study will evaluate the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of VAX-24 at three dose levels (low dose/1.1mcg, middle dose/2.2mcg, mixed dose/2.2mcg or 4.4mcg) and compared to PCV15 in healthy infants. The Stage 1 portion of the study will evaluate the safety and tolerability of a single injection of VAX-24 at three dose levels compared to PCV15 in approximately 48 infants in a dose-escalation approach. The Stage 2 portion will evaluate the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of VAX-24 at three dose levels and compared to PCV15 in approximately 750 infants. In line with recommendations from the ACIP, the study design includes a primary immunization series consisting of three doses given at two months, four months and six months of age, followed by a subsequent booster dose at 12-15 months of age. The key prespecified immunogenicity study endpoints include an assessment of immune responses for all three VAX-24 doses and compared to PCV15 on the shared serotypes measured at 30 days post-dose three, or PD3, and post-dose four, or PD4. Immune responses will be assessed based on anti-pneumococcal polysaccharide serotype-specific IgG responses (proportion of participants achieving the accepted IgG threshold value of 0.35mcg/ml) at 30 days PD3 and IgG geometric mean titer ratios at 30 days PD4. All participants in the study will be evaluated for safety through six months following the booster dose. We expect topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity data following the primary three-dose immunization series expected by 2025. 
 Figure 17. 
 
 If dose-finding is performed in infants, the data would inform on the dose levels for each of the conjugates in the final VAX-24 infant formulation. Consistent with the approval processes for PCV13 and PCV15 in infants, we do not anticipate that a clinical field efficacy trial will be required for VAX-24 in the pediatric population. We expect the clinical development of VAX-24 to follow the same approach utilized for PCV13 and PCV15, where vaccine effectiveness against IPD was inferred from immunologic correlates. In contrast to the adult population, VAX-24 approval in the pediatric population is expected to be based on a non-inferiority comparisons of IgG responses to PCV15, the current standard of care in infants. However, we have not yet obtained feedback from the FDA regarding our clinical development plans or the acceptability of our approach. 
 If our Phase 2 trials are completed successfully, we expect to conduct pivotal Phase 3 trials in the pediatric population that focus on evaluating non-inferiority to PCV15 for immunogenicity and seroconversion or antibody concentration threshold; assessing U.S. routine vaccination responses following concomitant administration with VAX-24; and generating a sufficient safety database in infants. The Phase 3 non-inferiority results would then be used to seek approval of VAX-24 in the pediatric population. This approach is similar to the approach utilized to develop PCV13, where the immunogenicity of PCV13 was compared to the original 7-valent Prevnar product, which was the standard of care at the time, as well as PCV15 which was compared to PCV13. 
 VAX-31 (formerly VAX-XP) 
 VAX-31 is a franchise extension of VAX-24 that, if approved, would expand strain coverage to 31 strains and demonstrate the scalable and modular nature of conjugate vaccines we can develop. VAX-31 includes all of the strains contained in VAX-24 plus incremental strains that were selected based on the epidemiological evidence demonstrating their role in circulating IPD and is designed to protect against these emerging strains and to help address antibiotic resistance. The serotypes in VAX-31 cover approximately 95 of the circulating IPD in the United States adult population. 
 22 

We have completed multiple preclinical proof-of-concept studies for VAX-31 in rabbit models compared to PCV13, as well as more than 30 polysaccharides adsorbed onto alum. IgG responses in rabbits were superior to polysaccharide alone plus alum and comparable with PCV13 in the common 13 strains. We completed the process of transferring and scaling the conjugation processes at Lonza for each of the incremental conjugates contained in VAX-31 over and above those contained in VAX-24. The data shown below in Figure 18 was generated using those conjugates produced at larger scale at Lonza and confirm that the eCRM and polysaccharide raw materials and the conjugation processes for each of the conjugates in VAX-31 demonstrate immunogenicity comparable to PCV13 and superior to polysaccharide alone, consistent with prior lots of VAX-31. 
 Figure 18. 

Platform Application Two: Novel Conjugate Vaccine Opportunities 
 We are also developing novel conjugate vaccine candidates for other diseases for which there are no existing vaccines. By leveraging our platform, we have been able to generate novel protein carriers with site-specific incorporation of nnAAs designed to provide optimal exposure of both B-cell and T-cell epitopes on the carrier. Using these novel protein carriers, we can produce highly stable conjugate vaccine candidates through site-specific conjugation of antigens, including polysaccharides. Functionally, one significant advantage of using carriers may be the additional protective immunity that the protein itself can provide beyond the conjugated antigen itself. 
 Group A Strep Disease Background and Market Opportunity 
 Streptococcus pyogenes S. pyogenes or Group A Strep) bacteria cause a wide spectrum of both acute and chronic clinical conditions that lead to considerable disease burden globally. Group A Strep results in 700 million cases of illness each year and is one of the leading infectious disease-related causes of death and disability worldwide. An estimated 500,000 deaths globally result from Group A Strep, which is in line with the impact seen from the Measles, Rotavirus and Pertussis. The annual mortality and loss of productivity costs in the United States attributable to Invasive Group A Strep disease and related acute respiratory infections exceed 6 billion, excluding the impact of significant antibiotic use on individuals and contribution to antimicrobial resistance. Among older adults 65 years) in the United States, rates of invasive disease and deaths caused by Group A Strep have more than doubled over the last decade. Some of the most serious consequences of Group A Strep include flesh eating disease (necrotizing fasciitis) and invasive diseases such as sepsis and rheumatic heart disease (RHD). Approximately 40 million people are currently affected by RHD worldwide. Importantly, the majority of Group A Strep infections lead to pharyngitis, commonly known as strep throat, which is highly prevalent in school-age children. In the United States, an estimated 17 of outpatient antibiotic prescriptions dispensed to children aged 3 to 9 years are for the treatment of suspected Group A Strep infections. Studies have indicated that antibiotic resistance to Group A Strep has significantly increased over the past decade, leading the CDC to categorize Group A Strep as a 
 23 

concerning threat. Additionally, the development of vaccines against Group A Strep has become a priority for the WHO amid recognition of the rising disease incidence globally, as well as the need to combat avoidable antibiotic consumption. 
 It has been established that the repeated natural infection of children with Group A Strep results in immune responses that are protective against subsequent Group A Strep infection. We believe this observation justifies the development of a rationally designed vaccine for Group A Strep that is focused on conserved antigens expressed by all strains of the bacteria. 
 VAX-A1 
 We have developed a conjugate vaccine candidate, VAX-A1, designed to confer broad protection against subtypes of Group A Strep by virtue of polyrhamnose, a conserved polysaccharide, conjugated to Group A Strep specific immunogenic protein carrier using our site-specific conjugation technology. The resulting conjugate is designed to ensure optimal exposure of both the B-cell and T-cell epitopes on the protein carrier to confer robust, boostable and durable protective immune responses. We believe this single conjugate could potentially cover all Group A Strep strains. The vaccine is a combination of this novel protein-polysaccharide conjugate along with two additional conserved surface proteins. 
 Our initial preclinical proof-of-concept study was published in the journal Infectious Microbes Diseases in December 2020. In the study, a novel protein and polysaccharide conjugate of the Group A Strep polysaccharide was constructed for inclusion in a universal subunit vaccine against infections by the pathogen. The VAX-A1 vaccine candidate, based on SpyAD-conjugated to a modified polyrhamnose backbone (lacking N-acetyl glucosamine) and including SLO and C5a peptidase, demonstrated protection from subcutaneous and systemic challenge in mice, antibody binding and opsonophagocytic killing for multiple Group A Strep M Protein Gene, or emm, types and no evidence of cross-reactivity to human heart and brain tissue antigens (Figure 19), which is a key leading indicator of vaccine safety. The study was carried out in collaboration with researchers at the Division of Host-Microbe Systems and Therapeutics, Department of Pediatrics, University of California School of Medicine and the Skaggs School of Pharmacy and Pharmaceutical Sciences at the University of California, San Diego. 
 Figure 19. 

Our VAX-A1 vaccine development program currently is funded in part by a grant obtained from CARB-X, a global non-profit partnership dedicated to accelerating antibacterial innovation to tackle the rising global threat of drug-resistant bacteria. The award committed initial funding of up to 1.6 million. In July 2020, the initial funding amount was amended from 1.6 million to 2.7 million and, if options to extend are exercised by CARB-X, up to 15.1 million in total funding available upon achievement of development milestones through Phase 1 human clinical trials. In April 2021, we received approval for the next phase of CARB-X development and executed the cost-reimbursement sub-award agreement with the Trustees of Boston University in August 2021. Pursuant to the agreement, the award committed additional funding of 3.2 million for IND-enabling activities and total potential funding of up to 29.7 million (including 6.6 million awarded funding to date) upon the achievement of future VAX-A1 development milestones. In January 2022, CARB-X revised the parameters for the contribution 
 24 

of CARB-X funding and implemented maximum funding levels for all grant recipients. As a result, our total funding available upon achievement of development milestones through Phase 1 human clinical trials was revised from 29.7 million to 14.6 million. 
 
 We nominated the final vaccine candidate for our VAX-A1 program in the first quarter of 2021 and initiated IND-enabling activities in the second half of 2021. We continue to advance the development of VAX-A1 and we intend to provide further information about the anticipated timing of an IND application as the program progresses. Upon completion of the preclinical development program and IND-enabling activities for VAX-A1, we intend to conduct a multi-center, randomized, placebo-controlled Phase 1/2 study in adults. The primary objectives of the initial clinical trial will be to evaluate safety and tolerability. Secondary exploratory endpoints will be to measure IgG immune response to the vaccine antigens and to evaluate the ability of the antibodies produced in response to vaccination to inhibit and prevent infections caused by Group A Strep. 
 Platform Application Three: Protein Vaccine Opportunities 
 We believe we can also develop novel protein vaccine candidates constructed using tough-to-make protein antigens uniquely able to be expressed using the platform. In particular, the lack of a cellular membrane in our platform allows for the exogenous addition of components to manipulate transcription, translation and folding by modification of reaction conditions. Furthermore, removal of the typical restriction to maintain cell viability also creates unique avenues for optimizing and promoting protein production for antigens that might be cytotoxic to a cell-based system or require non-physiological conditions for optimal protein folding. Thus, utilizing these advantages, we believe we can express and purify important protein targets to generate unique candidates that are beyond the scope of traditional production systems. Our therapeutic periodontitis vaccine candidate is the first example of a tough-to-make protein-based vaccine. 
 Periodontitis Disease Background and Market Opportunity 
 Periodontal disease is a highly complex, chronic oral inflammatory disease that leads to the destruction of the soft and hard tissues supporting the teeth. The subgingival niche (below the gum margin of teeth) is populated by a diverse polymicrobial plaque. It is increasingly understood that the shift from periodontal health to disease is associated with changes in the microbial composition of the subgingival plaque, including activities of bacteria such as Porphyromonas gingivalis (P. gingivalis). The development of precise approaches to control this keystone pathogen, such as a vaccine, could then positively impact the periodontal disease burden. 
 Those with periodontitis also have an increased risk for heart attack, stroke and other serious cardiovascular events. In addition to gum and tooth disease, periodontal inflammation and infection with P. gingivalis have been linked to atherosclerotic heart disease mediated by P. gingivalis residing in atherosclerotic plaque. While we are focused on the treatment of periodontal disease with this vaccine candidate, if P. gingivalis is found to be causative in other chronic disorders, our vaccine candidate could potentially be a highly effective treatment and allow disease intervention at a much earlier stage of the disease. For example, recent research has suggested the potential for a link between P. gingivalis and Alzheimer s disease. 
 Neither the natural host immune response nor currently available treatments are curative for periodontal disease. Existing treatment includes highly aggressive and invasive procedures, including scaling and root planing and surgical intervention, coupled with antibiotic use. Despite these types of aggressive treatments, diseased sites frequently progress, leading to tooth loss. Thus, the development of an effective vaccine for periodontitis would be highly desirable. 
 Periodontitis is a highly prevalent disease impacting > 40 of US adults above the age of 30, and with similar rates globally. Periodontal disease caused an estimated loss of 330.6 billion in the United States and Europe in 2018, with the direct costs alone exceeding 6 billion. The indirect costs are multiples of the direct costs as a result of high rates of edentulism (loss of teeth) and increased risk of many other diseases mentioned above. 
 25 

VAX-PG 
 We are developing a novel protein vaccine candidate, VAX-PG, targeting P. gingivalis that incorporates protein antigens that we believe are uniquely enabled with our technology. Our initial goal is to develop a therapeutic vaccine to slow or stop disease progression; however, the results from clinical trials may inform the potential adoption of prophylactic immunization. 
 VAX-PG, which includes cell-free produced P. gingivalis virulence factors, including gingipains, were tested in a preclinical model that mimics periodontal disease. The results, which we believe generally demonstrate preclinical proof of concept for a periodontitis protein vaccine, were published in the Journal of Clinical Periodontology in February 2019. The vaccine elicited protein-specific IgG response following immunization and protected mice from P. gingivalis-elicited oral bone loss. Shown in Figure 20 is the objective bone loss of VAX-PG with alum, Monophospholipid A, or no adjuvant. Immunization with all formulations of VAX-PG provided significant protection against oral bone loss compared to the no vaccine oral challenged control group (p 
 Figure 20. 
 
 ABC = alveolar bone crest 
 CEJ = cement-enamel junction 
 
 26 

Shown below in Figure 21 are pictures of representative mouse jaws from the experiment. As can be seen, the vaccinated mice had considerably less bone loss than the unvaccinated and challenged control animals. 
 Figure 21. 

We nominated a final vaccine candidate for our VAX-PG program in the fourth quarter of 2022. Upon completion of the preclinical development program and IND-enabling activities for VAX-PG, we intend to conduct a multi-center, randomized, placebo-controlled Phase 1/2 study in adults with mild to moderate chronic periodontal disease. The primary objectives of the initial clinical trial will be to evaluate safety and tolerability. Secondary exploratory endpoints will be to measure IgG immune response to the vaccine antigens and to evaluate the ability of the antibodies produced in response to vaccination to inhibit the formation of the poly-microbial biofilm, which is characteristic of periodontal disease. 
 VAX-GI 
 
 We announced that we have added VAX-GI, designed to prevent Shigellosis, to our pipeline. Shigella is a bacterial illness that causes dysentery with symptoms including bloody diarrhea, fever, and stomach cramps. Currently there are no prophylactics and treatment is primarily oral rehydration therapy, with antibiotics (mainly ciprofloxacin and azithromycin) used to shorten the duration of infection. However, the growing incidence of antibiotic resistance has complicated this approach with an increasing rate of extensively drug resistant (XDR). Shigella affects an estimated 188 million people worldwide each year and results in approximately 164,000 deaths annually, mostly among children under five years of age in low- and middle-income settings. Further, in young children Shigella can cause to malnutrition and induce or exacerbate stunting, leading to a long-term impact on both physical and cognitive development. This has resulted in the WHO including Shigella vaccine development as a priority goal. 
 
 Manufacturing and Supply 
 We have designed and developed a proprietary, scalable and portable manufacturing process for VAX-24 and VAX-31 that we believe can scale to address clinical and commercial vaccine supply needed to serve both adult and pediatric populations. 
 27 

VAX-24 and VAX-31 Process 
 The manufacturing process for our VAX-24 and VAX-31 vaccine candidates consists of four key components: (i) our proprietary eCRM protein carrier; (ii) the 24 or 31 pneumococcal polysaccharides; (iii) the 24 or 31 conjugate drug substances and (iv) the mixture of these 24 or 31 drug substances into the final drug product. 
 eCRM 
 Our proprietary eCRM protein carrier is produced using our cell-free protein synthesis platform, which is exclusively licensed from Sutro Biopharma for the Vaccine Field (as defined in the Sutro Biopharma License Agreement (as defined below)). eCRM, contains multiple copies of non-native para azido-methyl-phenylalanine, or pAMF, amino acid. The pAMF amino acids have a specific structure that enables eCRM to participate in the site-specific click chemistry conjugation reaction with activated pneumococcal polysaccharides. 
 The cell-free reaction is performed in a manner analogous to traditional fermentation but without the cells. The first step in the production of eCRM is the manufacture of critical raw materials, namely E. coli extracts and lysates that contain the cellular machinery required for in vitro DNA transcription and translation. The eCRM protein is then manufactured by combining these E. coli extracts and lysates with classic media components such as amino acids, minerals and salts, with the in vitro reaction driven by the addition of plasmid DNA coding for the eCRM protein s amino acid sequence. This cell-free reaction takes place in a standard fermenter, followed by standard protein purification chromatographic and filtration processes. The manufacturing process has consistently yielded a product of the desired quality. 
 Pneumococcal Polysaccharides 
 Each of the 24 or 31 pneumococcal polysaccharides is individually isolated from S. pneumoniae bacterial strains. Each individual S. pneumoniae strain is cultured in a bioreactor using an improved single standardized fed-batch bioreactor process and a single standardized downstream purification process. Overall, this standardized upstream and downstream process is simple and streamlined, thereby reducing manufacturing cost of goods and providing an efficient path of progression for the program from process characterization and validation through to commercialization, if our vaccine candidates are approved. 
 Conjugate Drug Substances 
 Each of the 24 or 31 conjugate drug substances is manufactured individually, as monovalent conjugates, by conjugating each of the 24 or 31 activated pneumococcal polysaccharide strains, one at a time, to the eCRM carrier protein. 
 Click chemistry provides for a conjugation reaction that is quick, consistent and high-yielding, and which we optimized to be largely standardized across the various polysaccharides. Through statistical design of experiment, or DoE, studies, we have gained a significant understanding of which variables to adjust to maximize product quality and, accordingly, immunogenicity in rabbit models. 
 Drug Product 
 All 24 or 31 conjugate drug substances are mixed, formulated with appropriate excipients and adsorbed onto alum. Clinical doses are filled in vials and stored refrigerated. 
 28 

Key Achievements and Status 
 For VAX-24, we have completed the manufacturing, testing and release of all 24 drug substance conjugates and the final drug product for the Phase 1/2 and Phase 2 studies in adults and the Phase 2 study in infants. We are now progressing to Phase 3 clinical manufacturing and commercial supply activities. 
 For VAX-31, we have completed the manufacturing, testing and release of all 31 drug substance conjugates for the Phase 1/2 and Phase 2 studies in adults, and must complete the manufacturing, testing and release of the final drug product prior to initiation of these studies and contingent on the submission and acceptance of an IND filing. 
 We currently do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities, but our strategic partnerships with Lonza and other contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, provide us with access to substantial resources to facilitate an independent supply path to the market. We have entered into agreements with Lonza, a leading global contract manufacturer with deep domain expertise and experience in large and small-scale production of clinical, as well as commercial-stage products, to secure capacity, technical expertise and resources to support the production of eCRM, polysaccharides and drug substance for our VAX-24 Phase 3 program and VAX-31 Phase 1/2 and Phase 2 studies in adults. We believe we can satisfy the expected initial eCRM, polysaccharide and drug substance supply requirements following a potential launch of VAX-24 in adults using the existing facilities at Lonza; however, we would need to secure additional capacity at a new facility or facilities to satisfy the expected eCRM, polysaccharide and drug substance production requirements to support expected increased commercial quantities upon the potential approval and launch of VAX-24 in infants and to expand into other markets outside of the United States. We have relationships with other leading CMOs for the production of the final drug product for VAX-24 and VAX-31, for the extract and lysates that we use to manufacture eCRM and for certain raw materials. We have an agreement with Sutro Biopharma pursuant to which Sutro Biopharma supplies us with extract and custom reagents for use in manufacturing preclinical and certain clinical supply of vaccine compositions. In December 2019, we exercised our right to require Sutro Biopharma to establish a second supplier for extract and custom reagents to support future clinical and commercial needs. In December 2022, we entered into a separate agreement with Sutro Biopharma pursuant to which we enhanced our rights with the second supplier of extract and acquired an option to access expanded rights to develop and manufacture extract, among other rights. 
 
 Lonza Agreements 
 In October 2016, we entered into a non-exclusive development and manufacturing services agreement, as amended, with Lonza, or the 2016 Lonza DMSA, pursuant to which Lonza is obligated to perform manufacturing process development and the manufacture of components for VAX-24, including the polysaccharide antigens, our proprietary eCRM protein carrier and conjugated drug substances. 
 In June 2018, we entered into a letter agreement with Lonza, or the Lonza Letter Agreement, pursuant to which we agreed to certain terms for potential future payments in shares of our common stock as partial satisfaction of future obligations to Lonza. The Lonza Letter Agreement states that the initial pre-IND cash payments under the 2016 Lonza DMSA would be subject to a specified dollar cap, or the Initial Cash Cap. After the Initial Cash Cap has been reached, we would have the option to make any further pre-IND payments owed to Lonza in cash, in shares of our common stock at then market prevailing prices, or a combination of both, at our election. In April 2021, we reached the Initial Cash Cap and notified Lonza that we would be exercising our option to issue approximately 10.0 million in shares of our common stock as payment for a portion of pre-IND payments due April 30, 2021. In June 2021, we issued 399,680 shares of our common stock to Lonza at a price of 25.02 per share to pay for 10.0 million of the pre-IND payments due April 30, 2021. 
 29 

In October 2018, we entered into a second non-exclusive development and manufacturing services agreement with Lonza, or the 2018 Lonza DMSA, pursuant to which Lonza is obligated to perform services including manufacturing process development and the manufacture and supply of VAX-24 finished drug product. 
 In April 2022, we entered into a third non-exclusive development and manufacturing services agreement with Lonza, as amended, or the 2022 Lonza DMSA, effective as of March 22, 2022. Pursuant to the 2022 Lonza DMSA, Lonza will perform manufacturing process development and clinical manufacture and supply of our proprietary PCV. 
 Under each of the 2016 Lonza DMSA, 2018 Lonza DMSA and 2022 Lonza DMSA, collectively the Lonza Agreements, we will pay Lonza agreed-upon fees for its performance of development and manufacturing services and pass through expenses incurred by Lonza for raw materials, as well as customary procurement and handling fees. Under each Lonza Agreement, we will own all right, title and interest in and to any and all New Customer Intellectual Property (as defined in each Lonza Agreement), and Lonza shall own all right, title and interest in New General Application Intellectual Property (as defined in each Lonza Agreement). Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Lonza Agreements, Lonza granted us a non-exclusive, world-wide, fully paid-up, irrevocable, transferable license, including the right to grant sublicenses, under the New General Application Intellectual Property (as defined in each Lonza Agreement), to research, develop, make, have made, use, sell and import the Product (as defined in each Lonza Agreement) manufactured under each Lonza Agreement. 
 Unless earlier terminated, each Lonza Agreement will remain in place for a period of five years and includes customary conditions for termination prior to that period. The 2016 Lonza DMSA has been amended to extend its term until March 31, 2023. 
 
 Sutro Biopharma Agreements 
 Sutro Biopharma is a clinical stage, publicly traded drug discovery, development and manufacturing company using precise protein engineering and rational design (enabled by Sutro Biopharma s proprietary XpressCF platform technology) to advance next-generation oncology therapeutics. Following our corporate formation, we acquired an exclusive license to Sutro Biopharma s proprietary cell-free protein synthesis platform, XpressCF, for the discovery, development and sale of vaccines for the treatment or prevention of infectious diseases, excluding cancer vaccines. Under a related supply agreement with Sutro Biopharma, we have an exclusive relationship in our field to buy extract and certain custom reagents for use in manufacturing the vaccine compositions covered by the exclusive license, which we use to produce our protein carriers and certain of our antigens. Under a separate agreement with Sutro Biopharma, we enhanced our rights with respect to access to a second supplier of extract and acquired an option to access expanded rights to develop and manufacture extract, among other rights. 
 Amended and Restated License Agreement with Sutro Biopharma 
 We are party to a license agreement with Sutro Biopharma, or the Sutro Biopharma License Agreement, on August 1, 2014. The Sutro Biopharma License Agreement was amended on October 12, 2015 and again on May 9, 2018 and May 29, 2018. Under the Sutro Biopharma License Agreement, we received an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-bearing, sublicensable license under Sutro Biopharma s patents and know-how relating to cell-free expression of proteins to (i) research, develop, use, sell, offer for sale, export, import and otherwise exploit specified vaccine compositions, such rights being sublicensable, for the treatment or prophylaxis of infectious diseases, excluding cancer vaccines, and (ii) manufacture, or have manufactured by an approved contract manufacturing organization, such vaccine compositions from extracts supplied by Sutro Biopharma pursuant to the Sutro Biopharma Supply Agreement (as described below). We are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize the vaccine compositions. In consideration of the rights granted under the Sutro Biopharma License Agreement, we are obligated to pay Sutro Biopharma a 4 royalty on worldwide aggregate annual net sales of our vaccine products for human health and a 2 royalty on such net sales of vaccine products for animal health. Such royalty rates are subject to specified reductions, including standard reductions for third-party payments and for expiration of relevant patent claims. We are also obligated to pay Sutro Biopharma any royalties due to Stanford University (the upstream licensor of Sutro Biopharma), to the extent the royalties payable by Sutro Biopharma to Stanford University are greater than the royalties payable by us to Sutro 
 30 

Biopharma. Royalties are payable on a vaccine composition-by-vaccine composition and country-by-country basis until the later of expiration of the last valid claim in the licensed patents covering such vaccine composition in such country and ten years after the first commercial sale of such vaccine composition. The latest expiration date of a licensed Sutro Biopharma patent application, if issued, would be 2036, subject to any adjustment or extension of patent term that may be available in a particular country. In addition, we are obligated to pay Sutro Biopharma a percentage of net sublicensing revenue received in the low teen percentages. In addition, in the event we sublicense our non-manufacturing rights under the Sutro Biopharma License Agreement before a specified date, we are obligated to pay Sutro Biopharma a percentage, in the low double-digits, of the sublicensing revenue we receive under such agreement. 
 The Sutro Biopharma License Agreement will remain in effect until terminated. The agreement may be terminated by either party for the other party s material breach uncured within 60 days notice, by us at will with 60 days notice, or by Sutro Biopharma if we challenge Sutro Biopharma s patents or if we undergo a change of control with a specified competitor of Sutro Biopharma. 
 Supply Agreement with Sutro Biopharma 
 In May 2018, we entered into a supply agreement, or the Sutro Biopharma Supply Agreement, with Sutro Biopharma pursuant to which we purchase from Sutro Biopharma extract and custom reagents for use in manufacturing non-clinical and certain clinical supply of vaccine compositions utilizing the technology licensed under the Sutro Biopharma License at prices not to exceed a specified percentage above Sutro Biopharma s fully burdened manufacturing cost. If any extracts or custom reagents do not meet the specifications and warranties provided, then we will not have an obligation to pay for the non-conforming product, and Sutro Biopharma will be obligated to replace the non-conforming product within the shortest possible time with conforming product at our cost. The term of the Sutro Biopharma Supply Agreement is from execution until the later of July 31, 2022 and the date the parties enter into and commence activities under the supply agreement unless extended through a subsequent supply agreement for the supply of extract and custom reagents for vaccine compositions for Phase 3 and commercial uses as contemplated in the Sutro Biopharma Supply Agreement. 
 The Sutro Biopharma Supply Agreement may be terminated by either party for the other party s material breach uncured within 60 days notice, by us at will with 60 days notice, or by mutual agreement of the parties. In December 2019, we exercised our right to require Sutro Biopharma to establish a second supplier for extract and custom reagents to support our anticipated clinical and commercial needs. 
 Option Agreement with Sutro Biopharma 
 In December 2022, we entered into an option grant agreement with Sutro Biopharma, or the Option Agreement. Pursuant to the Option Agreement, we acquired from Sutro Biopharma (i) authorization to enter into an agreement with an independent alternate CMO to directly source Sutro Biopharma s cell-free extract, allowing us to have direct oversight over financial and operational aspects of the relationship with the CMO; and (ii) a right, but not an obligation, to obtain certain exclusive rights to internally manufacture and/or source extract from certain CMOs and the right to independently develop and make improvements to extract (including the right to make improvements to the extract manufacturing process as well as cell lines) for use in connection with the exploitation of certain vaccine compositions, or the Option. We and Sutro Biopharma have agreed to negotiate the terms and conditions of a form definitive agreement to be entered into in the event we exercise the Option, which shall include the terms and conditions set forth in an executed term sheet between us, or the Term Sheet, and such terms that are necessary to give effect to each of the terms and conditions set forth in the Term Sheet, or the Form Definitive Agreement. The Option period is five years from the date of the Option Agreement, subject to potential acceleration in the event we undergo a change of control. 
 As consideration for the Option and other rights and authorizations granted to us under the Option Agreement, we agreed to pay Sutro Biopharma upfront consideration of 22.5 million, consisting of (i) 10.0 
 31 

million in cash and 7.5 million worth of shares of our common stock (the number of shares to be calculated based on the arithmetic average of the daily volume weighted average price of our common stock as traded on Nasdaq in the three consecutive trading days immediately prior to the issuance thereof), and (ii) 5.0 million payable within five business days after we and Sutro Biopharma mutually agree in writing upon the Form Definitive Agreement. The 167,780 shares of common stock issued was recorded at fair value of 8.0 million on the date of settlement, December 22, 2022. In the event that we elect to exercise the Option, we would pay Sutro Biopharma an aggregate Option exercise price of 75.0 million in cash in two installments and, upon the occurrence of certain regulatory milestones, certain additional milestone payments totaling up to 60.0 million in cash. In the event that we undergo a change of control, certain rights and payments may be accelerated. 
 University of California, San Diego License Agreement 
 We are party to a license agreement with the University of California, San Diego, or the UCSD License, dated February 2019 whereby we are the exclusive licensee of an issued U.S. patent and pending U.S. patent application related to a non-cross-reactive Group A Strep carbohydrate antigen and methods of producing the antigen. We licensed this technology for the development of our Group A Strep vaccine candidate. 
 Upon execution of the UCSD License, we made an upfront payment of 10,000, and each year during the term we are obligated to pay an annual license maintenance fee in the single digit thousands. We are also obligated to pay UCSD up to approximately 1 million in development and regulatory milestone payments for each licensed product under the agreement. Additionally, we are obligated to pay UCSD a fixed royalty on net sales of licensed products in the low single digits. Such royalty rate is subject standard reductions for third-party payments. Royalties are payable until expiration of the last licensed patent. Additionally, in the event we sublicense commercial rights under the UCSD License, we are obligated to pay UCSD a percentage of all sublicensing revenue received, excluding any earned royalties or reimbursements of research and development expenses, of 20 up to a maximum of 2.5 million. 
 We are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to diligently develop, manufacture and sell licensed products and to achieve specified research and clinical development milestone events. If we are unable to meet our diligence obligations and do not agree with UCSD to modify such obligations or do not cure such obligations, then UCSD may terminate the license or convert the license to non-exclusive. 
 The UCSD License will remain in effect until the expiration of the last licensed patent. The UCSD patent and patent application, if issued, would expire in 2032, subject to any adjustment or extension of patent term that may be available in the United States. The UCSD License may be terminated by us at will with 90 days notice or by UCSD for our breach uncured within 90 days notice or if we challenge the licensed patents. 
 Other Partners 
 In addition to those listed above, we seek to partner with various academic, governmental and public or private research institutions as needed to advance the discovery or development of our vaccine candidates. 

32 

Competition 
 In recent history, the global vaccine market has been highly concentrated among a small number of multinational pharmaceutical companies. Pfizer, Merck, GSK and Sanofi have been responsible for developing and introducing most new vaccines to the world. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, there have been a number of new entrants to the vaccines market, including multinational companies such as Johnson Johnson, and emerging biopharmaceutical companies. Other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions are also working towards new solutions given the continuing global unmet medical need. 
 Within the current pneumococcal vaccine market, Pfizer, Merck and GSK have historically dominated, with Pfizer s PCV13 and PCV20, Merck s PPSV23 and PCV15 and GSK s Synflorix totaling a combined 7.4 billion in global pneumococcal vaccine sales in 2022 (approximately 85 , 10 and 5 , of such sales for these three products, respectively). While PCV13 covers fewer pneumococcal strains than PPSV23, it delivers a T-cell dependent immune response leading to a stronger and more durable immune response than PPSV23. 
 Existing vaccine makers, as well as new entrants, are competing to develop the next generation of pneumococcal vaccines. For use in adults, Pfizer's PCV20 was approved by the FDA in June 2021 and Merck's PCV15 was approved in July 2021. As a result of these approvals, the current standard of care in adults consists of the administration of either PCV20 alone or PCV15 followed by the administration of PPSV23. For use in infants, Merck s PCV15 was approved by the FDA in June 2022. Based on this approval, the current standard of care in infants is PCV13 or PCV15. Pfizer has a PDUFA goal date of April 2023 for PCV20 in infants. 
 In August 2022, Pfizer announced topline results from its U.S. Phase 3 study in infants evaluating PCV20 for the prevention of IPD, and in January 2023, the FDA accepted for priority review a supplemental Biologics License Application for PCV20 for the prevention of IPD in infants and children. Merck announced in April 2022 that V116, the company s investigational 21-valent PCV for adults, received Breakthrough Therapy designation from the FDA, and later announced that it enrolled the first patient in their Phase 3 clinical trial. In June 2022, Merck presented positive results from its Phase 1/2 study evaluating V116 in pneumococcal vaccine-na ve adults 18-49 years of age (Phase 1) and 50 years of age and older (Phase 2). Also in June 2022, Merck announced that the CDC's ACIP unanimously voted to provisionally recommend use of Merck's PCV15 as an option for pneumococcal vaccination in infants and children and in September 2022, Merck announced it received a positive CHMP Opinion for PCV15 in infants and children. Sanofi and SK Chemicals have partnered to develop a 21-valent PCV, and GSK, which recently acquired Affinivax, is developing an affinity-bound pneumococcal vaccine that includes 24 pneumococcal serotypes. GSK also has a 30-plus valent pneumococcal candidate vaccine in preclinical development. We believe success will ultimately be based on the combination of immunogenicity, boostability and the broadest coverage of serotypes, as well as safety and tolerability. Convenience and pricing may also be factors. Other vaccines in development may obtain FDA approval and commercially launch before VAX-24. However, if approved, we believe VAX-24 may obtain an ACIP preferred recommendation and potentially replace both incumbents for pneumococcal disease prevention in both adult and pediatric populations because of its broader coverage should compare favorably to these PCV candidates as a 24-valent alternative, based on our unique site-specific conjugation and carrier-sparing technology. We also believe VAX-31 has the potential to compete favorably in the PCV market based on its further expanded spectrum. 
 The competitive landscape for vaccine development for Group A Strep was dormant for more than three decades. However, the FDA lifted a 30-year ban on Group A Strep vaccine clinical trials in 2005, and research has slowly started to resurface in academic institutions. However, we are not aware of other Group A Strep vaccines in clinical development that would cover all strains of the bacteria. Additionally, we are not aware of any other vaccines under clinical development to treat periodontitis. We believe the success of our vaccine candidates in these areas will be based on potential efficacy, safety, tolerability, convenience and pricing. We are aware of some companies developing treatments for other diseases that target the same underlying pathogens that cause Group A Strep and periodontitis. 
 Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize vaccines that are safer, more effective, more convenient, less expensive or with a more favorable label than VAX-24, VAX-31 or any other vaccine we may develop. Many of the companies against which we 
 33 

compete have significantly greater financial resources, and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved drugs than we do. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We have developed, and are continuing to develop, a comprehensive intellectual property portfolio related to vaccine applications, including manufacturing, formulation and process applications as well as protection for our specific vaccine candidates. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our vaccine candidates, technology and know-how, to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. Our policy is to seek to protect our proprietary position by, among other methods, pursuing and obtaining patent protection in the United States and in jurisdictions outside of the United States related to our proprietary technology, inventions, improvements and vaccine candidates that are important to the development and implementation of our business. Our patent portfolio is intended to cover our vaccine candidates and components thereof, their methods of use and processes for their manufacture and any other inventions that are commercially important to our business. We may also rely on trademarks, trade secrets and know-how to develop and maintain our proprietary position. 
 Generally, issued patents are granted a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed non-provisional filing date. In certain instances, patent term can be adjusted to recapture a portion of delay by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, in examining the patent application or extended to account for term effectively lost as a result of the FDA regulatory review period, or both. In addition, we cannot provide any assurance that any patents will be issued from our pending or future applications or that any issued patents will adequately protect our vaccine candidates. 
 Our patent portfolio as of February 27, 2023 contains one issued U.S. patent, one issued Japanese patent, one issued Mexican patent, seven pending U.S. patent applications and three pending patent cooperation treaty applications that are solely owned by us, as well as certain foreign counterparts of a subset of these patent applications in foreign countries, including Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, India, Israel, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Mexico, New Zealand, the Philippines, Singapore, South Africa and countries within the European Patent Convention and the Eurasian Patent Organization. For our pneumococcal vaccines, these applications are directed to vaccine formulations, protein-antigen conjugates, methods of making protein-antigen conjugates and other processes related to vaccine production, and the promotion of immunogenicity using the protein-antigen conjugates and vaccines. For our Group A Strep vaccine, these patent applications are directed to vaccine formulations, protein-antigen conjugates, vaccines and components thereof, as well as processes for their manufacture. For our periodontitis vaccine, the patent and applications relate to vaccine formulations, protein antigens, and methods of using the vaccine. If issued, the 20-year term expiration dates of our patents will expire between 2037 and 2042, not including any extension of the patent term that may be available in certain jurisdictions. We continue to seek to maximize the scope of our patent protection for all our programs. 
 In addition to patents, we also rely upon trademarks, trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We maintain and are seeking both registered and common law trademarks. Common law trademark protection typically continues where and for as long as the mark is used. Registered trademarks continue in each country for as long as the trademark is registered. We believe that we have certain know-how and trade secrets relating to our technology and vaccine candidates. We rely on trade secrets to protect certain aspects of our technology related to our current and future vaccine candidates. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary information, including trade secrets, in part, by using confidentiality agreements with our commercial partners, collaborators, employees and consultants, and invention assignment agreements with our employees. We also have confidentiality agreements or invention assignment agreements with our commercial partners and selected consultants. These agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining the physical security of our premises and physical and 
 34 

electronic security of our information technology systems. To the extent that our commercial partners, collaborators, employees and consultants use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. 
 Obtaining patents does not guarantee our right to practice the patented technology or commercialize the patented product. Third parties may have or obtain rights to patents that could be used to prevent or attempt to prevent us from commercializing our vaccine candidates. If third parties prepare and file patent applications in the United States or other jurisdictions that also claim technology to which we have rights, we may have to participate in interference or derivation proceedings in the USPTO or similar proceedings in other jurisdictions to determine the priority of invention. 
 Coverage and Reimbursement 
 Sales of our products in the United States will depend, in part, on the extent to which the costs of the products are covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs, commercial insurance and managed health care organizations. The process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a pharmaceutical or biological product is typically separate from the process for setting the price of such a product or for establishing the reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the product once coverage is approved. As a result, a third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for a pharmaceutical or biological product does not imply that the reimbursement rate will be adequate. Certain Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively, ACA, marketplace and other private payor plans are required to include coverage for certain preventative services, including vaccinations recommended by the ACIP without cost share obligations (i.e., co-payments, deductibles or co-insurance) for plan members. Children through 18 years of age without other health insurance coverage may be eligible to receive such vaccinations free-of-charge through the CDC s Vaccines for Children program, or VCF. For Medicare beneficiaries, vaccines may be covered under either the Part B program or Part D depending on several criteria, including the type of vaccine and the beneficiary s coverage eligibility. If our vaccine candidates, once approved, are covered only under the Part D program, physicians may be less willing to use our products because of the claims adjudication costs and time related to the claims adjudication process and collection of co-payments associated with the Part D program. 
 Further, no uniform policy for coverage and reimbursement exists in the United States, and coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payor to payor. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates, but also have their own methods and approval process apart from Medicare determinations. As such, one third-party payor s decision to cover a particular medical product or service does not ensure that other payors will also provide coverage for the medical product or service or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. Further, coverage policies and third party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products that receives regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 Government Regulation 
 Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, safety, effectiveness, manufacture, quality control, approval, post-approval monitoring and reporting, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, marketing and export and import of products such as those we are developing. A new biological product must be licensed by the FDA through the approval of a BLA, before it may be legally marketed in the United States. 
 In the United States, pharmaceutical products are regulated by the FDA under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other laws, including, in the case of biologics, the Public Health Service Act, or PHS Act. 
 Failure to comply with FDA requirements, both before and after product approval, may subject us or our partners, contract manufacturers and suppliers to administrative or judicial sanctions, including FDA refusal to 
 35 

approve applications, warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, fines and/or criminal prosecution. 
 The steps required before a biologic may be approved for marketing of an indication in the United States generally include: 
 completion of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies, formulation studies conducted in accordance with good laboratory practices and other applicable regulations; 

submission to the FDA of an IND application, which must be active before human clinical trial commencement; 

approval by an institutional review board, or IRB, or ethics committee at each clinical site before a clinical trial is commenced; 

completion of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with good clinical practice, or GCP, requirements to establish that the biological product is safe, pure and potent, which is analogous to the safety and efficacy approval standard for a chemical drug product for its intended use; 

preparation and submission to the FDA of a BLA for marketing approval that includes substantive evidence of safety, purity and potency from results of nonclinical testing and clinical trials; 

a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of a BLA to file the application for review; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the product is produced to assess compliance with applicable current good manufacturing practices, or cGMPs, to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the products identify, strength, quality and purity; 

potential FDA audit of the nonclinical and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the BLA; and 

FDA review of the BLA and issuance of a biologics license, which is the approval necessary to market a vaccine. 

Before conducting studies in humans, laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as animal studies to assess the potential safety and efficacy of the biologic candidate, must be conducted. Preclinical toxicology studies in animals must be conducted in compliance with FDA regulations. 
 The results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, known as CMC, and analytical data, are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND application. Some preclinical testing may continue even after the IND application is submitted. In addition to including the results of the preclinical testing, the IND application will also include a protocol detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated if the first phase or phases of the clinical trial lend themselves to an efficacy determination. The IND application will automatically become effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA unless the FDA within the 30-day time period places the IND application on clinical hold because of safety concerns about the vaccine candidate or the conduct of the trial described in the clinical protocol included in the IND application. The IND application sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before clinical trials can begin. Submission of an IND application therefore may or may not result in FDA authorization to begin a clinical trial. 
 All clinical trials for new drugs and biologics must be conducted under the supervision of one or more qualified principal investigators in accordance with GCPs, which include the requirement that all research subjects 
 36 

provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial. They must be conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the applicable phase of the trial, dosing procedures, research subject selection, exclusion criteria and the safety and effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND application, and progress reports detailing the status of the clinical trials must be submitted to the FDA annually. Sponsors must also report to the FDA within specified timeframes, serious and unexpected adverse reactions, any clinically significant increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator s brochure or any findings from other studies or animal or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk in humans exposed to the vaccine candidate. An IRB at each institution participating in the clinical trial must review and approve the protocol before a clinical trial commences at that institution, approve the information regarding the trial and the consent form that must be provided to each research subject or the subject s legal representative and monitor the trial until completed. 
 Clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap, and different trials may be initiated with the same vaccine candidate within the same phase of development in similar or differing patient populations. 
 Phase 1: Clinical trials may be conducted in a limited number of patients or healthy volunteers, as appropriate. The vaccine candidate is initially tested for safety and immunogenicity. 

Phase 2 : The vaccine candidate is evaluated in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance, optimal dosage and dosing schedule. 

Phase 3 : Clinical trials are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy, potency and safety in an expanded patient population at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. 

In some cases, the FDA may require, or companies may voluntarily pursue, additional clinical trials after a product is approved to gain more information about the product. These so-called Phase 4 studies may also be made a condition to approval of the BLA. These clinical trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication, particularly for long-term safety follow-up. 
 During all phases of clinical development, regulatory agencies require extensive monitoring and auditing of all clinical activities, clinical data and clinical trial investigators. Annual progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted to the FDA. Written IND application safety reports must be promptly submitted to the FDA and the investigators for serious and unexpected adverse events, any findings from other studies, tests in laboratory animals or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk for human subjects or any clinically relevant increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. The sponsor must submit an IND application safety report within 15 calendar days after the sponsor determines that the information qualifies for reporting. The sponsor also must notify the FDA of any unexpected fatal or life-threatening suspected adverse reaction within seven calendar days after the sponsor s initial receipt of the information. Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor or its data safety monitoring board may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the biological product has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. 
 Assuming successful completion of all required testing in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements, the results of the preclinical studies and clinical trials, together with other detailed information, including information on the manufacture and composition of the vaccine candidate, are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA requesting approval to market the vaccine candidate for a proposed indication or indications. The BLA must include all relevant data available from preclinical and clinical trials, including negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings, together with detailed information relating to the product s CMC and proposed 
 37 

labeling, among other things. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, the fees payable to the FDA for reviewing a BLA, as well as annual program user fees for approved products, can be substantial but are subject to certain limited deferrals, waivers and reductions that may be available. Additionally, no user fees are assessed on BLAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless the product also includes a non-orphan indication. Each BLA submitted to the FDA for approval is reviewed for administrative completeness and reviewability within 60 days following receipt by the FDA of the application. If the BLA is found complete, the FDA will file the BLA, triggering a full review of the application. The FDA may refuse to file any BLA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable at the time of submission. The FDA s established goal is to review 90 of priority BLAs within six months after the application is accepted for filing and 90 of standard BLAs within 10 months of the acceptance date, whereupon a review decision is to be made. Priority review will direct overall attention and resources to the evaluation of applications for products that, if approved, would be significant improvements in the safety or effectiveness of the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of serious conditions. In both standard and priority reviews, the review process is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA reviews a BLA to determine, among other things, whether a product is safe, pure and potent and the facility in which it is manufactured, processed, packed or held meets standards designed to assure the product s continued safety, purity and potency. The FDA may also convene an advisory committee to provide clinical insight on application review questions. The FDA is not bound by recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations when making decisions regarding approval. 
 Before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. If the FDA determines that the application, manufacturing process or manufacturing facilities are not acceptable, it will outline the deficiencies in the submission and often will request additional testing or information. Notwithstanding the submission of any requested additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria for approval. 
 After the FDA evaluates a BLA and conducts inspections of manufacturing facilities where the investigational product and/or its drug substance will be produced, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A Complete Response Letter will describe all of the deficiencies that the FDA has identified in the BLA, except that where the FDA determines that the data supporting the application are inadequate to support approval, the FDA may issue the Complete Response Letter without first conducting required inspections, testing submitted product lots and/or reviewing proposed labeling. In issuing the Complete Response Letter, the FDA may recommend actions that the applicant might take to place the BLA in condition for approval, including requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA may delay or refuse approval of a BLA if applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied, require additional testing or information and/or require post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of a product. 
 If a product is approved, the approval may impose limitations on the uses for which the product may be marketed, may require that warning statements be included in the product labeling, may require that additional studies be conducted following approval as a condition of the approval and may impose restrictions and conditions on product distribution, prescribing or dispensing in the form of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, or otherwise limit the scope of any approval. A REMS is a safety strategy to manage a known or potential serious risk associated with a medicine and to enable patients to have continued access to such medicines by managing their safe use, and could include medication guides, physician communication plans or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. The FDA also may condition approval on, among other things, changes to proposed labeling or the development of adequate controls and specifications. In most cases, the FDA must approve a BLA supplement or a new BLA before a product may be marketed for other uses or before specific manufacturing or other changes may be made to the approved product. As a condition of approval, the FDA may also require one or more Phase 4 post-market studies and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s safety and effectiveness after commercialization, and may limit further marketing of the product based on the results of these post-marketing studies. Also, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or if safety or manufacturing problems 
 38 

occur following initial marketing. In addition, new government requirements may be established that could delay or prevent regulatory approval of our vaccine candidates under development. 
 Both before and after the FDA approves a product, the manufacturer and the holder or holders of the BLA for the product are subject to comprehensive regulatory oversight. For example, quality control and manufacturing procedures must conform, on an ongoing basis, to cGMP requirements, and the FDA periodically inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMPs. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to spend time, money and effort to maintain cGMP compliance. 
 Post-Approval Requirements 
 Any drug products manufactured or distributed by us or our partners pursuant to FDA approvals will be subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse experiences with the drug, providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy information, distribution requirements, complying with individual electronic records and signature requirements and complying with FDA promotion and advertising requirements. Once approval is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, specific manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are subject to further FDA review and approval. Biologic manufacturers, their subcontractors and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP regulations and other laws and regulations. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and, depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting requirements upon us and any third-party manufacturers that we may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMP and other aspects of regulatory compliance. 
 Discovery of previously unknown problems, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or the failure to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements may result in restrictions on the marketing of a product or withdrawal of the product from the market as well as possible civil or criminal sanctions. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant or manufacturer to administrative or judicial civil or criminal sanctions and adverse publicity. FDA sanctions could include refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal or suspension of an approval or license, clinical holds, warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors, debarment, restitution, disgorgement of profits, consent decrees or civil or criminal penalties. 
 The FDA strictly regulates labeling, advertising, promotion and other types of information on products that are placed on the market and imposes requirements and restrictions on drug manufacturers, such as those related to direct-to-consumer advertising, the prohibition on promoting products for uses or inpatient populations that are not described in the product s approved labeling (known as off-label use ), industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in, among other things, adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising and potential civil and criminal penalties. Physicians may prescribe legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those tested by us and approved by the FDA. Such off-label uses are common across medical specialties. Physicians may believe that such off-label uses are the best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments. The FDA does, however, restrict the manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. 
 39 

Additional Controls for Biologics 
 To help reduce the increased risk of the introduction of adventitious agents, the PHS Act emphasizes the importance of manufacturing controls for products whose attributes cannot be precisely defined. The PHS Act also provides authority to the FDA to immediately suspend licenses in situations where there exists a danger to public health, to prepare or procure products in the event of shortages and critical public health needs, and to authorize the creation and enforcement of regulations to prevent the introduction or spread of communicable diseases in the United States and between states. 
 After a BLA is approved, the product will also be subject to official lot release as a condition of approval. As part of the manufacturing process, the manufacturer is required to perform specific tests on each lot of the product before it is released for distribution. If the product is subject to an official release by the FDA, the manufacturer submits samples of each lot of product to the FDA together with a release protocol showing a summary of the history of the manufacture of the lot and the results of all the manufacturer s tests performed on the lot. The FDA may also perform specific confirmatory tests on lots of some products, such as vaccines, before releasing the lots for distribution by the manufacturer. In addition, the FDA conducts laboratory research related to the regulatory standards on the safety, purity, potency and effectiveness of biological products. As with drugs, after approval of biologics, manufacturers must address any safety issues that arise, are subject to recalls or a halt in manufacturing and are subject to periodic inspection after approval. 
 Expedited Development and Review Programs 
 A sponsor may seek approval of its vaccine candidate under programs designed to accelerate the FDA s review and approval of new drugs and biological products that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new drugs and biological products are eligible for fast track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. For a fast track product, the FDA may consider sections of the BLA for review on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the application, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the application and determines that the schedule is acceptable and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the application. A fast track designated vaccine candidate may also qualify for priority review, under which the FDA sets the target date for FDA action on the BLA at six months after the FDA accepts the application for filing. Priority review is granted when there is evidence that the proposed product would be a significant improvement in the safety or effectiveness of the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a serious disease or condition. If criteria are not met for priority review, the application is subject to the standard FDA review period of 10 months after FDA accepts the application for filing. Priority review designation does not change the scientific/medical standard for approval or the quality of evidence necessary to support approval. 
 Under the accelerated approval program, the FDA may approve a BLA on the basis of either a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. Post-marketing studies or completion of ongoing studies after marketing approval are generally required to verify the biologic s clinical benefit in relationship to the surrogate endpoint or ultimate outcome in relationship to the clinical benefit. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. FDA may withdraw approval of a drug or indication approved under accelerated approval if, for example, the confirmatory trial fails to verify the predicted clinical benefit of the product. 
 In addition, a sponsor may seek FDA designation of its vaccine candidate as a breakthrough therapy if the vaccine candidate is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the therapy may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. If the FDA designates a product as a breakthrough therapy, it may take actions appropriate to expedite the development and review of the application, which may include holding meetings with the sponsor and the review team throughout 
 40 

the development of the therapy; providing timely advice to, and interactive communication with, the sponsor regarding the development of the drug to ensure that the development program to gather the nonclinical and clinical data necessary for approval is as efficient as practicable; involving senior managers and experienced review staff, as appropriate, in a collaborative, cross-disciplinary review; assigning a cross-disciplinary project lead for the FDA review team to facilitate an efficient review of the development program and to serve as a scientific liaison between the review team and the sponsor; and considering alternative clinical trial designs when scientifically appropriate, which may result in smaller trials or more efficient trials that require less time to complete and may minimize the number of patients exposed to a potentially less efficacious treatment. Breakthrough therapy designation comes with all of the benefits of fast track designation. 
 Even if a drug or biologic qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the drug no longer meets the conditions for qualification or that the time period for FDA review or approval will be shortened. 
 Biosimilars and Exclusivity 
 The ACA includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biological products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biological product. The FDA has issued several guidance documents outlining an approach to review and approval of biosimilars. Biosimilarity, which requires that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the biological product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies and a clinical trial or trials. Interchangeability requires that a product is biosimilar to the reference product and the product must demonstrate that it can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product in any given patient and, for products that are administered multiple times to an individual, the biologic and the reference biologic may be alternated or switched after one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biologic. 
 Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a full BLA for the competing product containing that applicant s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity and potency of its product. The BPCIA also created certain exclusivity periods for biosimilars approved as interchangeable products. A biological product can also obtain pediatric market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing exclusivity periods and patent terms. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection or patent term, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric study in accordance with an FDA-issued Written Request for such a study. 
 United States Healthcare Reform 
 In the United States, there has been and continues to be, several legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could, among other things, prevent or delay marketing approval of vaccine candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect the profitable sale of vaccine candidates. 
 Among policymakers and payors in the United States, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. For example, in March 2010, the ACA was passed, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both the government and private insurers and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The ACA, among other things: (1) increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extended the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; (2) created a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for certain drugs and biologics that 
 41 

are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; (3) established an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain specified branded prescription drugs and biologic agents apportioned among these entities according to their market share in specific government healthcare programs; (4) expanded the eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs; (5) created a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; (6) created a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must now agree to offer 70 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; and (7) established a Center for Medicare Medicaid Innovation at the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drugs. 
 There have been judicial and political challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. By way of example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, or the Tax Act, was signed into law and included a provision repealing, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the ACA on specific individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, among other things, amends the ACA, effective January 1, 2019, to close the coverage gap in most Medicare drug plans, commonly referred to as the donut hole. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling on January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order that initiated a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. It is unclear how any additional healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA and our business. 
 Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. For example, on August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011 was signed into law, which, among other things, resulted in aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, including the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, will remain in effect through 2031, with the exception of a temporary suspension and reduction from May 1, 2020 through June 30, 2022, unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. On January 2, 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 Moreover, there has recently been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries, presidential executive orders and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. At the federal level in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. The IRA will also, among other things, (i) allow HHS to negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D, and subject drug manufacturers to civil monetary penalties and a potential excise tax if they do not offer Medicare a price that is 
 42 

equal to or less than the negotiated maximum fair price under the law, and (ii) impose rebates for certain drugs and biologics sold under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. Unless an exception applies, single-source vaccines can qualify for Medicare price negotiations 11 years after their BLA is approved and become subject to the IRA s negotiated maximum fair price ceiling two years after that. However, certain vaccines, including pneumococcal virus vaccines, are excluded from the Medicare Part B inflation rebate. Additionally, CMS has stated in guidance released on February 9, 2023, that it will not impose Medicare Part D inflation rebates at this time on vaccines and other drugs and biologics that are not covered outpatient drugs under Medicaid or otherwise do not have an obligation to report drug pricing data to Medicaid. Further, as of January 1, 2023, the IRA eliminates patient cost sharing for FDA-approved adult vaccines that are recommended by the ACIP, and covered under Medicare Part D and mandates that all state Medicaid programs cover FDA-approved adult vaccines that are recommended by the ACIP and their administration without cost sharing starting October 1, 2023. However, the IRA does not change either VFC or the related provisions added in 2010 under the ACA. VFC was established to give first-dollar coverage to children up to 18 years of age whose families could not pay for vaccinations while the ACA guaranteed coverage of vaccines without cost sharing for Americans who are either privately insured or newly covered in states that expanded Medicaid. The IRA permits HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be effectuated but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. The Biden administration also released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to submit a report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to regulate pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on specific product access, marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures and, in some cases, measures designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Further, it is possible that additional government action is taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 United States Healthcare Fraud and Abuse Laws and Compliance Requirements 
 Federal and state healthcare laws and regulations restrict certain business practices in the biopharmaceutical industry, including anti-kickback and false claims laws and regulations, data privacy and security laws and regulations and transparency laws and regulations. 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in-kind to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of any item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. 
 The federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act, and civil monetary penalties laws, prohibit, among other things, any individual or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. Private individuals, commonly known as whistleblowers, can bring civil False Claims Act qui tam actions, on behalf of the government and such individuals and may share in amounts paid by the entity to the government in recovery or settlement. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act. 
 The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, created additional federal civil and criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In addition, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and their implementing regulations, imposes specific requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of 
 43 

protected health information on HIPAA covered entities, which include certain healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses and their business associates and covered subcontractors who conduct certain activities for or on their behalf involving protected health information on their behalf. 
 The federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually to CMS information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners) and teaching hospitals, and applicable manufacturers and applicable group purchasing organizations to report annually to CMS ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Similar state, local and foreign healthcare laws and regulations may also restrict business practices in the pharmaceutical industry, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to business practices, including but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers, or by patients themselves; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws and regulations that require drug manufacturers to file reports relating to pricing and marketing information or which require tracking gifts and other remuneration and items of value provided to physicians, other healthcare providers and entities; state and local laws that require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives; and state and local laws governing the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 Efforts to ensure compliance with applicable healthcare laws and regulations can involve substantial costs. Violations of healthcare laws can result in significant penalties, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other U.S. healthcare programs, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and curtailment or restructuring of operations. 
 Foreign Regulation 
 In addition to regulations in the United States, we expect to be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial sales and distribution of our vaccine candidates. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a vaccine candidate, we must obtain approval from the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries or economic areas, such as the European Union, before we may commence clinical trials or market products in those countries or areas. The approval process and requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from place to place, and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. 
 Certain countries outside of the United States have a process that requires the submission of a clinical trial application, much like an IND prior to the commencement of human clinical trials. In Europe, for example, a clinical trial application, or CTA, must be submitted to the competent national health authority and to independent ethics committees in each country in which a company intends to conduct clinical trials. Once the CTA is approved in accordance with a country s requirements, clinical trial development may proceed in that country. In all cases, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCPs and other applicable regulatory requirements. 
 The requirements and process governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, the clinical trials are conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. 
 Under European Union regulatory systems, a company may submit marketing authorization applications either under a centralized or decentralized procedure. The centralized procedure is compulsory for medicinal products produced by biotechnology or those medicinal products containing new active substances for specific 
 44 

indications such as the treatment of AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, viral diseases and designated orphan medicines, and optional for other medicines which are highly innovative. Under the centralized procedure, a marketing application is submitted to the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, where it will be evaluated by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use, and a favorable opinion typically results in the grant by the European Commission of a single marketing authorization that is valid for all European Union member states within 67 days of receipt of the opinion. The initial marketing authorization is valid for five years, but once renewed is usually valid for an unlimited period. 
 To market a medicinal product in the European Economic Area, or EEA, (which is comprised of the 28 Member States of the EU plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein), we must obtain a Marketing Authorization, or MA. There are two types of marketing authorizations: 
 The Community MA, which is issued by the European Commission through the Centralized Procedure, based on the opinion of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use of the EMA, and which is valid throughout the entire territory of the European Economic Area, or EEA. The Centralized Procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as biotechnology medicinal products, orphan medicinal products, advanced therapy products and medicinal products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment certain diseases, such as AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and viral diseases. The Centralized Procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the EEA, or for products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation or which are in the interest of public health in the EU; and 

National MAs, which are issued by the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA and only cover their respective territory, are available for products not falling within the mandatory scope of the Centralized Procedure. Where a product has already been authorized for marketing in a Member State of the EEA, this National MA can be recognized in another Member State through the Mutual Recognition Procedure. If the product has not received a National MA in any Member State at the time of application, it can be approved simultaneously in the various Member States through the Decentralized Procedure. 

Under the above-described procedures, before granting the MA, the EMA, or the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy. 
 If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 
 Additional Regulation 
 We are also subject to regulation under the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Environmental Protection Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and other present and potential federal, state or local regulations. These and other laws govern our use, handling and disposal of various biological and chemical substances used in, and waste generated by our operations. Our research and development involve the controlled use of hazardous materials, chemicals, bacteria and viruses. Although we believe that our safety procedures for handling and disposing of such materials comply with the standards prescribed by state and federal regulations, the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials cannot be completely eliminated. In the event of such an accident, we could be held liable for any damages that result and any such liability could exceed our resources. 
 There have been a number of federal and state proposals during the last few years regarding the pricing of pharmaceutical and biological products, government control and other changes to the healthcare system of the United States. It is uncertain what legislative proposals will be adopted or what actions federal, state or private payors for medical goods and services may take in response to any healthcare reform proposals or legislation. We 
 45 

cannot predict the effect medical or healthcare reforms may have on our business, and no assurance can be given that any such reforms will not have a material adverse effect. 
 Privacy and Data Protection Laws 
 We are, or may become subject to numerous data privacy and security obligations, including federal, state, local, and foreign laws, regulations, guidance, and industry standards related to data privacy, security, and the protection of health-related and other personal data. Such obligations may include, without limitation, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, or the CPRA, and collectively, the CCPA, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, or EU GDPR, and the EU GDPR as it forms part of United Kingdom, or UK, law by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, or the UK GDPR, and the ePrivacy Directive. In addition, several states within the United States have enacted or proposed data privacy laws. For example, Virginia passed the Consumer Data Protection Act, and Colorado passed the Colorado Privacy Act. 
 These privacy and security laws (including the EU GDPR and UK GDPR) may impose significant and complex compliance obligations on entities that are subject to those laws. For example, the EU GDPR applies to any company established in the European Economic Area, or the EEA, and to companies established outside the EEA that process personal data in connection with the offering of goods or services to data subjects in the EEA or the monitoring of the behavior of data subjects in the EEA. Failure to comply with the requirements of GDPR and the applicable national data protection laws of the EU member states may result in fines of up to 20,000,000 or up to 4 of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher, and other administrative penalties;; or private litigation related to processing of personal data brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent their interests. 
 See the section titled Risks Related to Government Regulation for additional information about the laws and regulations to which we are or may become subject to and about the risks to our business associated with such laws and regulations. 
 Employees Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 158 full-time employees, 30 of whom have Ph.D. degrees. None of our employees are represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and additional employees. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain and motivate selected employees and directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards. 
 Corporate and Other Information 
 We are headquartered in San Carlos, California. We were incorporated in the state of Delaware on November 27, 2013 as Sutrovax, Inc. and we changed our name to Vaxcyte, Inc. in May 2020. Our website is located at https://www.vaxcyte.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K including their exhibits, proxy and information statements, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a), 14, and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are available through the Investors portion of our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any of our other securities filings unless specifically incorporated herein or therein by reference. In addition, our filings with the SEC may be accessed through the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. All statements made in any of our securities filings, including all forward-looking statements or information, are made as of the date of the document in which the statement is included, and we do not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements or documents unless we are required to do so by law. 
 46 

Item 1A. Ris k Factors. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 Our business involves significant risks, some of which are described below. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the financial statements and the related notes. Many of the following risks and uncertainties are, and will be, exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic and any worsening of the global business and economic environment as a result. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of factors that are described below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Needs 
 
 We are in the clinical or preclinical stages of vaccine development and have a very limited operating history and no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult for you to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. 
 
 To date, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to performing research and development, undertaking preclinical studies, clinical trials and manufacturing activities in support of our product development efforts, acquiring and developing our technology and vaccine candidates, organizing and staffing our company, performing business planning, establishing our intellectual property portfolio and raising capital to support and expand such activities. As an organization, we have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory approvals, manufacture a commercial-scale product or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful commercialization or arrange for a third party to conduct these activities on our behalf. Consequently, any predictions about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history. 
 
 Our current vaccine candidate pipeline includes five preclinical programs. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known or unknown factors in achieving our business objectives, including with respect to our vaccine candidates. We will need to transition at some point from a company with a research and development focus to a company capable of supporting commercial activities. We may not be successful in such a transition. 
 
 We have incurred significant net losses since inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur substantial net losses for the foreseeable future. We currently have no source of product revenue and may never achieve profitability. Our stock is a highly speculative investment. 
 
 We are a clinical-stage biotechnology vaccine company. Investment in clinical-stage companies and vaccine development is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential vaccine candidate will not gain regulatory approval or become commercially viable. We do not have any products approved for sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. As a result, we are not profitable and have incurred losses in each year since inception. Our net losses were 223.5 million and 100.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 522.1 million. 
 
 We expect to continue to spend significant resources to fund research and development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our vaccine candidates. We expect to incur substantial and increasing operating losses over the next several years as our research, development, manufacturing, preclinical testing and clinical trial activities increase. As a result, our accumulated deficit will also increase significantly. We may encounter unforeseen 
 47 

expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenue. However, we do not expect to generate any revenue from commercial product sales unless and until we successfully complete development and obtain regulatory approval for one or more of our vaccine candidates, which we expect will take a number of years. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. Even if we eventually generate revenue, we may never be profitable and, if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. 
 
 We will require substantial additional funding to finance our operations, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, reduce or terminate certain of our development programs or other operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and investments of 957.9 million. We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments will fund our current operating plans through at least 12 months from the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. However, our operating plan may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned. We have raised substantial capital, however, we will need to raise substantial additional capital to complete the development and commercialization of our drug candidates. We expect to finance our cash needs through public or private equity or debt financings, third-party (including government) funding and marketing and distribution arrangements, as well as other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements or any combination of these approaches. In July 2021, we entered into an Open Market Sales Agreement SM , or the ATM Sales Agreement with Jefferies LLC, or Jefferies, which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in the ATM Sales Agreement, we may elect to issue and sell, from time to time, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 150.0 million through Jefferies acting as our sales agent or principal. As of December 31, 2022, we have sold 4,488,573 shares of our common stock under the ATM Sales Agreement at an average price of 25.56 per share for aggregate gross proceeds of 114.7 million 111.2 million net of commissions and offering expenses). Our ability to raise additional capital may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions, including higher inflation rates and changes in interest rates and the recent disruptions to and volatility in the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide, including the trading price of common stock, resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and civil and political unrest in certain countries and regions. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the timing, scope, progress, results and costs of research and development, testing, screening, manufacturing, preclinical development and clinical trials; 

the costs of future commercialization activities, including product manufacturing, marketing, sales, royalties and distribution, for any of our vaccine candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 

our exercise of the Option (as described below) with Sutro Biopharma, Inc., or Sutro Biopharma; 

the outcome, timing and cost of seeking and obtaining regulatory approvals from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including the potential for such authorities to require that we perform field efficacy studies for our pneumococcal conjugate vaccine, or PCV, candidates, require more studies than those that we currently expect or change their requirements regarding the data required to support a marketing application; 

the costs of establishing additional manufacturing capacity to meet potential incremental supply requirements following the initial commercial launch of VAX-24; 

the costs of building a sales force in anticipation of any product commercialization; 

our ability to maintain existing, and establish new, strategic collaborations, licensing or other arrangements and the financial terms of any such agreements, including the timing and amount of any future milestone, royalty or other payments due under any such agreement; 

any product liability or other lawsuits related to our products; 

48 

the revenue, if any, received from commercial sales, or sales to foreign governments, of our vaccine candidates for which we may receive marketing approval; 

the costs to establish, maintain, expand, enforce and defend the scope of our intellectual property portfolio, including the amount and timing of any payments we may be required to make, or that we may receive, in connection with licensing, preparing, filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing our patents or other intellectual property rights; 

expenses needed to attract, hire and retain skilled personnel; 

the costs of operating as a public company; and 

the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which may exacerbate the magnitude of the factors discussed above. 

Our ability to raise additional funds will depend on financial, economic and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. We have no committed source of additional capital and if we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of our vaccine candidates or other research and development initiatives. Our license agreements may also be terminated if we are unable to meet the payment obligations or milestones under the agreements. We could be required to seek collaborators for our vaccine candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available, or relinquish or license on unfavorable terms our rights to our vaccine candidates in markets where we otherwise would seek to pursue development or commercialization ourselves. 
 
 Due to the significant resources required for the development of our vaccine candidates, and depending on our ability to access capital, we must prioritize development of certain vaccine candidates. Moreover, we may expend our limited resources on vaccine candidates that do not yield a successful vaccine and fail to capitalize on vaccine candidates that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 
 Due to the significant resources required for the development of our vaccine candidates, we must decide which vaccine candidates to pursue and advance and the amount of resources to allocate to each. Our decisions concerning the allocation of research, development, management and financial resources toward particular vaccine candidates may not lead to the development of any viable commercial vaccines and may divert resources away from better opportunities. Similarly, our potential decisions to delay, terminate, license or collaborate with third parties in respect of certain vaccine candidates may subsequently also prove to be less than optimal and could cause us to miss valuable opportunities. If we make incorrect determinations regarding the viability or market potential of any of our vaccine candidates or misread trends in the biopharmaceutical industry, in particular for vaccines, our business could be seriously harmed. As a result, we may fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities, be required to forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other vaccine candidates that may later prove to have greater commercial potential than those we choose to pursue or relinquish valuable rights to such vaccine candidates through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been advantageous for us to invest additional resources to retain sole development and commercialization rights. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 
 Our approach to the discovery and development of our vaccine candidates is based on novel technologies that are unproven, which may expose us to unforeseen risks, require us to modify processes, and make it difficult to predict the time and cost of vaccine candidate development and the timing to apply for and obtain regulatory approvals. 
 
 We are developing a pipeline of vaccine candidates utilizing our cell-free protein synthesis platform, which is comprised of the XpressCF platform exclusively licensed from Sutro Biopharma, and our proprietary know-how for vaccine applications against infectious disease, and our future success depends on the successful application of this approach to vaccine development. We are in the clinical or preclinical stages of developing our vaccine candidates and there can be no assurance that any development problems we experience in the future will not cause significant delays or unanticipated costs, or that such development problems can be overcome. For 
 49 

example, although we have achieved proof-of-concept for our carrier-sparing approach with VAX-24, our approach may not be validated for our other vaccine candidates or subsequent trials of VAX-24. We may also experience delays in developing a sustainable, reproducible and scalable manufacturing process or transferring that process to manufacturing partners, which may prevent us from completing our clinical trials or commercializing our products on a timely or profitable basis, if at all. In addition, since we have not yet completed clinical development, we do not know the specific doses that may be effective in the clinic or, if approved, commercially. Finding a suitable dose may delay our anticipated clinical development timelines. 
 
 Furthermore, our expectations with regard to our scalability and costs of manufacturing may vary significantly as we develop our vaccine candidates and understand these critical factors. Conjugate vaccine development is highly complex, and development of broad-valency PCVs is further complicated by the number of components, analytical assays and potential for adjustments, including but not limited to changes in raw materials, composition, formulation, manufacturing methods and dosing, which could result in drug substances and/or drug product that may vary between preclinical and clinical studies over time. Over the course of the development and manufacturing of VAX-24, we have encountered process-related matters that have required us to make adjustments to our processes. We encountered such process-related matters during our drug substance manufacturing campaign for VAX-24 at Lonza, Ltd., or Lonza. The cumulative impact of the time required to make adjustments to our processes led to a delay of our drug substance manufacturing campaign due to scheduling conflicts and capacity constraints at Lonza. There can be no assurance that we or Lonza will be able to successfully manufacture drug substances in a timely manner in the future, or at all. Such process changes and manufacturing delays have caused a change in our Investigational New Drug, or IND, application timelines in the past and future changes or delays could impact future timelines for VAX-24 or for our other product candidates. 
 
 In addition, the preclinical and clinical trial requirements of the FDA, European Medicines Agency, or EMA, and other regulatory agencies and the criteria these regulators use to determine the safety and efficacy of a vaccine candidate are determined according to the type, complexity, novelty and intended use and market of the potential products. Approvals by the FDA and EMA for existing pneumococcal vaccines, such as PCV13, PPSV23, PCV20 and PCV15 may not be indicative of what these regulators may require for approval of our vaccine candidates. For example, we have used opsonophagocytic activity, or OPA, titers as the primary immunogenicity surrogate endpoint for the VAX-24 program in adults because PCV13 and PCV20 were approved based on the establishment of non-inferiority of serotype-specific OPA responses relative to PPSV23 and PCV13 respectively; however, there can be no assurance that this streamlined non-inferiority approach will be sufficient for regulatory approval or that regulators will not require field efficacy trials. Furthermore, while there have been approvals granted for both PCVs and meningococcal conjugate vaccines based on surrogate immune endpoints rather than field efficacy studies, we will not be able to confirm this approach s applicability for our vaccines until we complete our Phase 2 clinical development program. Additionally, novel aspects of our vaccine candidates and manufacturing processes may create further challenges in obtaining regulatory approval. The regulatory approval process for our novel vaccine candidates can be more complex and consequently more expensive and take longer than for other, better known or extensively studied pharmaceutical or other vaccine candidates. More generally, approvals by any regulatory agency may not be indicative of what any other regulatory agency may require for approval or what such regulatory agencies may require for approval in connection with new vaccine candidates. Moreover, our vaccine candidates may not perform successfully in clinical trials. 
 
 Our vaccine candidates are in clinical or preclinical stages of development and may fail in development or suffer delays that materially and adversely affect their commercial viability. If we are unable to complete development of or commercialize our vaccine candidates or experience significant delays in doing so, our business would be materially harmed. 
 
 None of our vaccine candidates have been the subject of late-stage or pivotal clinical trials. On October 24, 2022, we announced positive topline results from our Phase 1/2 clinical proof-of-concept study of VAX-24 in adults ages 18 to 64. We also announced in July 2022 the initiation of a separate Phase 2 study of VAX-24 in healthy adults aged 65 and older and expect to announce topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity results from this study in the second half of 2023. Final results with the six-month safety data of the Phase 2 adult studies are anticipated in the first half of 2023. Regulatory interactions to inform the Phase 3 program are anticipated in the second half of 2023 following the receipt of the final safety reports from the two adult Phase 2 studies, and topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity data from the pivotal Phase 3 non-inferiority study in adults are expected in 
 50 

2025. With regard to our VAX-24 pediatric program, in late February 2023, we announced that the FDA cleared the IND application for the prevention of IPD in infants. We plan to initiate an infant Phase 2 study in the second quarter of 2023, with topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity data following the primary three-dose immunization series expected by 2025. We anticipate submitting an IND application to the FDA for VAX-31 (formerly VAX-XP) in the second half of 2023. Topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity data from a Phase 1/2 study in adults are expected in 2024. In addition to our PCV franchise, our pipeline includes VAX-A1, a novel conjugate vaccine candidate designed to prevent disease caused by Group A Strep; VAX-PG, a novel protein vaccine candidate targeting the keystone pathogen responsible for periodontitis; VAX-GI, a vaccine designed to prevent Shigellosis; and other discovery-stage programs. Our ability to achieve and sustain profitability depends on obtaining regulatory approvals for and successfully commercializing our vaccine candidates, either alone or with third parties, and we cannot guarantee that we will ever obtain regulatory approval for any of our vaccine candidates. We have limited experience in conducting and managing the clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approvals, including approval by the FDA. Before obtaining regulatory approval for the commercial distribution of our vaccine candidates, we must conduct extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our vaccine candidates. 
 
 We may not have the financial resources to continue development of, or to enter into new collaborations for, a vaccine candidate if we experience any issues that delay or prevent regulatory approval of, or our ability to commercialize, vaccine candidates, including: 
 negative or inconclusive results from our preclinical or clinical trials, leading to a decision or requirement to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials or abandon a program; 

product-related adverse effects experienced by volunteers in our clinical trials; 

difficulty achieving successful development of our manufacturing processes, including process development and scale-up activities to supply products for preclinical studies, clinical trials and commercial sale, if approved; 

timely completion of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, including any field efficacy studies that may be required, which may be significantly slower or cost more than we currently anticipate and will depend substantially upon the performance of third-party contractors; 

inability of us or any third-party contract manufacturer to scale up manufacturing of our vaccine candidates to supply the needs of preclinical studies, clinical trials and commercial sales, and to manufacture such products in conformity with regulatory requirements; 

delays in submitting IND applications or compatible foreign applications or delays or failures in obtaining necessary approvals from regulators to commence a clinical trial, or suspension or termination of a clinical trial once commenced; 

conditions imposed by the FDA or similar foreign authorities regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials, including any requirements to perform field efficacy studies; 

delays in enrolling subjects in our clinical trials; 

inadequate supply or quality of vaccine candidate components or materials or other supplies necessary for conducting clinical trials; 

inability to obtain alternative sources of supply for which we have a single source for vaccine candidate components; 

the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement and pricing from third-party payors, including government authorities, pertaining to the vaccine candidate, once approved, and patients willingness to pay out-of-pocket if third-party payor reimbursement is limited or not available; 

greater than anticipated costs of our clinical trials, including chemistry, manufacturing and controls, or CMC, activities related to our clinical trials; 

harmful side effects or inability of our vaccine candidates to meet efficacy endpoints; 

51 

unfavorable FDA or other regulatory agency inspection and review of one or more of our clinical trial sites or our contract manufacturers facilities; 

failure of our third-party contractors or investigators to comply with regulatory requirements or otherwise meet their obligations in a timely manner, or at all; 

delays and changes in regulatory requirements, policy and guidelines, including the imposition of additional regulatory oversight around clinical testing generally or with respect to our technology or vaccine candidates in particular; or 

varying interpretations of our data by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. 

In particular, while we believe our PCVs could receive regulatory approval based on well-defined surrogate immune endpoints, consistent with how other PCVs have obtained regulatory approval in the past, rather than requiring clinical field efficacy studies, there can be no assurance that the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities will provide approvals on such basis. In addition, changes to the standard of care or the approval of new vaccines could change the threshold for achievement of non-inferiority using the established surrogate immune endpoints that our PCVs will need to meet in our clinical trials. 
 
 Our inability to complete development of or commercialize our vaccine candidates, or significant delays in doing so due to one or more of these factors, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Moreover, principal investigators for our clinical trials may serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time and receive compensation in connection with such services. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to report some of these relationships to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may conclude that a financial relationship between us and a principal investigator has created a conflict of interest or otherwise affected interpretation of the study. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may therefore question the integrity of the data generated at the applicable clinical trial site and the utility of the clinical trial itself may be jeopardized. This could result in a delay in approval, or rejection, of our marketing applications by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, as the case may be, and may ultimately lead to the denial of marketing approval of one or more of our vaccine candidates. 
 
 Our business is highly dependent on the success of VAX-24, which is in clinical development. If we are unable to obtain approval for VAX-24 and effectively commercialize VAX-24, our business would be significantly harmed. 
 
 Our business and future success depends on our ability to obtain regulatory approval of, and then successfully commercialize, our most advanced vaccine candidate, VAX-24. Although VAX-24 has produced positive topline results in a Phase 1/2 clinical study, it may not demonstrate the same results in future pivotal studies. VAX-24 will require additional clinical and non-clinical development, regulatory review and approval in multiple jurisdictions, substantial investment, access to sufficient clinical and commercial manufacturing capacity and significant marketing efforts before we can generate any revenue from product sales. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to successfully advance VAX-24 through the development process. 
 The clinical and commercial success of VAX-24 and future vaccine candidates will depend on a number of factors, including the following: 
 our ability to raise any additional required capital on acceptable terms, or at all; 

our ability to complete IND-enabling studies and successfully submit IND or comparable applications; 

the ability of third parties with whom we contract to manufacture adequate clinical study and commercial supplies of our lead vaccine candidates or any future vaccine candidates, remain in good standing with regulatory agencies and develop, validate and maintain commercially viable manufacturing processes that are compliant with current good manufacturing practices, or cGMP, and do so in a timely manner; 

timely completion of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, which may be significantly slower or cost more than we currently anticipate and will depend substantially upon the performance of third-party contractors; 

52 

whether we are required by the FDA or similar foreign regulatory agencies to conduct additional clinical trials, including field efficacy studies, or other studies beyond those planned to support the approval and commercialization of our vaccine candidates or any future vaccine candidates; 

acceptance of our proposed indications and primary surrogate endpoint assessments for our PCV candidates by the FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities; 

any changes to the required threshold for the achievement of non-inferiority using established surrogate immune endpoints that our PCVs will need to meet in our clinical trials; 

our ability to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities the safety, efficacy and acceptable risk to benefit profile of VAX-24 or any future vaccine candidates; 

the pace and prevalence of serotype replacement following the introduction of VAX-24 or VAX-31 or other vaccines targeting pneumococcal disease; 

any vaccine-vaccine interference studies that may be required, particularly with the standard of care pediatric vaccine regimen; 

the prevalence, duration and severity of potential side effects or other safety issues experienced with our vaccine candidates or future approved products, if any; 

the timely receipt of necessary marketing approvals from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 

achieving, maintaining and, where applicable, ensuring that our third-party contractors achieve and maintain compliance with our contractual obligations and with all regulatory requirements applicable to our lead vaccine candidates or any future vaccine candidates or approved products, if any; 

obtaining and maintaining an Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, or ACIP, preferred recommendation or comparable foreign regulatory authority s recommendation of our vaccine candidates and the willingness of physicians, operators of clinics and patients to utilize or adopt any of our future vaccine candidates to prevent or treat age-associated diseases; 

our ability to successfully develop a commercial strategy and thereafter commercialize our vaccine candidates or any future vaccine candidates in the United States and internationally, if approved for marketing, reimbursement, sale and distribution in such countries and territories, whether alone or in collaboration with others; 

the convenience of our treatment or dosing regimen; 

acceptance by physicians, payors and patients of the benefits, safety and efficacy of our vaccine candidates or any future vaccine candidates, if approved, including relative to alternative and competing treatments; 

patient demand for our vaccine candidates, if approved; 

our ability to establish and enforce intellectual property rights in and to our vaccine candidates or any future vaccine candidates; 

our ability to avoid third-party patent interference, intellectual property challenges or intellectual property infringement claims; and 

the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which may exacerbate the magnitude of the factors discussed above. 

These factors, many of which are beyond our control, could cause us to experience significant delays or an inability to obtain regulatory approvals or commercialize our vaccine candidates. Even if regulatory approvals are obtained, we may never be able to successfully commercialize any of our vaccine candidates. Accordingly, we cannot provide assurances that we will be able to generate sufficient revenue through the sale of our vaccine candidates or any future vaccine candidates to continue our business or achieve profitability. 
 
 53 

Our primary competitors have significantly greater resources and experience than we do, which may make it difficult for us to successfully develop our vaccine candidates, or may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before or more successfully than us. 
 
 The vaccine market is intensely competitive and is dominated by a small number of multinational, globally established pharmaceutical corporations with significant resources; in recent history, Pfizer Inc, or Pfizer, Merck Co., Inc., or Merck, GSK plc, or GSK and Sanofi have been responsible for developing and introducing most new vaccines to the world. We may also face competition from many different sources, including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions. 
 
 Vaccine candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize may compete with existing vaccines and new vaccines that may become available in the future. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, lobbying, technical, human and other resources than we do and may be better equipped to develop, manufacture and market technologically superior vaccines, including the potential that our competitors may develop chemical processes or utilize novel technologies for developing vaccines that may be superior to those we employ. In addition, many of these competitors have significantly greater experience than we have in undertaking preclinical studies and clinical trials of new products and in obtaining regulatory approvals, including for many vaccine franchises. Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in obtaining FDA approval or a preferred recommendation for their products. For example, PCV13 obtained FDA approval for the prevention of invasive pneumococcal disease, or IPD, in infants based on non-inferior IgG antibody responses relative to Prevnar, using the surrogate immune endpoints established by the prior Prevnar field efficacy study. Pfizer implemented a similar approach to development of its 20-valent PCV vaccine candidate, PCV20, which was approved by the FDA in June 2021 for use in adults. In August 2022, Pfizer announced topline results from its U.S. Phase 3 study in infants evaluating PCV20 for the prevention of IPD and in January 2023, the FDA accepted for priority review a supplemental Biologics License Application for PCV20 for the prevention of IPD in infants and children. Merck received approval for PCV15, its 15-valent PCV, in July 2021 for use in adults and in June 2022 for use in infants. Merck announced in April 2022 that V116, the company s investigational 21-valent PCV for adults, received Breakthrough Therapy designation from the FDA, and later announced that it enrolled the first patient in their Phase 3 clinical trial. In June 2022, Merck announced positive results from its Phase 1/2 study evaluating the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of V116 in pneumococcal vaccine-na ve adults 18-49 years of age (Phase 1) and 50 years of age and older (Phase 2). In addition, Sanofi and SK Chemicals have partnered to develop a PCV, and GSK, which recently acquired Affinivax, is developing a 24-valent affinity-bound pneumococcal vaccine. Affinivax also has a 30-plus valent pneumococcal candidate vaccine in preclinical development. 
 
 Many of our competitors have established distribution channels for the commercialization of their vaccine products, whereas we have no such established channels or capabilities. In addition, many competitors have greater name recognition, more extensive collaborative relationships or the ability to leverage a broader vaccine portfolio. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize vaccines that are safer, more effective, more convenient, less expensive or with a more favorable label than any vaccine candidates that we may develop. 
 
 As a result of these factors, our competitors may obtain regulatory approval of their products before we are able to, which may limit our ability to develop or commercialize our vaccine candidates, or achieve a competitive position in the market. This would adversely affect our ability to generate revenue. Our competitors may also develop vaccines that are safer, more effective, more widely accepted or less expensive than ours, and may also be more successful than we are in manufacturing and marketing their products. These advantages could render our vaccine candidates obsolete or non-competitive before we can recover the costs of such vaccine candidates development and commercialization. 
 
 Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, management and commercial personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and subject enrollment for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 
 54 

We and our contract manufacturers may face difficulty satisfying chemistry, manufacturing and controls requirements imposed by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. To date, no product developed using a cell-free manufacturing platform has received approval from the FDA or been commercialized. 
 
 While we are designing and developing a manufacturing process that we believe can scale to address clinical and commercial vaccine supply, we do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities. We rely on contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, including our strategic partnership with our contract manufacturer, Lonza, to access resources to facilitate the development and, if approved, commercialization of VAX-24 and our other vaccine candidates. Advancing our vaccine candidates may create significant challenges, including: 
 manufacturing our vaccine candidates to our specifications, including process development, analytical development and quality control testing, and in a timely manner to support our preclinical and clinical trials and, if approved, commercialization; 

sourcing the raw materials used to manufacture our vaccine candidates for preclinical, clinical and, if approved, commercial supplies; and 

establishing sales and marketing capabilities upon obtaining any regulatory approval to gain market acceptance of our vaccines. 

Before we can initiate a clinical trial or commercialize any of our vaccine candidates, we must demonstrate to the FDA that the CMC for our vaccine candidates meet applicable requirements, and prior to authorization in the European Union, or EU, a manufacturing authorization must be obtained from the appropriate EU regulatory authorities. Because no product manufactured on a cell-free manufacturing platform has been approved in the United States, there is no manufacturing facility that has demonstrated the ability to comply with FDA requirements, and, therefore, the timeframe for demonstrating compliance to the FDA s satisfaction is uncertain. Delays in establishing that our manufacturing process and the facilities we utilize for manufacturing comply with cGMP or disruptions in our manufacturing processes, implementation of novel technologies or scale-up activities, may delay or disrupt our development efforts. 
 
 Even if we obtain regulatory approval of our vaccine candidates, the products may not gain market acceptance among regulators, advisory boards, physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 
 
 Even if any of our vaccine candidates receive marketing approval, they may fail to receive recommendations for use by regulators or advisory boards that recommend vaccines, or gain market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. If such vaccine candidates do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenue and may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of any vaccine candidate, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to: 
 receiving Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC, and ACIP recommendations for use, as well as recommendations of comparable foreign regulatory and advisory bodies; 

prevalence and severity of the disease targets for which our vaccine candidates are approved; 

physicians, hospitals, third-party payors and patients considering our vaccine candidates as safe and effective; 

the potential and perceived advantages of our vaccine candidates over existing vaccines, including with respect to spectrum of coverage or immunogenicity; 

the prevalence and severity of any side effects; 

product labeling or product insert requirements of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory and advisory bodies; 

limitations or warnings contained in the labeling approved by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory and advisory bodies; 

55 

the timing of market introduction of our vaccine candidates as well as competitive products; 

the cost in relation to alternatives; 

the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement and pricing by third-party payors, including government authorities; 

the willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of coverage and adequate reimbursement by third-party payors, including government authorities; 

relative convenience and ease of administration, including as compared to competitive vaccines and alternative treatments; and 

the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts. 

In the United States, the CDC and ACIP develop vaccine recommendations for both children and adults, as do similar agencies around the world. To develop its recommendations, ACIP forms working groups that gather, analyze and prepare scientific information. The ACIP also considers many of the factors above, as well as myriad additional factors such as the value of vaccination for the target population regarding the outcomes, health economic data and implementation issues. ACIP recommendations are also made within categories, such as in an age group or a specified risk group. For example, the ACIP may determine that a preferred recommendation in a smaller child population may be more economical than recommending vaccinations for a larger adult population, which could adversely impact our market opportunity. 
 
 New pediatric vaccines that receive an ACIP preferred recommendation are almost universally adopted, and adult vaccines that receive a preferred recommendation are widely adopted. For example, in 2014, the ACIP voted to recommend PCV13 for routine use to help protect adults aged 65 years and older against pneumococcal disease, which caused PCV13 to become the standard of care along with continued use of PPSV23. ACIP can also modify its preferred recommendation. For instance, in June 2019, the ACIP voted to revise the pneumococcal vaccination guidelines and recommend PCV13 for adults 65 and older based on the shared clinical decision making of the provider and patient, rather than a preferred use recommendation, which means the decision to vaccinate should be made at the individual level between health care providers and their patients. In October 2021, the ACIP voted to recommend the use of either Pfizer s PCV20, or Merck s PCV15 with PPSV23, for routine use in adults aged 65 years and older as well as for those between the ages of 19 and 64 years with certain underlying medical conditions or other risk factors. In June 2022, ACIP voted to recommend that Merck s PCV15 may be used as an option to the currently available PCV13 for children aged under 19 years according to currently recommended PCV13 dosing and schedules. 
 
 If our vaccine candidates are approved but fail to receive CDC and ACIP recommendations, or recommendations of other comparable foreign regulatory and advisory bodies, or achieve market acceptance among physicians, healthcare providers, patients, third-party payors or others in the medical community, we will not be able to generate significant revenue. Even if our products achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain that market acceptance over time if new products or technologies are introduced that are more favorably received than our products, are more cost effective or render our products obsolete. 
 
 We may not be successful in our efforts to use our cell-free protein synthesis platform to expand our pipeline of vaccine candidates and develop marketable products. 
 
 The success of our business depends in large part upon our ability to identify, develop and commercialize products based on our cell-free protein synthesis platform. We intend to pursue clinical development of additional vaccine candidates beyond VAX-24, including VAX-31 for PCV, VAX-A1 for Group A Strep, VAX-PG for periodontitis and VAX-GI for Shigellosis. Our research programs may fail to identify potential vaccine candidates for clinical development for a number of reasons or we may focus our efforts and resources on potential programs or vaccine candidates that ultimately prove to be unsuccessful. In addition, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to successfully advance any of our existing or future vaccine candidates through the development process. 
 
 56 

Our potential vaccine candidates may be shown to have harmful side effects or may have other characteristics that may make the products unmarketable or unlikely to receive marketing approval. If any of these events occur, we may be forced to abandon our development efforts for a program or for multiple programs, which would materially harm our business and could potentially cause us to cease operations. 
 
 Even if we receive FDA approval to market additional vaccine candidates, we cannot provide assurance that any such vaccine candidates will be successfully commercialized, widely accepted in the marketplace or more effective than other commercially available alternatives. In addition, current PCVs do not address the majority of circulating strains causing pneumococcal disease. There has been a decrease in the incidence of disease attributable to the strains covered by existing vaccines but an increase in incidence attributable to non-covered strains that now cause most residual disease. Such change is driven by the void created when strains are taken out of circulation after widespread vaccination, which is a phenomenon known as serotype replacement. As a result of such change, broader spectrum PCVs are required to maintain protection against historically pathogenic strains while expanding coverage to current circulating and emerging strains. There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop higher-valent vaccines to address serotype replacement. 
 
 In addition, because VAX-24 is our most advanced vaccine candidate, and because our other vaccine candidates are also based on our cell-free protein synthesis platform, if VAX-24 encounters safety or efficacy problems, manufacturing problems, developmental delays, regulatory issues or other problems, our development plans and business would be significantly harmed. 
 
 We currently rely on third-party manufacturing and supply partners, including Lonza and Sutro Biopharma, to supply raw materials and components for, and manufacture of, our preclinical and clinical supplies as well as our vaccine candidates. Our inability to procure necessary raw materials or to have sufficient quantities of preclinical and clinical supplies or the inability to have our vaccine candidates manufactured, including delays or interruptions at our third-party manufacturers, or our failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or to supply sufficient quantities at acceptable quality levels or prices, or at all, would materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Efficient and scalable manufacturing and supply is a vital component of our business strategy. We currently do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities. We are designing and developing a manufacturing process that we believe can scale to address clinical and commercial vaccine supply. However, our assumptions as to our ability and our CMOs ability to produce vaccines at the scale needed for clinical development and commercial demand, in particular for our PCVs, may prove to be wrong. If we encounter substantial problems in our manufacturing processes or in our ability to scale to address commercial vaccine supply, our business would be materially adversely affected. Examples of potential issues related to our manufacturing processes or our ability to scale include difficulties with production costs, yields and quality control, including stability of the drug substance or drug product. 
 
 We rely on third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture preclinical and clinical trial product materials and supplies for our needs. There can be no assurance that our preclinical and clinical development product supplies will not be limited or interrupted or be of satisfactory quality or continue to be available on acceptable terms. Over the course of the development and manufacturing of VAX-24, we have encountered process-related matters that have required us to make adjustments to our processes. We encountered such process-related matters during our drug substance manufacturing campaign for VAX-24 at Lonza. The cumulative impact of the time required to make adjustments to our processes led to a delay of our drug substance manufacturing campaign due to scheduling conflicts and capacity constraints at Lonza. There can be no assurance that we or Lonza will be able to successfully manufacture drug substances in a timely manner in the future, or at all. Such process changes and manufacturing delays have caused a change in our IND timelines in the past and future changes or delays could impact future timelines for VAX-24 or for our other product candidates. As a third-party manufacturer, we are also subject to Lonza s scheduling commitments for its other clients. Scheduling conflicts with Lonza s other clients have contributed to manufacturing delays in the past, and there is no guarantee that future scheduling conflicts or related capacity constraints will not affect our manufacturing campaigns and related timelines. In addition, certain aspects of our manufacturing process for our clinical trial product materials and supplies were adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and could be adversely affected by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, earthquakes and other natural or man-made disasters, equipment failures, labor shortages, power failures and numerous other factors 
 57 

in the future. Please see the risk factor titled Health epidemics, including the effects of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, have impacted and could continue to impact our business, including in regions where we or third parties on which we rely have significant manufacturing facilities, concentrations of potential clinical trial sites or other business operations. 
 
 The manufacturing process for a vaccine candidate is subject to FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority review. Our suppliers and manufacturers must meet applicable manufacturing requirements and undergo rigorous facility and process validation tests required by regulatory authorities in order to comply with regulatory standards, such as cGMPs. 
 
 If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, we may not be able to rely on their manufacturing facilities for the manufacture of elements of our vaccine candidates. Moreover, we do not control the manufacturing process at our contract manufacturers and are completely dependent on them for compliance with current regulatory requirements. In the event that any of our manufacturers fails to comply with such requirements or to perform its obligations in relation to quality, timing or otherwise, or if our supply of components or other materials becomes limited or interrupted for other reasons, we may be forced to manufacture the materials ourselves or enter into an agreement with another third party, which we may not be able to do on reasonable terms, if at all. In some cases, the technical skills, raw materials or technology required to manufacture our vaccine candidates may be unique or proprietary to the original manufacturer or supplier, and we may have difficulty applying such skills or technology or sourcing such raw materials ourselves, or in transferring such skills, technology or raw materials to another third party, or such transfer may be subject to certain consent obligations and payment terms to Lonza. These factors would increase our reliance on such manufacturer or require us to obtain a license from such manufacturer in order to enable us, or to have another third party, manufacture our vaccine candidates. If we are required to change manufacturers for any reason, we will be required to verify that the new manufacturer maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations and guidelines, and we may be required to repeat some of the development program. The delays associated with the verification of a new manufacturer could negatively affect our ability to develop vaccine candidates in a timely manner or within budget. 
 
 We expect to continue to rely on third-party manufacturers and suppliers, including Lonza, if we receive regulatory approval for any PCV or any other vaccine candidates. To the extent that we have existing, or enter into future, manufacturing arrangements with third parties, we will depend on these third parties to perform their obligations in a timely manner consistent with contractual and regulatory requirements, including those related to quality control and assurance. In December 2019, we exercised our right to require Sutro Biopharma to establish a second supplier for extract and custom reagents to support our anticipated clinical and commercial needs. In December 2022, we entered into an option agreement with Sutro Biopharma, or the Option Agreement, pursuant to which we acquired, among other thing, authorization to enter into an agreement with an independent alternate CMO to directly source Sutro Biopharma s cell-free extract, allowing us to have direct oversight over financial and operational aspects of the relationship with the CMO. If we are unable to obtain or maintain third-party manufacturing for vaccine candidates, or to do so on commercially reasonable terms, we may not be able to develop and commercialize our vaccine candidates successfully. Our or a third party s failure to execute on our manufacturing requirements and comply with cGMPs could adversely affect our business in a number of ways, including: 
 an inability to initiate or complete clinical trials of vaccine candidates under development; 

delay in submitting regulatory applications, or receiving regulatory approvals, for our vaccine candidates; 

subjecting third-party manufacturing facilities to additional inspections by regulatory authorities; 

requirements to cease distribution or to recall batches of our vaccine candidates; and 

in the event of approval to market and commercialize a vaccine candidate, an inability to meet commercial demands for our products. 

58 

In addition, because VAX-24 is our most advanced vaccine candidate, and because our other vaccine candidates are also based on our cell-free protein synthesis platform, if VAX-24 encounters safety or efficacy problems, manufacturing problems, developmental delays, regulatory issues or other problems, our development plans and business would be significantly harmed. 
 
 Additionally, we and our contract manufacturers may experience manufacturing difficulties due to limited vaccine manufacturing experience, resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes or unstable political environments. If we or our contract manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, our ability to manufacture sufficient vaccine supply for our preclinical studies and clinical trials, or to provide product for patients once approved, would be jeopardized. 
 
 Our vaccine candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties, including interactions with existing vaccine regimens, that could halt their clinical development, prevent their regulatory approval, limit their commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences. 
 
 Adverse effects or other undesirable or unacceptable side effects caused by our vaccine candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Results of our clinical trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects or unexpected characteristics. In such an event, our clinical trials could be suspended or terminated, and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of or deny approval of our vaccine candidates. Such side effects could also affect trial recruitment or the ability of enrolled subjects to complete the clinical trial or result in potential product liability claims. A data safety monitoring board may also suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research volunteers are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Vaccine-related side effects could also affect recruitment or the ability of enrolled subjects to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. In addition, any vaccine to be approved in pediatric populations may need to undergo extensive vaccine-vaccine interference studies with the standard of care pediatric vaccine regimen. Further, to the extent field efficacy studies are required, prophylactic vaccines typically require clinical testing in thousands to tens of thousands of healthy volunteers to define an approvable benefit-risk profile. The need to show a high degree of safety and tolerability when dosing healthy individuals could result in rare and even spurious safety findings, negatively impacting a program prior to or after commercial launch. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 
 Negative developments and negative public opinion of new technologies on which we rely may damage public perception of our vaccine candidates or adversely affect our ability to conduct our business or obtain regulatory approvals for our vaccine candidates. 
 
 Negative developments and negative public opinion of new or existing technologies on which we rely may damage public perception of our vaccine candidates or adversely affect our ability to conduct our business or obtain regulatory approvals for our vaccine candidates. Public perception may be influenced by claims that vaccines are unsafe, and products incorporating new vaccine technology may not gain the acceptance of the public or the medical community. Adverse public attitudes may negatively impact our ability to enroll subjects in clinical trials. Moreover, our success will depend upon physicians prescribing, and their patients being willing to receive, our vaccine candidates in lieu of, or in addition to, existing, more familiar vaccines for which greater clinical data may be available. Any increase in negative perceptions of the technologies that we rely on may result in fewer physicians prescribing our products or may reduce the willingness of patients to utilize our products or participate in clinical trials for our vaccine candidates. 
 
 We may not be able to file IND applications to commence clinical trials on the timelines we expect, and even if we are able to, the FDA may not permit us to proceed. 
 
 Our timing of submitting the IND applications for our product candidates is dependent on preclinical and manufacturing success, and if we experience additional delays, we may fail to meet our anticipated timelines. In addition, we cannot be sure that submission of an IND application or IND application amendment will result in the FDA allowing testing and clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate 
 59 

such clinical trials. Additionally, even if such regulatory authorities agree with the design and implementation of the clinical trials set forth in an IND or clinical trial application, we cannot guarantee that such regulatory authorities will not change their requirements in the future. 
 
 We may encounter substantial delays in our clinical trials or may not be able to conduct our trials on the timelines we expect. 
 
 Clinical testing is expensive, time consuming and subject to uncertainty. We cannot guarantee that any clinical studies will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. Even if these trials begin as planned, issues may arise that could suspend or terminate such clinical trials. A failure of one or more clinical studies can occur at any stage of testing, and our future clinical studies may not be successful. Events that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical development include: 
 inability to generate sufficient preclinical, toxicology or other in vivo or in vitro data to support the initiation of clinical trials; 

delays in sufficiently developing, characterizing or controlling a manufacturing process suitable for advanced clinical trials; 

delays in reaching a consensus with regulatory agencies on study design; 

delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical study sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical study sites; 

delays in obtaining required institutional review board, or IRB, approval at each clinical study site; 

imposition of a temporary or permanent clinical hold by regulatory agencies for a number of reasons, including after review of an IND application or amendment, or equivalent application or amendment; as a result of a new safety finding that presents unreasonable risk to clinical trial participants; a negative finding from an inspection of our clinical study operations or study sites; developments on trials conducted by competitors for related technology that raise FDA concerns about risk to patients of the technology broadly; or if the FDA finds that the investigational protocol or plan is clearly deficient to meet its stated objectives; 

disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic may increase the likelihood that we encounter such difficulties or delays in initiating, enrolling, conducting or completing our planned clinical trials; 

delays in adding a sufficient number of trial sites and recruiting volunteers to participate in our clinical trials; 

failure by our CROs, other third parties or us, to adhere to clinical study requirements; 

failure to perform in accordance with the FDA s good clinical practice, or GCP, requirements or applicable regulatory guidelines in other jurisdictions; 

transfer of manufacturing processes to any new CMO or our own manufacturing facilities or any other development or commercialization partner for the manufacture of vaccine candidates; 

delays in having subjects complete participation in a study or return for post-injection follow-up; 

subjects dropping out of a study; 

occurrence of side effects associated with our vaccine candidates that are viewed to outweigh their potential benefits; 

changes in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols; 

changes in the standard of care on which a clinical development plan was based, which may require new or additional trials; 

the cost of clinical trials of our vaccine candidates being greater than we anticipate; 

60 

clinical studies of our vaccine candidates producing negative or inconclusive results, which may result in our deciding, or regulators requiring us, to conduct additional clinical studies or abandon product development programs; 

delays or failure to secure supply agreements with suitable raw material suppliers, or any failures by suppliers to meet our quantity or quality requirements for necessary raw materials; and 

delays in manufacturing, testing, releasing, validating or importing/exporting sufficient stable quantities of our vaccine candidates for use in clinical studies or the inability to do any of the foregoing. 

For example, based on the positive topline results from the VAX-24 Phase 1/2 proof-of-concept study, which evaluated the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of VAX-24 in adults 18-64 years of age, the FDA supported the initiation of a pediatric study in infants. This study could uncover risks in this study population that could have potentially been discovered during a child and/or toddler study, which could then delay completion of clinical development. Any inability to successfully complete preclinical and clinical development could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to generate revenue. In addition, if we make manufacturing or formulation changes to our vaccine candidates, we may be required to or we may elect to conduct additional studies to bridge our modified vaccine candidates to earlier versions. Clinical trial delays could also shorten any periods during which our products have patent protection and may allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our vaccine candidates and may harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 If we encounter difficulties enrolling subjects in any clinical trials we may conduct, including any field efficacy trials that may be required, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. 
 
 We may experience difficulties in enrolling subjects in any clinical trials we may conduct for a variety of reasons. The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of subjects who remain in the study until its conclusion. The enrollment of subjects depends on many factors, including: 
 the eligibility and exclusion criteria defined in the protocol; 

the size of the population required for analysis of the trial s primary endpoints; 

the proximity of volunteers to study sites; 

the design of the trial; 

our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; 

our ability to obtain and maintain subject consents; 

the ability to monitor volunteers adequately during and after injection; 

the risk that volunteers enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before the injection of our vaccine candidates or trial completion; and 

the risks and disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic related to patient and physician investigator recruitment and retention and study site initiation and clinical trial activities. 

To the extent we are required to conduct any field efficacy studies, enrollment of a sufficient number of subjects may require additional time and resources given widespread vaccination rates in the United States, particularly in the pediatric population. As a result, we may be required to conduct any such trials outside the United States, which could cause additional complexity and delay. Delays in enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of any clinical trials we may conduct, which could prevent completion of these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our vaccine candidates. 
 
 Interim topline and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 61 

From time to time, we may publish interim topline or preliminary data from our preclinical or clinical trials. For instance, on October 24, 2022, we announced positive topline results from the Phase 1/2 clinical proof-of-concept study evaluating the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of VAX-24 in healthy adults aged 18-64. Interim topline data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as more patient data become available. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data when we publish such data. As a result, the topline results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Preliminary or topline data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we may publish. As a result, interim and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Adverse differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects. 
 
 Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular vaccine candidate and our company in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure. Any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant by you or others with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular vaccine candidate or our business. If the topline data that we report differ from final results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain approval for, and commercialize, vaccine candidates may be harmed, which could significantly harm our business prospects. 
 
 We may seek Breakthrough Therapy designation or Fast Track designation by the FDA for one or more of our vaccine candidates, but we may not receive such designation, and even if we do, such designation may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process and it does not increase the likelihood that our vaccine candidates will receive marketing approval. 
 
 We may seek Breakthrough Therapy or Fast Track designation for some of our vaccine candidates. For instance, in August 2022 we announced that the FDA granted Fast Track designation to VAX-24 in adults ages 18 and older and, in January 2023, we announced that the FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy designation for VAX-24 for the prevention of IPD in adults. A sponsor may seek FDA designation of its vaccine candidate as a Breakthrough Therapy if the vaccine candidate is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the therapy may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. For vaccines that have been designated as Breakthrough Therapies, the FDA may take actions to expedite the development and review of the application, and interaction and communication between the FDA and the sponsor of the trial can help to identify the most efficient path for clinical development while minimizing the number of patients placed in ineffective control regimens. 
 
 A vaccine designated as a Breakthrough Therapy by the FDA may also be eligible for expedited review and approval. If a vaccine candidate is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and clinical or preclinical data demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for this condition, the sponsor may apply for Fast Track designation. The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant this designation, so even if we believe a particular vaccine candidate is eligible for this designation, we cannot assure you that the FDA would decide to grant it. 
 
 Even if we obtain Fast Track designation for one or more of our vaccine candidates, we may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to non-expedited FDA review procedures. For instance, although the FDA has granted Fast Track designation to VAX-24 in adults, we may not experience a faster development, review or approval process compared to the conventional process. In addition, the FDA may withdraw Fast Track designation from VAX-24, or from any other of our vaccine candidates that may receive the 
 62 

designation in the future, if it believes that the designation is no longer supported. Fast Track designation alone does not guarantee qualification for the FDA s Priority Review procedures. 
 
 Whether to grant Breakthrough Therapy or Fast Track designations are within the discretion of the FDA. Accordingly, even if we believe one of our vaccine candidates meets the criteria for these designations, the FDA may disagree and instead determine not to make such designation. In any event, the receipt of either of these designations for a vaccine candidate may not result in a faster development process, review or approval compared to vaccine candidates considered for approval under non-expedited FDA review procedures and does not assure ultimate approval by the FDA. In addition, even if one or more of our vaccine candidates qualify for either of these designations, the FDA may later decide that the vaccine candidate no longer meets the conditions for qualification and rescind the designations. 
 
 We currently have no marketing and sales organization, and as an organization have no experience in marketing products. If we are unable to establish marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our vaccine candidates, we may not be able to generate product revenue. 
 
 We currently have no sales, marketing or distribution capabilities and as an organization have no experience in marketing products. If we develop an in-house marketing organization and sales force, we will require significant capital expenditures, management resources and time, and we will have to compete with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to recruit, hire, train and retain marketing and sales personnel. 
 
 If we are unable or decide not to establish internal sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, we will pursue collaborative arrangements regarding the sales and marketing of our products; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to establish or maintain such collaborative arrangements, or if we are able to do so, that they will have effective sales forces. Any revenue we receive will depend upon the efforts of such third parties, which may not be successful. We may have little or no control over the marketing and sales efforts of such third parties and our revenue from product sales may be lower than if we had commercialized our vaccine candidates ourselves. We also face competition in our search for third parties to assist us with the sales and marketing efforts of our vaccine candidates. 
 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop in-house sales and distribution capabilities or establish or maintain relationships with third-party collaborators to commercialize any product that receives regulatory approval in the United States or overseas. If we are unable to develop in-house sales and distribution capabilities or enter into relationships with third-party collaborators on acceptable terms or at all, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our products. If we are not successful in commercializing our products or any future products, either on our own or through arrangements with one or more third parties, we may not be able to generate any future product revenue and we would incur significant additional losses. 
 
 A variety of risks associated with potentially conducting research and clinical trials abroad and marketing our vaccine candidates internationally could materially adversely affect our business. 
 
 As we pursue approval and commercialization for our vaccine candidates overseas and conduct CMC and other operations overseas, we will be subject to additional risks related to operating in foreign countries, including: 
 differing regulatory requirements in foreign countries; 

unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers, price and exchange controls and other regulatory requirements; 

increased difficulties in managing the logistics and transportation of storing and shipping vaccine candidates abroad; 

import and export requirements and restrictions; 

differing and changing data protection and privacy regimes and requirements; 

63 

economic weakness, including inflation and interest rates, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; 

compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 

foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; 

foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 

difficulties staffing and managing foreign operations; 

workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 

differing payor reimbursement regimes, governmental payors or patient self-pay systems and price controls; 

potential liability under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or comparable foreign regulations; 

challenges enforcing our contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States; 

production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; and 

business interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism. 

These and other risks associated with our international operations and our collaborations with Lonza, based in Switzerland, may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or maintain profitable operations. 
 
 We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not able to retain these members of our management team or recruit and retain highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. 
 
 Our ability to compete in the highly competitive biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific and medical personnel. We are highly dependent on our management, scientific and medical personnel, including our Chief Executive Officer, our President and Chief Financial Officer, our Vice President of Research and our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers, other key employees and other scientific and medical advisors, and our inability to find suitable replacements, could result in delays in product development and harm our business. 
 
 We conduct substantially all of our operations at our facilities in the San Francisco Bay Area. This region is headquarters to many other biopharmaceutical companies and many academic and research institutions. Competition for skilled personnel in our market is intense and may limit our ability to hire and retain highly qualified personnel on acceptable terms or at all. 
 
 To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have provided stock options and restricted stock units, or RSUs, that vest over time. The value to employees of stock options and RSUs that vest over time may be significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are beyond our control and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management and scientific and development teams may terminate their employment with us on short notice. Although we have employment agreements with our key employees, these employment agreements provide for at-will employment, which means that any of our employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice. We do not maintain key person insurance policies on the lives of these individuals or the lives of any of our other employees. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level and senior scientific and medical personnel. 
 64 

We have grown rapidly and will need to continue to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 
 
 As our discovery, development and commercialization plans and strategies develop, we have rapidly expanded our employee base and expect to continue to add managerial, operational, sales, research and development, marketing, financial and other personnel. Current and future growth imposes significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: 
 identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining and motivating additional employees; 

managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical and FDA review process for our vaccine candidates, while complying with our contractual obligations to contractors and other third parties; and 

improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. 

Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our vaccine candidates will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage our growth. Our management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. 
 
 If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize our vaccine candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals. 
 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our vaccine candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval of our vaccine candidates in other jurisdictions. 
 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our vaccine candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, while a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval of a vaccine candidate, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and promotion of the vaccine candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and greater than, those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials as clinical studies conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a vaccine candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to approval. 
 
 We may also submit marketing applications in other countries. Regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside of the United States have requirements for approval of vaccine candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing in those jurisdictions. Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets and/or receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our vaccine candidates will be harmed. 
 
 We may form or seek strategic alliances or enter into additional licensing arrangements in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such alliances or licensing arrangements. 
 
 We may form or seek strategic alliances, create joint ventures or collaborations or enter into additional licensing arrangements with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our discovery, development and commercialization efforts with respect to our vaccine candidates and any future vaccine candidates that we may seek to develop. Any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our 
 65 

near and long-term expenditures, issue securities that dilute our existing stockholders or disrupt our management and business. In addition, we face significant competition in seeking appropriate strategic partners, and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish a strategic partnership or other alternative arrangements for our vaccine candidates because they may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort, and third parties may not view our vaccine candidates as having the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy. Any delays in entering into new strategic partnership agreements related to our vaccine candidates could delay the development and commercialization of our vaccine candidates in certain geographies for certain indications, which would harm our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we license products or businesses, we may not be able to realize the benefit of such transactions if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations and company culture. We cannot be certain that, following a strategic transaction or license, we will achieve the results, revenue or specific net income that justifies such transaction. 
 
 Revenue from any catch up opportunity may decline over time as more of the patient population is vaccinated. 
 
 We intend to initially seek approval of our VAX-24 vaccine candidate in adults. If approved, we believe it may have the potential to serve as a catch up or booster to those adults who have previously received PPSV23 or a lower-valent PCV. Previous vaccines with a catch up opportunity have seen a high initial capture rate, but sales may decline over time as the number of individuals who remain unvaccinated with the new vaccine, and eligible for catch up opportunities, declines. Such decline could adversely affect our revenue over time. 
 
 If our security measures, or those maintained on our behalf by CROs, service providers or other third parties, are compromised now, or in the future, or the security, confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information technology, software, services, networks, communications or data is compromised, limited or fails, this could result in significant fines or other liability, interrupt our development programs, harm our reputation, or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, use, retain, safeguard, disclose, share, transfer or otherwise process proprietary, confidential and sensitive information, including personal data (including, key-coded data, health information, data we collect about trial participants in connection with clinical trials and other special categories of personal data), intellectual property, trade secrets, and proprietary business information owned or controlled by ourselves or other parties, and other sensitive third-party data (collectively, Sensitive Information ). 
 
 We may use third-party service providers and subprocessors, including our CROs, to help us operate our business and engage in processing on our behalf in a variety of contexts, . including, without limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, data center facilities, encryption and authentication technology, employee email and other functions. We may also share Sensitive Information with our partners or other third parties in connection with our business. Our ability to monitor these third parties cybersecurity practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. If our third-party service providers experience a security incident or other interruption, we could experience adverse consequences. While we may be entitled to damages if our third-party service providers fail to satisfy their privacy or security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award. 
 
 Cyberattacks, malicious internet-based activity and online and offline fraud are prevalent and continue to increase. In addition to traditional computer hackers threat actors; software bugs; malicious code (such as viruses and worms); employee error, theft or misuse; denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing); advanced persistent threat intrusions; natural disasters; terrorism; war; telecommunication and electrical failures; and ransomware attacks, sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported actors are threats to our information technology assets and data. Ransomware attacks, including those perpetrated by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors, are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of data and income, reputational harm and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. We may also be the subject of server malfunction, software or hardware failures, supply-chain cyberattacks, loss of data or other 
 66 

computer assets and other similar issues. Remote and hybrid work has become more common and has increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees utilize network connections, computers and devices outside our premises or network, including working at home, while in transit and in public locations. Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption. A security incident or other interruption could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to data and could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties upon whom we rely) to provide our products or operate our business. 
 
 While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. While we take steps to detect and remediate vulnerabilities, we may be unable in the future to detect vulnerabilities in our information technology systems because such threats and techniques change frequently, are often sophisticated in nature and may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. Despite our efforts to identify and remediate vulnerabilities, if any, in our information technology systems, our efforts may not be successful. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. These vulnerabilities pose material risks to our business. 
 
 We may be required to expend significant resources, fundamentally change our business activities and practices, or modify our operations, including our clinical trial activities, or information technology in an effort to protect against security breaches and to mitigate, detect and remediate actual or potential vulnerabilities. Certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures or industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and Sensitive Information. While we have not experienced any such material system failure or security breach to date, if we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences, including interruptions in our operations, which could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development and commercialization of our vaccine candidates could be delayed. Furthermore, consequences from an actual or perceived security breach may include: government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing data (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant consequences may cause customers to stop using our platform/products/services, deter new customers from using our products, and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. 
 
 Additionally, applicable data protection requirements, including, without limitation, laws, regulations, guidance as well as our internal and external policies and our contractual obligations, may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security breaches, including affected individuals, partners, collaborators, regulators, law enforcement agencies, credit reporting agencies and others. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to litigation or other liability, fines, harm to our reputation, significant costs, or other materially adverse effects. There can be no assurance that any limitations or exclusions of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or protect us from liability or damages. 
 
 We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage, if any, will be adequate or otherwise protect us from or adequately mitigate liabilities or damages with respect to claims, costs, expenses, litigation, fines, penalties, business loss, data loss, regulatory actions or other materially adverse impacts arising out of our processing activities, privacy and security practices, or security breaches we may experience. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against use that exceeds our available insurance coverage, or results in changes to our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large excess or deductible or co-insurance requirements), could result in substantial cost increase or prevent us from obtaining insurance on acceptable terms. Additionally, our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. 
 67 

Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 
 Our operations, and those of our CMOs, CROs and other contractors and consultants, could be subject to earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. The impact of climate change may increase these risks due to changes in weather patterns, such as increases in storm intensity, sea-level rise, melting of permafrost and temperature extremes on facilities or operations. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. 
 
 Our ability to manufacture our vaccine candidates could be disrupted if our operations or those of our suppliers are affected by a man-made or natural disaster or other business interruption, including the COVID-19 pandemic. Our corporate headquarters are located in California near major earthquake faults and fire zones. The ultimate impact on us, our significant suppliers and our general infrastructure of being located near major earthquake faults and fire zones and being consolidated in certain geographical areas is unknown, but our operations and financial condition could suffer in the event of a major earthquake, fire or other natural disaster. 
 
 Health epidemics, including the effects of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, have impacted and could continue to impact our business, including in regions where we or third parties on which we rely have significant manufacturing facilities, concentrations of potential clinical trial sites or other business operations. 
 
 Health epidemics could adversely impact our business, including in regions where we have concentrations of potential clinical trial sites or other business operations, and cause significant disruption in the operations of our contract manufacturer and other third parties upon whom we rely. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic has presented a substantial public health and economic challenge around the world and has affected and could continue to affect employees, patients, communities and business operations, as well as the U.S. economy and financial markets. Our headquarters is located in the San Francisco Bay Area, and our contract manufacturer, Lonza, is located in Switzerland. Many geographic regions imposed and in the future may impose, shelter-in-place orders, quarantines or similar orders or restrictions to control the spread of COVID-19. The effects of these orders and our work-from-home policies may negatively impact productivity, disrupt our business and delay our clinical programs and timelines, the magnitude of which will depend, in part, on the length and severity of the restrictions and other limitations on our ability to conduct our business in the ordinary course. In connection with these measures, we may be subject to claims based upon, arising out of or related to COVID-19 and our actions and responses thereto, including any determinations that we may make to continue to operate or to re-open our facilities where permitted by applicable law. These and similar, and perhaps more severe, disruptions in our operations could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 Moreover, we rely on third parties to supply raw materials and manufacture our preclinical and clinical product supplies of our vaccine candidates, and we cannot guarantee that they will continue to perform their contractual duties in a timely and satisfactory manner as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, public health guidelines could impact personnel at third-party manufacturing facilities in the United States and other countries, or the availability or cost of materials, which would disrupt our supply chain. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic slowed raw material supply chains and travel restrictions delayed the qualification of key analytical equipment used in manufacturing and curtailed in-person CMO oversight of manufacturing. 
 
 Some of our suppliers of certain materials used in the production of our vaccine candidates are located in Europe. Any manufacturing supply interruption at Lonza s facilities in Switzerland could adversely affect our ability to produce our vaccine candidates for use in the conduct of our preclinical studies or clinical trials. In any event, if the COVID-19 pandemic continues and persists for an extended period of time or more acutely impacts geographies with particular impact on our business, we could experience significant disruptions to our preclinical and clinical development timelines, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 68 

In addition, our planned clinical trials may be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Site initiation and subject enrollment may be delayed due to prioritization of hospital resources toward the COVID-19 pandemic. Some subjects may not be able to comply with clinical trial protocols if quarantines impede their movement or interrupt healthcare services. Similarly, our ability to recruit and retain subjects and principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may have heightened exposure to COVID-19, may adversely impact our planned clinical trial operations. Additionally, our clinical trial vendors, including testing labs, may experience short interruptions, delays or reductions in capacity as a result of staff exposure to COVID-19, which could adversely affect our timelines for planned clinical operations. 
 
 Furthermore, while the potential economic impact brought by, and the duration of, the COVID-19 pandemic may be difficult to assess or predict, the pandemic resulted in significant and prolonged disruption of global financial markets, which may reduce our ability to access capital, which could in the future negatively affect our liquidity. 
 
 While the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business is highly uncertain, any negative impacts that materialize could materially adversely affect our clinical development and operations, financial performance and stock price. In addition, to the extent the evolving effects of the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks and uncertainties described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section. 
 
 If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our vaccine candidates. 
 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our vaccine candidates and will face an even greater risk if we commercialize any products. For example, we may be sued if our vaccine candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our vaccine candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 decreased demand for our vaccine candidates; 

injury to our reputation; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

initiation of investigations by regulators; 

costs to defend the related litigation; 

a diversion of management s time and our resources; 

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

loss of revenue; 

exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources; 

the inability to commercialize any vaccine candidate; and 

a decline in our share price. 

Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of products we develop, alone or with corporate collaborators. Our insurance policies may also have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product liability claim for which we have no coverage. Assuming we obtain clinical trial insurance for our clinical 
 69 

trials, we may have to pay amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. Even if our agreements with any future corporate collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise. 
 
 Our employees, principal investigators, consultants and commercial partners may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading. 
 
 We are exposed to the risk of fraud or other misconduct by our employees, principal investigators, consultants and commercial partners. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional failures, reckless and/or negligent conduct or unauthorized activities that violate (i) the laws and regulations of the FDA and other regulatory authorities, including those laws requiring the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to such authorities, (ii) manufacturing standards, (iii) federal and state data privacy, security, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations in the United States and abroad and (iv) laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Such misconduct also could involve the improper use of individually identifiable information, including, without limitation, information obtained in the course of clinical trials, creating fraudulent data in our preclinical studies or clinical trials or illegal misappropriation of drug product, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from government investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. Additionally, we are subject to the risk that a person or government could allege such fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. If any such actions are instituted against us and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could result in significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participating in government-funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of noncompliance with these laws, contractual damages, reputational harm and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could affect our financial position. 
 
 In December 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or Tax Act, was signed into law. The Tax Act, among other things, contains significant changes to corporate taxation, including (i) changes to the expensing of research and development expenses for tax years beginning after December 31, 2021, (ii) reduction of the corporate tax rate from a top marginal rate of 35 to a flat rate of 21 , (iii) limitation of the tax deduction for interest expense to 30 of adjusted earnings (with certain exceptions, including for certain small businesses), (iv) limitation of the deduction for post-2017 net operating losses, or NOLs, to 80 of current-year taxable income and elimination of net operating loss carrybacks for post-2017 NOLs, (v) immediate deductions for certain new investments instead of deductions for depreciation expense over time and (vi) modifying or repealing many business deductions and credits (including reducing the business tax credit for certain clinical testing expenses incurred in the testing of certain drugs for rare diseases or conditions generally referred to as orphan drugs ). Effective January 1, 2022, we are also subject to mandatory capitalization of Section 174 research and development expenditures. The capitalized expenses are subject to amortization over five and fifteen years for expenses incurred within the U.S. and outside of U.S., respectively. 
 
 In March 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security, or CARES, Act was signed into law. The CARES Act changed certain provisions of the Tax Act. Under the CARES Act, NOLs arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2021 may be carried back to each of the five taxable years preceding the tax year of such loss, but NOLs arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020 may not be carried back. In addition, the CARES Act eliminated the limitation on the deduction of NOLs to 80 of current year taxable income for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2021, and increased the amount of interest 
 70 

expense that may be deducted to 50 of adjusted taxable income for taxable years beginning in 2019 or 2020. Notwithstanding the reduction in the corporate income tax, these benefits do not impact our current tax provision. 
 
 On December 21, 2020, the President of the United States signed into law the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, which includes further COVID-19 economic relief and extension of certain expiring tax provisions. The relief package includes a tax provision clarifying that businesses with forgiven Paycheck Protection Program, or PPP, loans can deduct regular business expenses that are paid for with the loan proceeds. Additional pandemic relief tax measures include an expansion of the employee retention credit, enhanced charitable contribution deductions and a temporary full deduction for business expenses for food and beverages provided by a restaurant for tax years 2021 and 2022. 
 
 The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act was signed on November 15, 2021, and it contained several tax provisions including changes to the Employee Retention Tax Credit and changes to excise taxes. These provisions do not have a material impactful to our current tax provision. 
 
 In accordance with the 2017 Tax Act, research and experimental (R E) expenses under Internal Revenue Code Section 174 are required to be capitalized beginning in 2022. R E expenses are required to be amortized over a period of five years for domestic expenses and 15 years for foreign expenses. We have capitalized research and experimental expenditures in our current tax provision as a result. 
 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 specifically introduces the topic of corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT on adjusted financial statement income on applicable corporations for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022. There is no impact to our current tax provision. 
 
 The American Rescue Plan Act was signed on March 11, 2021. One of the provisions of the Act included expanding the definition of covered employees subject to IRC 162(m) to include an additional top five highest compensated officers beyond the CEO, CFO, and three highest paid employees currently covered under IRC 162(m). This expanded provision is applicable for tax years beginning after Dec 31, 2026. The Company does not believe that this update to IRC 162(m) would have a material impact on its income tax provision currently and will continue to monitor this. 
 
 We are unable to predict what tax changes may be enacted in the future or what effect such changes would have on our business, but such changes could affect our effective tax rate and could have an adverse effect on our overall tax position in the future, along with increasing the complexity, burden, and cost of tax compliance. 
 
 Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 
 We have incurred substantial losses since inception and do not expect to become profitable in the near future, if ever. As of December 31, 2022, we had federal and state NOL carryforwards of 340.2 million and 453.1 million, respectively. The federal and state loss carryforwards, except the federal loss carryforward arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, begin to expire in 2034 unless previously utilized. Federal NOLs arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 have an indefinite carryforward period and do not expire. As of December 31, 2022, we also had federal and state research credit carryforwards of 4.4 million and 2.8 million, respectively. The federal research and development tax credit carryforwards expire beginning in 2039 unless previously utilized, and the state research and development tax credits can be carried forward indefinitely. In general, under Sections 382 and 383 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change (generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage point change (by value) in its equity ownership by certain stockholders over a rolling three-year period) is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs to offset future taxable income. We have experienced ownership changes in the past. There were no ownership changes identified in 2022, as such we have determined that no federal research credits will expire unutilized or are excluded from our research carryforwards as of December 31, 2022. We do not expect any ownership changes during the year ended December 31, 2022 to result in a limitation that would materially reduce the total amount of net operating loss carryforwards and credits that can be utilized. Subsequent ownership changes may affect the limitation in future years. As a result, if, and to the extent that we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-change NOLs to offset such taxable income may be subject to limitations. 
 
 71 

Our insurance policies may be inadequate and potentially expose us to unrecoverable risks. 
 
 Although we intend to maintain product liability insurance coverage, such insurance may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur. We anticipate that we will need to increase our insurance coverage each time we commence a clinical trial and if we successfully commercialize any vaccine candidate. Insurance availability, coverage terms and pricing continue to vary with market conditions. We endeavor to obtain appropriate insurance coverage for insurable risks that we identify; however, we may fail to correctly anticipate or quantify insurable risks, we may not be able to obtain appropriate insurance coverage and insurers may not respond as we intend to cover insurable events that may occur. Conditions in the insurance markets relating to nearly all areas of traditional corporate insurance change rapidly and may result in higher premium costs, higher policy deductibles and lower coverage limits. For some risks, we may not have or maintain insurance coverage because of cost or availability. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 
 We rely and will continue to rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of or commercialize our vaccine candidates. 
 
 We currently do not have the ability to independently conduct preclinical or clinical studies that comply with the regulatory requirements known as good laboratory practices and GCP. The FDA and regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions require us to comply with GCP requirements for conducting, monitoring, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials, in order to ensure that the data and results are scientifically credible and accurate and that the trial subjects are adequately informed of the potential risks of participating in clinical trials. We rely on independent investigators and collaborators, such as universities, medical institutions, CROs and strategic partners, to conduct our preclinical and clinical trials under agreements with us. 
 
 We will need to negotiate budgets and contracts with CROs and study sites, which may result in delays to our development timelines and increased costs. We will rely heavily on these third parties over the course of our clinical trials, and we control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with applicable protocol and legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and these third parties are required to comply with GCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for vaccine candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCPs through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of these third parties fail to comply with applicable GCP regulations, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable, and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. There can be no assurance that, upon inspection, such regulatory authorities will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with the GCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with biologic product produced under cGMPs and will require a large number of test subjects. Our failure or any failure by these third parties to comply with these regulations or to recruit a sufficient number of subjects may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. Moreover, our business may be implicated if any of these third parties violates federal or state fraud and abuse or false claims laws and regulations or healthcare privacy and security laws. 
 
 Any third parties conducting our preclinical studies and clinical trials will not be our employees and, except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such third parties, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our programs. These third parties may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other drug development activities, which could affect their performance on our behalf. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to complete development of, obtain regulatory approval of or successfully commercialize our vaccine candidates. As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for our vaccine candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. 
 72 

If any of our relationships with trial sites or any CRO that we may use in the future terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative trial sites or CROs or do so on commercially reasonable terms. Switching or adding third parties to conduct our clinical trials involves substantial cost and requires extensive management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new third party commences work. As a result, delays occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. 
 
 We rely on third parties, including Sutro Biopharma and Lonza, to supply raw materials and manufacture our preclinical and clinical product supplies of our vaccine candidates, and expect to rely on third parties to supply raw materials and produce and process our vaccine candidates, if approved. The loss of these suppliers or their failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or provide us with sufficient quantities at acceptable quality levels or prices, or at all, would materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 We do not have the infrastructure or capability internally to manufacture supplies for our vaccine candidates or the materials necessary to produce our vaccine candidates for use in the conduct of our preclinical studies or clinical trials, and we lack the internal resources and the capability to manufacture any of our vaccine candidates on a preclinical, clinical or commercial scale. We have entered into an agreement with Sutro Biopharma to supply us with extract and custom reagents for use in manufacturing non-clinical and certain clinical supply of vaccine compositions. Pursuant to the Option Agreement, we also acquired, among other things, a right, but not an obligation, to obtain certain exclusive rights to internally manufacture and/or source extract from certain CMOs and the right to independently develop and make improvements to extract (including the right to make improvements to the extract manufacturing process as well as cell lines) for use in connection with the exploitation of certain vaccine compositions, or the Option. The Option period is five years from the date of the agreement, and we have not yet exercised the Option and we may never exercise the Option. We have engaged Lonza to perform manufacturing process development and clinical manufacture and supply of components for VAX-24, including the manufacture of polysaccharide antigens, our proprietary eCRM protein carrier and conjugated drug substances. We also engaged Lonza to perform manufacturing process development and clinical manufacture and supply of VAX-24 finished drug product. Our agreements with Lonza are denominated in Swiss Francs. Fluctuations in the exchange rate for Swiss Francs may increase our costs and affect our operating results. 
 
 Lonza is currently in the process of manufacturing our vaccine candidates on a clinical scale. We have not yet caused our vaccine candidates to be manufactured on a commercial scale and may not be able to achieve commercial scale manufacturing and may be unable to create an inventory of mass-produced product to satisfy demands for any of our vaccine candidates. 
 
 We do not yet have sufficient information to reliably estimate the cost of the commercial manufacturing and processing of our vaccine candidates, and the actual cost to manufacture and process our vaccine candidates could materially and adversely affect the commercial viability of our vaccine candidates. As a result, we may never be able to develop a commercially viable product. 
 
 In addition, our anticipated reliance on a limited number of third-party suppliers and manufacturers exposes us to the following risks: 
 We may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all because the number of potential manufacturers is limited and the FDA may have questions regarding any replacement contractor. This may require new testing and regulatory interactions. In addition, a new manufacturer would have to be educated in, or develop substantially equivalent processes for, production of our products after receipt of FDA questions, if any. 

Our third-party suppliers and manufacturers might be unable to timely formulate and manufacture or supply raw materials for our vaccine candidates or produce the quantity and quality required to meet our clinical and commercial needs, if any. 

Contract manufacturers may not be able to execute our manufacturing procedures appropriately. 

73 

Our future contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to supply our clinical trials or to successfully produce, store and distribute our products. 

Manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA, the Drug Enforcement Administration and corresponding state agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMP and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We do not have control over third-party manufacturers compliance with these regulations and standards. 

We may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to any improvements made by our third-party manufacturers in the manufacturing process for our products. 

Our third-party suppliers and manufacturers could breach or terminate their agreement with us. 

Each of these risks could delay our clinical trials, the approval, if any, of our vaccine candidates by the FDA or the commercialization of our vaccine candidates, or result in higher costs or deprive us of potential product revenue. In addition, we will rely on third parties to perform release tests on our vaccine candidates prior to delivery to patients. If these tests are not appropriately done and test data are not reliable, patients could be put at risk of serious harm. 
 
 If we or our third-party suppliers use hazardous, non-hazardous, biological or other materials in a manner that causes injury or violates applicable law, we may be liable for damages. 
 
 Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of potentially hazardous substances, including chemical and biological materials. We and our suppliers are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations in the United States governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of medical and hazardous materials. Although we believe that we and our suppliers procedures for using, handling, storing and disposing of these materials comply with legally prescribed standards, we and our suppliers cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from medical or hazardous materials. As a result of any such contamination or injury, we may incur liability or local, city, state or federal authorities may curtail the use of these materials and interrupt our business operations. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for damages or penalized with fines, and the liability could exceed our resources. We do not have any insurance for liabilities arising from medical or hazardous materials. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations is expensive, and current or future environmental regulations may impair our research, development and production efforts, which could harm our business prospects, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Government Regulation 
 
 The FDA regulatory approval process is lengthy and time-consuming, and we may experience significant delays in the clinical development and regulatory approval of our vaccine candidates. 
 
 The research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, approval, selling, import, export, marketing and distribution of drug products, including biologics such as conjugate vaccines, are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States. We expect that our vaccine candidates will be regulated by the FDA as biologics. We are not permitted to market any biological drug product in the United States until we receive approval of a Biologics License Application, or BLA, from the FDA. We have not previously submitted a BLA to the FDA, or similar approval filings to comparable foreign regulatory authorities. A BLA must include extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to establish the vaccine candidate s safety and effectiveness for each desired indication. Further, because our vaccine candidates that are subject to regulation as biological drug products, we will need to demonstrate that they are safe, pure and potent for use in their target indications. The BLA must also include significant information regarding the CMC for the product, including with respect to chain of identity and chain of custody of the product. 
 
 Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies of our vaccine candidates may not be predictive of the results of early-stage or later-stage clinical trials, and results of early clinical trials of our vaccine candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. The results 
 74 

of clinical trials in one set of patients or indications may not be predictive of those obtained in another. In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety or efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same vaccine candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and type of the patient populations, changes in and adherence to the dosing regimen and other clinical trial protocols and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. Vaccine candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy profile despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or unacceptable safety issues, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Most vaccine candidates that begin clinical trials are never approved by regulatory authorities for commercialization. In addition, even if such clinical trials are successfully completed, we cannot guarantee that the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities will interpret the results as we do, and more trials could be required before we submit a BLA or other marketing application. 
 
 We may also experience delays in completing planned clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including delays related to: 
 obtaining regulatory authorization to begin a trial, if applicable; 

the availability of financial resources to commence and complete the planned trials; 

reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

obtaining approval at each clinical trial site by an independent IRB; 

recruiting suitable volunteers to participate in and complete a trial; 

clinical trial sites deviating from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; 

addressing any safety concerns that arise during the course of a trial; 

adding new clinical trial sites; or 

manufacturing sufficient quantities of qualified materials under cGMPs and applying them for use in clinical trials. 

We could also encounter delays if physicians encounter unresolved ethical issues associated with enrolling patients in clinical trials of our vaccine candidates in lieu of using existing vaccines that have established safety and efficacy profiles. Further, a clinical trial may be suspended or terminated by us, the IRBs for the institutions in which such trials are being conducted or by the FDA or other regulatory authorities due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a vaccine candidate, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions, lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial or based on a recommendation by the data safety monitoring board. If we experience termination of, or delays in the completion of, any clinical trial of our vaccine candidates, the commercial prospects for our vaccine candidates will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenue will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our product development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. 
 
 Many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our vaccine candidates. 
 
 The FDA may disagree with our regulatory plan, and we may fail to obtain regulatory approval of our vaccine candidates. 
 
 The general approach for FDA approval of a new biologic or drug is for the sponsor to provide dispositive data from two Phase 3 clinical trials of the relevant biologic or drug in the relevant patient population. Phase 3 clinical trials typically involve hundreds of patients, have significant costs and are time consuming. While 
 75 

we have not had extensive discussions with the FDA regarding our regulatory plan, as a prerequisite for FDA approval, we believe that any new PCV, such as VAX-24, will have to be compared to the current standard of care, PCV13 and PCV15 in infants and PCV20 in adults. We believe that a successful comparison for an adult study would be based on demonstrating clinical non-inferiority of the immune response to PCV20 for common serotypes. In addition, we expect to use OPA titers as the primary immunogenicity surrogate endpoint for the VAX-24 program in adults because PCV13 was approved based on the establishment of non-inferiority of OPA responses relative to PPSV23, on a strain-by-strain basis. On October 24, 2022, we announced positive topline results from the Phase 1/2 clinical proof-of-concept study evaluating the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of VAX-24 in healthy adults aged 18-64. In this study, VAX-24 met the primary safety and tolerability objectives, demonstrating a safety profile similar to PCV20for all doses studied. In this study, VAX-24 met or exceeded the established regulatory immunogenicity standards for all 24 serotypes at the conventional 2.2mcg dose, which we intend to move forward into a Phase 3 program. At this dose, VAX-24 met the standard OPA response non-inferiority criteria for all 20 serotypes common with PCV20, of which 16 achieved higher immune responses. Additionally, at all three doses, VAX-24 met the standard superiority criteria for all four serotypes unique to VAX-24. VAX-24 has the potential to cover an additional 10-28 percent of strains causing IPD in adults over the current standard-of-care PCVs. We believe these topline results support clinical non-inferiority to PCV20, but there can be no assurance that this approach in pivotal studies will be sufficient for regulatory approval or that regulators will not require field efficacy trials. 
 
 We may seek Accelerated Approval from the FDA for our vaccine candidates and, if granted, the FDA may require us to perform post-marketing studies as a condition of approval to verify and describe the predicted effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical endpoint. If the results from such post-marketing studies are not positive or otherwise fail to show the predicted effect, the drug or biologic may be subject to expedited withdrawal procedures by the FDA. In addition, the standard of care may change with the approval of new products in the same disease areas that we are studying. This may result in the FDA or other regulatory agencies requesting additional studies to show that our vaccine candidate is non-inferior or superior to the new products. 
 
 Our clinical trial results may also not support approval. In addition, our vaccine candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; 

we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that our vaccine candidates are safe and effective; 

the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval; 

we may be unable to demonstrate that our vaccine candidates clinical and other benefits outweigh their safety risks; 

any changes to the required threshold for the achievement of non-inferiority using established surrogate immune endpoints that our PCVs will need to meet in our clinical trials; 

any vaccine to be approved in pediatric populations may need to undergo extensive vaccine-vaccine interference studies with the standard of care pediatric vaccine regimen; 

the need to perform superiority or field efficacy trials, which can be larger, longer and more costly, if an existing vaccine is approved for a disease indication; 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

the data collected from clinical trials of our vaccine candidates may not be sufficient to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to support the submission of a BLA or other comparable submission in foreign jurisdictions or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; 

76 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities will inspect the commercial manufacturing facilities we may utilize and may not approve such facilities; and 

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 

Even if we receive regulatory approval of our vaccine candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense, and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our vaccine candidates. 
 
 Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our vaccine candidates may also be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which a product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including post-marketing clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the vaccine candidate. 
 
 In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves our vaccine candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, conduct of post-marketing studies, storage, sampling, advertising, promotion, import, export and recordkeeping for our vaccine candidates will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration and continued compliance with cGMPs and GCPs for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. As such, we and our contract manufacturers will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP and adherence to commitments made in any BLA, other marketing application and previous responses to inspectional observations. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. In addition, the FDA could require us to conduct another study to obtain additional safety or biomarker information. Further, we will be required to comply with FDA promotion and advertising rules, which include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, restrictions on promoting products for uses or in patient populations that are not described in the product s approved uses (known as off-label use ), limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and requirements for promotional activities involving the internet and social media. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our vaccine candidates, including side effects of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party suppliers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution or other restrictions. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our vaccine candidates, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 

fines, warning letters or holds on clinical trials; 

refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of regulatory approvals; 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of our vaccine candidates; and 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The FDA s and other regulatory authorities policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our vaccine candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative or executive action, either in the United States or abroad. For example, certain policies of the Trump administration may impact our business and industry. Namely, the Trump administration took several executive actions, including the issuance of a number of Executive Orders, that could impose significant burdens on, or otherwise materially delay, the FDA s ability to engage in routine oversight activities such as implementing statutes through rulemaking, issuance of guidance and review and approval of marketing applications. It is difficult to predict how these orders will be implemented, and the extent to which they will impact the FDA s ability to exercise its regulatory authority. 
 77 

If these executive actions impose restrictions on the FDA s ability to engage in oversight and implementation activities in the normal course, our business may be negatively impacted. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained, and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 
 Any government investigation of alleged violations of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response, and could generate negative publicity. Any failure to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may significantly and adversely affect our ability to commercialize and generate revenue from our products. If regulatory sanctions are applied or if regulatory approval is withdrawn, the value of our company and our operating results will be adversely affected. 
 
 We expect the vaccine candidates we develop will be regulated as biological products, or biologics, and therefore they may be subject to competition sooner than anticipated. 
 
 The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, or BPCIA, was enacted as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively, ACA, to establish an abbreviated pathway for the approval of biosimilar and interchangeable biological products. The regulatory pathway establishes legal authority for the FDA to review and approve biosimilar biologics, including the possible designation of a biosimilar as interchangeable based on its similarity to an approved biologic. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product cannot be approved by the FDA until twelve years after the reference product was approved under a BLA. The law is complex and is still being interpreted and implemented by the FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation and meaning are subject to uncertainty. While it is uncertain when such processes intended to implement the BPCIA may be fully adopted by the FDA, any such processes could have a material adverse effect on the future commercial prospects for our biological products. 
 
 We believe that any of the vaccine candidates we develop that is approved in the United States as a biological product under a BLA should qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that this exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider the subject vaccine candidates to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for generic competition sooner than anticipated. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once approved, will be substituted for any one of the reference products in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biological products is not yet clear, and will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing. 
 
 Our relationships with customers, physicians and third-party payors are subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, health information privacy and security laws and other healthcare laws and regulations. If we or our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors violate these laws, we could face substantial penalties. 
 
 Healthcare providers, including physicians and third-party payors, in the United States and elsewhere will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any vaccine candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our current and future arrangements with healthcare professionals, principal investigators, consultants, customers and third-party payors subject us to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws and other healthcare laws. 
 
 These laws may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we conduct our operations, including how we research, market, sell and distribute our vaccine candidates, if approved. Such laws include: 
 the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or certain rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of, any good, facility, item or service, for which payment may be made, in whole or in 

78 

part, under any U.S. federal healthcare program, such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

the U.S. federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act, which can be enforced through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, and civil monetary penalties laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the U.S. federal government, claims for payment or approval that are false or fraudulent, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim, or from knowingly making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the U.S. federal government. Pharmaceutical manufacturers can cause false claims to be presented to the U.S. federal government by engaging in impermissible marketing practices, such as the off-label promotion of a product for an indication for which it has not received FDA approval. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act; 

the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, or knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement, in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the healthcare fraud statute implemented under HIPAA or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and its implementing regulations, which also impose certain obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy and security of individually identifiable health information of covered entities subject to the rule, including health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and certain healthcare providers and their business associates, independent contractors of a covered entity that perform certain services involving the use or disclosure of individually identifiable health information for or on their behalf, as well as their covered subcontractors; 

the Federal Food Drug or Cosmetic Act, which prohibits, among other things, the adulteration or misbranding of drugs, biologics and medical devices; 

the U.S. Physician Payments Sunshine Act and its implementing regulations, which require certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies that are reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, information related to certain payments and other transfers of value to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, as well as information regarding ownership and investment interests held by the physicians described above and their immediate family members; 

analogous U.S. state laws and regulations, including: state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to our business practices, including but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including private insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws and regulations that require drug manufacturers to file reports relating to pricing and marketing information, which require tracking gifts and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities; state and local laws requiring the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts; 

79 

similar healthcare laws and regulations in the EU and other jurisdictions, including reporting requirements detailing interactions with and payments to healthcare providers; and 

laws governing the privacy and security of certain protected information, such as the EU GDPR, and the CCPA, which impose obligations and restrictions on the collection, use and disclosure of personal data (including health data) relating to individuals located in the European Economic Area, or EEA, and California, respectively. 

We may also be subject to other laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, which prohibit, among other things, U.S. companies and their employees and agents from authorizing, promising, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything else of value to foreign government officials, employees of public international organizations and foreign government owned or affiliated entities, candidates for foreign political office and foreign political parties or officials thereof, as well as federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers. 
 
 Ensuring that our internal operations and business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will likely be costly. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices, including our relationships with physicians and other healthcare providers, some of whom are compensated in the form of stock options for consulting services provided, may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, injunctions, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participating in government-funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of noncompliance with these laws, contractual damages, reputational harm and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. 
 
 Even if resolved in our favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to healthcare laws and regulations may cause us to incur significant expenses and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce the resources available for development, manufacturing, sales, marketing or distribution activities. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of litigation or other proceedings relating to applicable healthcare laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. In addition, if the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government-funded healthcare programs. 
 
 Coverage and reimbursement may be limited or unavailable in certain market segments for our vaccine candidates, which could make it difficult for us to sell our vaccine candidates, if approved, profitably. 
 
 Successful sales of our vaccine candidates, if approved, depend on the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors including governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, managed care organizations and commercial payors, among others. Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any vaccine candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. 
 
 Patients who receive vaccines generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the associated costs. Obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors is critical to new product acceptance. 
 
 Third-party payors decide which drugs and treatments they will cover and the amount of reimbursement. Reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the third-party payor s determination that use of a product is: 
 a covered benefit under its health plan; 

80 

safe, effective and medically necessary; 

appropriate for the specific patient; 

cost-effective; and 

neither experimental nor investigational. 

Obtaining coverage and reimbursement of a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to the payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our products. Even if we obtain coverage for a given product, if the resulting reimbursement rates are insufficient, hospitals may not approve our product for use in their facility or third-party payors may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Patients are unlikely to use our vaccine candidates unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of our vaccine candidates. Separate reimbursement for the product itself may or may not be available. Instead, the hospital or administering physician may be reimbursed only for administering the product. Further, from time to time, CMS revises the reimbursement systems used to reimburse health care providers, including the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule and Outpatient Prospective Payment System, which may result in reduced Medicare payments. In some cases, private third-party payors rely on all or portions of Medicare payment systems to determine payment rates. Changes to government healthcare programs that reduce payments under these programs may negatively impact payments from third-party payors and reduce the willingness of physicians to use our vaccine candidates. Certain ACA marketplace and other private payor plans are required to include coverage for certain preventative services, including vaccinations recommended by the ACIP without cost share obligations (i.e., co-payments, deductibles or co-insurance) for plan members. Children through 18 years of age without other health insurance coverage may be eligible to receive such vaccinations free-of-charge through the CDC s Vaccines for Children Program, or VFC. For Medicare beneficiaries, vaccines may be covered under either the Part B program or Part D depending on several criteria, including the type of vaccine and the beneficiary s coverage eligibility. If our vaccine candidates, once approved, are covered only under the Part D program, physicians may be less willing to use our products because of the claims adjudication costs and time related to the claims adjudication process and collection of co-payments associated with the Part D program. 
 
 In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. Further, one payor s determination to provide coverage for a product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. Further, coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 
 We intend to seek approval to market our vaccine candidates in both the United States and in selected foreign jurisdictions. If we obtain approval in one or more foreign jurisdictions for our vaccine candidates, we will be subject to rules and regulations in those jurisdictions. In some foreign countries, particularly those in Europe, the pricing of biologics is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after obtaining marketing approval of a vaccine candidate. Some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular vaccine candidate to currently available vaccines. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines but monitor and control company profits. The downward pressure on health care costs has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some countries, cross-border imports from low-priced markets exert a commercial pressure on pricing within a country. 
 
 The marketability of any vaccine candidates for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if government and other third-party payors fail to provide coverage and adequate reimbursement. We expect downward pressure on pharmaceutical pricing to continue. Further, coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 81 

Healthcare legislative reform measures may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, several legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of vaccine candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any vaccine candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. In particular, there have been and continue to be a number of initiatives at the U.S. federal and state levels that seek to reduce healthcare costs and improve the quality of healthcare. For example, in March 2010, the ACA was passed, which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private payors in the United States. Among the provisions of the ACA, those of greatest importance to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries include: 
 an annual, non-deductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and biologic agents, which is apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain government healthcare programs; 

a Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; 

an increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to 23.1 and 13.0 of the average manufacturer price for branded and generic drugs, respectively; 

a methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected; 

extension of a manufacturer s Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; 

expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to certain individuals with income at or below 133 of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing a manufacturer s Medicaid rebate liability; 

expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing program; 

a requirement that certain ACA marketplace and other private payor plans include coverage for preventative services, including vaccinations recommended by the ACIP without cost share obligations (i.e., co-payments, deductibles or co-insurance) for plan members; 

a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research; and 

establishment of a Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation at CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending. 

There have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to the ACA. For example, the Tax Act included a provision that repealed, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the ACA on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year, which is commonly referred to as the individual mandate. On June 17, 2021, the United States Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Moreover, prior to the United States Supreme Court ruling, on January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order that initiated a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace, which began on February 15, 2021 and remained open through August 15, 2021. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, 
 82 

reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the ACA will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how additional healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA. 
 
 Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. These changes include aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year pursuant to the Budget Control Act of 2011, which began in 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, including the BBA and the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, will remain in effect until 2031 unless additional Congressional action is taken. COVID-19 pandemic relief support legislation suspended the 2 Medicare sequester from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022. Under the current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 
 Additional changes that may affect our business include the expansion of new programs such as Medicare payment for performance initiatives for physicians under the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, or MACRA, which ended the use of the statutory formula for clinician payment and established a quality payment incentive program, also referred to as the Quality Payment Program. This program provides clinicians with two ways to participate, including through the Advanced Alternative Payment Models, or APMs, and the Merit-based Incentive Payment System, or MIPS. In November 2019, CMS issued a final rule finalizing the changes to the Quality Payment Program. At this time, the full impact of the introduction of the Medicare quality payment program on overall physician reimbursement remains unclear. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. 
 
 Further, in the United States there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug and biological product pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs and biological products under government payor programs and review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs. At the federal level, the Trump administration used several means to propose or implement drug pricing reform, including through federal budget proposals, executive orders and policy initiatives. In July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. Further, the IRA will, among other things, (i) allow HHS to negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare, and subject drug manufacturers to civil monetary penalties and a potential excise tax by offering a price that is not equal to or less than the negotiated maximum fair price under the law, and (ii) impose rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. However, the IRA does not change either the VFC or the provisions added in 2010 under the ACA. VFC was established to give first-dollar coverage to children up to 18 years of age whose families could not pay for vaccinations while the ACA guaranteed coverage of vaccines without cost sharing for Americans who are either privately insured or newly covered in states that expanded Medicaid. The IRA did help with vaccine access by eliminating cost sharing for adult vaccines covered under Medicare Part D and mandating that all state Medicaid programs cover many adult vaccines and their administration without cost sharing. Further, many vaccines are excluded from Medicare Part B rebate requirements. The IRA permits HHS to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be effectuated but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. The Biden administration also released an additional executive order on 
 83 

October 14, 2022, directing HHS to submit a report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. No legislation or administrative actions have been finalized to implement these principles. It is unclear whether these this executive order or similar policy initiatives will be implemented in the future. It is unclear whether these or similar policy initiatives will be implemented in the future. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine which drugs, biological products and suppliers will be included in their healthcare programs. Furthermore, there has been increased interest by third-party payors and governmental authorities in reference pricing systems and publication of discounts and list prices. 
 
 We expect that additional U.S. federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that the U.S. federal government will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our current or any future vaccine candidates or additional pricing pressures. Further, it is possible that additional governmental action is taken in response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action in the United States or any other jurisdiction. If we or any third parties we may engage are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing or new requirements or policies, or if we or such third parties are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our current or any future vaccine candidates we may develop may lose any regulatory approval that may have been obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 
 We expect that these and other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product, which could have an adverse effect on demand for our vaccine candidates. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our products. 
 
 Changes in funding for the FDA and other government agencies could hinder our ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner, which could negatively impact our business. 
 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years, including for 35 days beginning on December 22, 2018, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical FDA employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Separately, in response to the global COVID-19 pandemic, the FDA has adopted a risk-based system for the conduct of inspections of manufacturing facilities. Additionally, the FDA is conducting voluntary remote interactive evaluations of certain drug manufacturing facilities and clinical research sites. Regulatory authorities outside the United States have adopted similar restrictions and policy measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA or other regulatory authorities to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 84 

We are subject to increasingly stringent and rapidly changing U.S. and foreign laws, regulations, rules and other obligations related to privacy and data security. The restrictions and costs imposed by these requirements, or our actual or perceived failure to comply with them, could harm our reputation, subject us to significant fines and liability, and adversely affect our business. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we process personal data and other Sensitive Information. We are subject to or affected by numerous evolving federal, state and foreign laws and regulations, as well as policies, contracts and other obligations governing the collection, use, disclosure, retention, and security of personal data. The global data protection landscape is rapidly evolving, and implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. 
 
 For example, HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, imposes requirements relating to the privacy and security of individually identifiable health information on health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and certain healthcare providers, and their respective contractors and their covered subcontractors that perform services for them involving individually identifiable health information. Additionally, certain states have adopted healthcare privacy and security laws and regulations comparable to HIPAA, some of which may be more stringent than HIPAA. In the event we fail to properly maintain the privacy and security of individually identifiable health information governed by HIPAA or comparable state laws, or we are responsible for an unauthorized disclosure or security breach of such information, we could be subject to enforcement action under HIPAA or comparable state laws, and significant civil and criminal penalties, and fines. 
 
 Domestic privacy and data security laws beyond HIPAA and other healthcare privacy laws are also changing rapidly and becoming more complex. For example, the CCPA imposes obligations on businesses to which it applies. These obligations include, but are not limited to, providing specific disclosures in privacy notices and affording California residents certain rights related to their personal data. The CCPA allows for administrative fines for noncompliance (up to 7,500 per violation). In addition, the CPRA expanded the CCPA s requirements, including by adding a new right of individuals to correct their personal data and establishing a new California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce the CCPA. Other states have enacted data privacy laws that become operative in 2023, such as Virginia and Colorado, and other local, state, and federal laws are under consideration. While these states, like the CCPA, also exempt some data processed in the context of clinical trials, these developments further complicate compliance efforts, and increase legal risk and compliance costs for us and the third parties upon whom we rely. If we become subject to new data privacy laws, at the state level, the risk of enforcement action against us could increase because we may become subject to additional obligations, and the number of individuals or entities that can initiate actions against us may increase (including individuals, via a private right of action, and state actors). 
 
 We may also become subject to a growing body of privacy, data security and data protection laws outside of the United States as we expand our business and clinical trial activities. For example, the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR impose strict requirements for processing the personal data of individuals located, respectively within the EEA and the United Kingdom. Under the EU GDPR, government regulators may impose temporary or definitive bans on data processing, as well as fines of up to 20 million euros or 4 of annual global revenue, whichever is greater. Further, individuals or consumer protection organizations may initiate litigation related to our processing of their personal data. 
 
 In addition, many jurisdictions have enacted data localization laws and cross-border personal data transfer laws. These laws may make it more difficult for us to transfer personal data across jurisdictions, which could impede our business. For example, absent appropriate safeguards or other circumstances, the EU GDPR generally restricts the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the EEA, such as the United States, which the European Commission does not consider to be providing an adequate level of data privacy and security. The European Commission released a set of Standard Contractual Clauses that are designed to be a valid mechanism by which entities can transfer personal data out of the EEA to jurisdictions that the European Commission has not 
 85 

found to provide an adequate level of protection. Currently, these Standard Contractual clauses are a valid mechanism to transfer personal data outside of the EEA, but are subject to legal challenges. Due to these legal challenges, there exists some uncertainty regarding whether the Standard Contractual Clauses will remain a valid mechanism for transfers of personal data out of the EEA. In addition, laws in Switzerland and the UK similarly restrict transfers of personal data outside of those jurisdictions to countries such as the United States that do not provide an adequate level of personal data protection. If we need but cannot implement a valid compliance mechanism for cross-border privacy and security transfers, we may face increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines, and injunctions against processing or transferring personal data from Europe or elsewhere. The inability to import personal data to the United States could significantly and negatively impact our business operations, including by limiting our ability to conduct clinical trial activities in Europe and elsewhere; limiting our ability to collaborate with parties that are subject to European and other data privacy and security laws; or requiring us to increase our personal data processing capabilities in Europe and/or elsewhere at significant expense. 
 
 Our obligations related to data privacy and security are quickly changing in an increasingly stringent fashion, creating some uncertainty as to the effective future legal framework. Additionally, these obligations may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or in conflict among jurisdictions. Preparing for and complying with these obligations requires us to devote significant resources (including, without limitation, financial and time-related resources). These obligations may necessitate changes to our information technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. In addition, these obligations may require us to change our business model. Although we endeavor to comply with all applicable data privacy and security obligations, we may at times fail (or be perceived to have failed) to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties upon whom we rely may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations and compliance posture. For example, any failure by a third-party processor to comply with applicable law, regulations, or contractual obligations could result in adverse effects, including inability to operate our business and proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. If we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with data privacy and security obligations, we could face significant consequences. These consequences may include, but are not limited to, government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections, and similar); litigation (including class-related claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans on processing personal data; orders to destroy or not use personal data; and imprisonment of company officials. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition, including but not limited to: loss of customers; interruptions or stoppages in our business operations (including clinical trials); inability to process personal data or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limited ability to develop or commercialize our products; expenditure of time and resources to defend any claim or inquiry; adverse publicity; or revision or restructuring of our operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for our technology and products, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. 
 
 We rely upon a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect the intellectual property related to our vaccine development programs and vaccine candidates. Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States and other countries with respect to VAX-24 and any future vaccine candidates, as well as methods of making our vaccine candidates and components thereof. We seek to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications in the United States and abroad related to our development programs and vaccine candidates. The patent prosecution process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. 
 
 The patents and patent applications that we own or in-license may fail to result in issued patents with claims that protect VAX-24 or any future vaccine candidate in the United States or in other foreign countries. There is no assurance that all of the potentially relevant prior art relating to our patents and patent applications has been found, which can prevent a patent from issuing from a pending patent application, or be used to invalidate a patent. Even if patents do successfully issue and even if such patents cover VAX-24 or any future vaccine candidate, third parties may challenge their validity, enforceability or scope, which may result in such patents being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable. Any successful opposition to these patents or any other patents owned by or licensed to us could deprive us of rights necessary for the successful commercialization of any vaccine candidates or 
 86 

companion diagnostic that we may develop. Further, if we encounter delays in regulatory approvals, the period of time during which we could market a vaccine candidate under patent protection could be reduced. 
 
 If the patent applications we hold or have in-licensed with respect to our development programs and vaccine candidates fail to issue, if their breadth or strength of protection is threatened, or if they fail to provide meaningful exclusivity for VAX-24 or any future vaccine candidate, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to develop vaccine candidates and threaten our ability to commercialize future vaccines. Any such outcome could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 
 
 The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has been and will continue to be the subject of litigation and new legislation. In addition, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. For example, many countries restrict the patentability of methods of treatment of the human body. Publications of discoveries in scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot know with certainty whether we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our owned or licensed patents or pending patent applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. As a result of these and other factors, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect our technology or products, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and products. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. 
 
 Moreover, we may be subject to a third-party pre-issuance submission of prior art to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, or become involved in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant review or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others. The costs of defending our patents or enforcing our proprietary rights in post-issuance administrative proceedings and litigation can be substantial and the outcome can be uncertain. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or products and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future vaccine candidates. 
 
 The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our owned and licensed patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or freedom to operate or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and products. Generally, issued patents are granted a term of 20 years from the earliest claimed non-provisional filing date. In certain instances, patent term can be adjusted to recapture a portion of delay by the USPTO in examining the patent application (patent term adjustment) or extended to account for term effectively lost as a result of the FDA regulatory review period (patent term extension), or both. The scope of patent protection may also be limited. Without patent protection for our current or future vaccine candidates, we may be open to competition from generic versions of such products. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new vaccine candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 
 If we fail to comply with our obligations under any license, collaboration or other agreements, we may be required to pay damages and could lose intellectual property rights that are necessary for developing and protecting our vaccine candidates. 
 
 We have licensed certain intellectual property rights related to the XpressCF platform, components of our PCV candidates, and methods of making components of VAX-24 from Sutro Biopharma and University of 
 87 

Georgia Research Foundation, Inc. We also license certain intellectual property rights related to a non-cross-reactive Group A Strep carbohydrate antigen and related methods of production from the Regents of the University of California. If, for any reason, these agreements are terminated or we otherwise lose those rights, it could adversely affect our business. These agreements impose, and any future collaboration agreements or license agreements we enter into are likely to impose, various development, commercialization, funding, milestone, royalty, diligence, sublicensing, insurance, patent prosecution and enforcement or other obligations on us. If we breach any material obligations, or use the intellectual property licensed to us in an unauthorized manner, we may be required to pay damages and the licensor(s) may have the right to terminate the license, which could result in us being unable to develop, manufacture and sell products that are covered by the licensed technology or enable a competitor to gain access to the licensed technology. 
 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for noncompliance with these requirements. 
 
 Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the USPTO and other foreign patent agencies in several stages over the lifetime of the patent. The USPTO and various foreign national or international patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Noncompliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of patent rights include, but are not limited to, failure to timely file national and regional stage patent applications based on our international patent application, failure to respond to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. If we or our licensors fail to maintain the patents and patent applications covering VAX-24 or any future vaccine candidate, or the XpressCF platform, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Third-party claims or litigation alleging infringement of patents or other proprietary rights, or seeking to invalidate our patents or other proprietary rights, may delay or prevent the development and commercialization of VAX-24 and any future vaccine candidate. 
 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our avoiding infringement and other violations of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of litigation, both within and outside the United States, involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, including patent infringement lawsuits, interferences, derivation and administrative law proceedings, inter partes review and post-grant review before the USPTO, as well as oppositions and similar processes in foreign jurisdictions. Numerous U.S. and foreign-issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we and our collaborators are developing vaccine candidates. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, and as we gain greater visibility and market exposure as a public company, the risk increases that our vaccine candidates or other business activities may be subject to claims of infringement of the patent and other proprietary rights of third parties. Third parties may assert that we are infringing their patents or employing their proprietary technology without authorization. 
 
 Also, there may be third-party patents or patent applications with claims to materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our vaccine candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications which may later result in issued patents that our vaccine candidates may infringe. 
 
 In addition, third parties may obtain patent rights in the future and claim that use of our technologies infringes upon these rights. If any third-party patents were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover the manufacturing process of any of our vaccine candidates, any molecules formed during the manufacturing process or any final product itself, the holders of any such patents may be able to block our ability to commercialize such vaccine candidate unless we obtained a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire. Similarly, if any third-party patent were held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our formulations, 
 88 

processes for manufacture or methods of use, including combination therapy, the holders of any such patent may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the applicable vaccine candidate unless we obtained a license or until such patent expires. In either case, such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. In addition, we may be subject to claims that we are infringing other intellectual property rights, such as trademarks or copyrights, or misappropriating the trade secrets of others, and to the extent that our employees, consultants or contractors use intellectual property or proprietary information owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. 
 
 Parties making claims against us may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize one or more of our vaccine candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful infringement or other intellectual property claim against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties or redesign our affected products, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. We cannot predict whether any such license would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 Furthermore, as the vaccine patent landscape is crowded and highly competitive, even in the absence of litigation we may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our vaccine candidates, and we have done so from time to time. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In that event, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize one or more of our vaccine candidates, which could harm our business significantly. We cannot provide any assurances that third-party patents do not exist which might be enforced against vaccine candidates resulting in either an injunction prohibiting our sales, or, with respect to our sales, an obligation on our part to pay royalties or other forms of compensation to third parties. 
 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents, the patents of our licensors or our other intellectual property rights, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. 
 
 Competitors may infringe or otherwise violate our patents, the patents of our licensors or our other intellectual property rights. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file legal claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours or our licensors is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. The initiation of a claim against a third party may also cause the third party to bring counter-claims against us such as claims asserting that our patents are invalid or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness, non-enablement, written description, or lack of patentable subject matter. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant material information from the USPTO, or made a materially misleading statement, during prosecution. Third parties may also raise similar validity claims before the USPTO in post-grant proceedings such as ex parte reexaminations, inter partes review or post-grant review, or oppositions or similar proceedings outside the United States, in parallel with litigation or even outside the context of litigation. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. We cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. For the patents and patent applications that we have licensed, we may have limited or no right to participate in the defense of any licensed patents against challenge by a third party. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of any future patent protection on our current or future vaccine candidates. Such a loss of patent protection could harm our business. 
 
 We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our intellectual property rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States. Our business could be harmed if in litigation the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable 
 89 

terms. Any litigation or other proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights may fail, and even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. 
 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have an adverse effect on the price of our common shares. 
 
 Changes in U.S. patent law or the patent law of other countries or jurisdictions could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 
 
 The United States has enacted and implemented wide-ranging patent reform legislation. The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce patents that we have licensed or that we might obtain in the future. Similarly, changes in patent law and regulations in other countries or jurisdictions or changes in the governmental bodies that enforce them or changes in how the relevant governmental authority enforces patent laws or regulations may weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce patents that we have licensed or that we may obtain in the future. For example, the complexity and uncertainty of European patent laws have also increased in recent years. In Europe, a new unitary patent system takes effect June 1, 2023, which will significantly impact European patents, including those granted before the introduction of such a system. Under the unitary patent system, European applications will have the option, upon grant of a patent, of becoming a Unitary Patent which will be subject to the jurisdiction of the Unitary Patent Court, or the UPC. As the UPC is a new court system, there is no precedent for the court, increasing the uncertainty of any litigation. Patents granted before the implementation of the UPC will have the option of opting out of the jurisdiction of the UPC and remaining as national patents in the UPC countries. Patents that remain under the jurisdiction of the UPC will be potentially vulnerable to a single UPC-based revocation challenge that, if successful, could invalidate the patent in all countries who are signatories to the UPC. We cannot predict with certainty the long-term effects of any potential changes. 
 
 Any trademarks we may obtain may be infringed or successfully challenged, resulting in harm to our business. 
 
 We expect to rely on trademarks as one means to distinguish any of our vaccine candidates that are approved for marketing from the products of our competitors. We have not yet selected trademarks for our vaccine candidates and have not yet begun the process of applying to register trademarks for our current or any future vaccine candidates. Once we select trademarks and apply to register them, our trademark applications may not be approved. Third parties may oppose our trademark applications or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our products, which could result in loss of brand recognition and could require us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. Our competitors may infringe our trademarks, and we may not have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks. 
 
 In addition, any proprietary name we propose to use with our current or any other vaccine candidate in the United States must be approved by the FDA, regardless of whether we have registered it, or applied to register it, as a trademark. The FDA typically conducts a review of proposed product names, including an evaluation of the potential for confusion with other product names. If the FDA objects to any of our proposed proprietary product names, we may be required to expend significant additional resources in an effort to identify a suitable proprietary product name that would qualify under applicable trademark laws, not infringe the existing rights of third parties and be acceptable to the FDA. 
 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world, which could impair our business. 
 
 90 

Filing, prosecuting and defending patents covering our current vaccine candidates and any future vaccine candidate throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we may obtain patent protection, but where patent enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products in jurisdictions where we do not have any issued or licensed patents and any future patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from so competing. 
 
 The ongoing conflict in Ukraine and related sanctions could significantly devalue our Eurasian patent applications. Recent Russian decrees may also significantly limit our ability to enforce Russian patents. We cannot predict when or how this situation will change . 
 
 Our reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them or that our trade secrets will be misappropriated or disclosed. 
 
 Because we expect to rely on third parties to manufacture VAX-24 and any future vaccine candidates, and we expect to collaborate with third parties on the development of VAX-24 and any future vaccine candidates, we must, at times, share trade secrets with them. We also conduct joint research and development that may require us to share trade secrets under the terms of our research and development partnerships or similar agreements. We seek to protect our proprietary technology in part by entering into confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, material transfer agreements, consulting agreements or other similar agreements with our advisors, employees, third-party contractors and consultants prior to beginning research or disclosing proprietary information. These agreements typically limit the rights of the third parties to use or disclose our confidential information, including our trade secrets. Despite the contractual provisions employed when working with third parties, the need to share trade secrets and other confidential information increases the risk that such trade secrets become known by our competitors, are inadvertently incorporated into the technology of others or are disclosed or used in violation of these agreements. Given that our proprietary position is based, in part, on our know-how and trade secrets, a competitor s discovery of our trade secrets or other unauthorized use or disclosure would impair our competitive position and may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Further, disputes may arise under these agreements regarding inventorship or ownership of proprietary information generated during research and development. 
 
 In addition, these agreements typically restrict the ability of our advisors, employees, third-party contractors and consultants to publish data potentially relating to our trade secrets, although our agreements may contain certain limited publication rights. Despite our efforts to protect our trade secrets, our competitors may discover our trade secrets, either through breach of our agreements with third parties, independent development or publication of information by any of our third-party collaborators. A competitor s discovery of our trade secrets would impair our competitive position and have an adverse impact on our business. 
 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of their former employers or other third parties. 
 
 We employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. Although we seek to protect our ownership of intellectual property rights by ensuring that our agreements with our employees, collaborators and other third parties with whom we do business include provisions requiring such parties to assign rights in inventions to us, we may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed confidential information of our employees former employers or other third parties. We may also be subject to claims that former employers or other third parties have an ownership interest in our patents. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. There is no guarantee of success in defending these claims, and if we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, valuable intellectual property. Even if we are successful, litigation could result in substantial cost and be a distraction to our management and other employees. 

91 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 The price of our stock may be volatile, and the value of our common stock may decline. 
 
 The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including limited trading volume. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic has further heightened the volatility of the stock market for biopharmaceutical companies. In addition to the factors discussed in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, these factors include: 
 the commencement, enrollment or results of our planned or future preclinical studies or clinical trials of our vaccine candidates and those of our competitors; 

regulatory or legal developments in the United States and abroad; 

the success of competitive vaccines or technologies; 

developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; 

the level of expenses related to our vaccine candidates or preclinical and clinical development programs; 

the results of our efforts to develop additional vaccine candidates; 

actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations or reports by securities analysts; 

the level of expenses and capital investment related to manufacturing our vaccine candidates; 

our inability to obtain or delays in obtaining adequate supply for any approved vaccine candidate; 

significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; 

variations in our financial results or those of companies perceived to be similar to us; 

changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems, including coverage and adequate reimbursement for any approved vaccine; 

general economic, political and market conditions, including higher inflation rates, changes in interest rates and the Russia-Ukraine war, and overall fluctuations in the financial markets in the United States and abroad; and 

investors general perception of us and our business. 

In addition, the stock market in general, and the Nasdaq Global Select Market and biopharmaceutical companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies, including in connection with the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which has resulted in decreased stock prices for many companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities. You may not realize any return on your investment in us and may lose some or all of your investment. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities. This type of litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which would harm our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our stock. 
 
 We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the appreciation of their stock. 
 
 92 

Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 
 Our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders beneficially own a significant portion of our common stock. Accordingly, these stockholders have the ability to influence us through this ownership position and significantly affect the outcome of all matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, these stockholders may be able to significantly affect the outcome of elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents or approval of any merger, sale of assets or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. 
 
 As a public company, we are subject to more stringent federal and state law requirements. 
 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, or Nasdaq, and other applicable securities rules and regulations. 
 
 Sarbanes-Oxley as well as rules subsequently adopted by the SEC and Nasdaq to implement provisions of Sarbanes-Oxley, impose significant requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Further, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, the SEC has adopted additional rules and regulations in these areas, such as mandatory say on pay voting requirements. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. Compliance with the various reporting and other requirements applicable to public companies requires considerable time and attention of management. We cannot assure you that we will satisfy our obligations as a public company on a timely basis. 
 
 We expect the rules and regulations applicable to public companies to substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. If we are unable to comply with these requirements on a timely basis or if the attention of our management and personnel is diverted from other business concerns, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The increased costs will increase our net loss or decrease our net income, and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business. In addition, as we expand, it may be more difficult or more costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including directors and officers liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified personnel to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 
 
 We are also subject to more stringent state law requirements. Compliance costs and penalties or other adverse impacts as a result of non-compliance (including reputational impacts) may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Expectations relating to environmental, social and governance programs may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. 
 
 There is an increasing focus from certain investors and other key stakeholders concerning corporate responsibility, specifically related to environmental, social and governance, or ESG, factors. As a result, there is an increased emphasis on corporate responsibility ratings and a number of third parties provide reports on companies in order to measure and assess corporate responsibility performance. In addition, the ESG factors by which companies corporate responsibility practices are assessed may change, which could result in greater expectations of us and cause us to undertake costly initiatives to satisfy such new criteria. Alternatively, if we are unable to satisfy such new criteria, investors may conclude that our policies with respect to corporate responsibility are inadequate. We risk damage to our brand and reputation if our corporate responsibility procedures or standards do not meet the standards set by various constituencies. We may be required to make investments in matters related to ESG, which could be significant and adversely impact our results of operations. Furthermore, if our competitors 
 93 

corporate responsibility performance is perceived to be greater than ours, potential or current investors may elect to invest with our competitors instead. In addition, if we communicate certain initiatives and goals regarding ESG matters, we could fail, or be perceived to fail, in our achievement of such initiatives or goals, or we could be criticized for the scope of such initiatives or goals. If we fail to satisfy the expectations of investors and other key stakeholders or our initiatives are not executed as planned, our reputation and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Future sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, or the perception that such sales could occur, could cause our stock price to fall. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the public s perception that such sales could occur, could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Provisions in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of us that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares. These provisions also could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition, because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Among other things, these provisions: 
 establish a classified board of directors such that not all members of the board are elected at one time; 

allow the authorized number of our directors to be changed only by resolution of our board of directors; 

limit the manner in which stockholders can remove directors from the board; 

establish advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals that can be acted on at stockholder meetings and nominations to our board of directors; 

require that stockholder actions must be effected at a duly called stockholder meeting and prohibit actions by our stockholders by written consent; 

prohibit our stockholders from calling a special meeting of our stockholders; 

authorize our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used to institute a stockholder rights plan, or so-called poison pill, that would work to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, effectively preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by our board of directors; and 

require the approval of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the votes that all our stockholders would be entitled to cast to amend or repeal certain provisions of our charter or bylaws. 

Moreover, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or DGCL, which prohibits a person who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. These provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control transaction. They could also have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our common stock, including transactions that may be in your best interests. These provisions may also prevent changes in our management or limit the price that investors are willing to pay for our stock. 
 
 94 

Claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Delaware law provides that directors of a corporation will not be personally liable for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as directors, except liability for: 
 any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders; 

any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 

unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions; or 

any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 

Such limitation of liability does not apply to liabilities arising under federal securities laws and does not affect the availability of equitable remedies such as injunctive relief or rescission. 
 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that we are required to indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law and may indemnify our other employees and agents. Our amended and restated bylaws also provide that, on satisfaction of certain conditions, we will advance expenses incurred by a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action or proceeding, and permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director, employee or other agent for any liability arising out of his or her actions in that capacity regardless of whether we would otherwise be permitted to indemnify him or her under the provisions of Delaware law. We have entered and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors and executive officers. With certain exceptions, these agreements provide for indemnification for related expenses, including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these individuals in connection with any action, proceeding or investigation. We believe that these amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provisions and indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. 
 
 While we maintain directors and officers liability insurance, such insurance may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur, which may reduce our available funds to satisfy third-party claims and may adversely impact our cash position. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware), to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 

any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; 

any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees, arising out of or pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; 

any action or proceeding to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; and 

95 

any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us by any of our directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 

This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. 
 
 These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage these types of lawsuits. If a court were to find the exclusive-forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or vaccine candidates. 
 
 We may seek additional capital through a combination of public and private equity offerings, debt financings, strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements, including through the use of our at-the-market facility. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations and could involve certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. If we raise additional funds through strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or vaccine candidates, or grant licenses on terms unfavorable to us. 
 
 Unstable market and economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price. 
 
 The global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions in the past several years, including as a result worsening global economic conditions, including higher inflation rates and changes in interest rates, and the COVID-19 pandemic and civil and political unrest in certain countries and regions. Such volatility and disruptions have caused and may continue to cause severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, including higher inflation rates and changes in interest rates, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, 
 96 

manufacturers and other partners may not survive an economic downturn, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. 
 
 An active trading market for our common stock may never develop or be sustained. 
 
 Our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol PCVX. However, we cannot assure you that an active trading market for our shares will develop or be sustained. You may not be able to sell your shares quickly or at the market price if trading in shares of our common stock is not active. Further, an inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling shares of our common stock and may impair our ability to enter into strategic partnerships or acquire companies or products by using our shares of common stock as consideration. 
 
 Our financial condition and results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year, which makes them difficult to predict. 
 
 We expect our financial condition and results of operations to fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly, you should not rely upon the results of any quarterly or annual periods as indications of future operating performance. 
 
 We will incur significant increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. 
 
 As a public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, investor relations and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules subsequently implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq have imposed various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of U.S. government intervention and regulatory reform may also lead to substantial new regulations and disclosure obligations, which may in turn lead to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we do not currently anticipate. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to comply with these requirements. Moreover, these requirements will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect that these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. 
 
 If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the trading price of our common stock may decline. 
 
 Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are required to furnish a report by management related to the internal control over financial reporting in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and we will be required to include an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. To comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the requirements of being a reporting company under the Exchange Act and any complex accounting rules in the future, we may need to upgrade our information technology systems, implement additional financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures, and hire additional accounting and finance staff. We are currently in the process of hiring additional accounting and finance staff as we grow our business. If we are unable to hire the additional accounting and finance staff necessary to comply with these requirements, we may need to retain additional outside consultants. If we or, if required, our auditors, are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and the trading price of our common stock may decline. 
 
 There can be no assurance that there will not be material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public 
 97 

accounting firm determines that we have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 
 
 Our reported financial results may be adversely affected by changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 
 Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC and various bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. A change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results, may retroactively affect previously reported results, could cause unexpected financial reporting fluctuations and may require us to make costly changes to our operational processes and accounting systems. 
 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 
 
 We designed our disclosure controls and procedures to reasonably assure that information we must disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, and recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well-conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. 
 
 These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have control over these analysts. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, the trading price for our stock would likely be negatively impacted. If one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price may decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 98 

Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Pr operties. 
 Our corporate headquarters is located at 825 Industrial Road, Suite 300, San Carlos, California 94070, where we lease and occupy 77,734 square feet of laboratory and office space. Our lease for our San Carlos headquarters expires on December 31, 2025. We use our corporate headquarters primarily for corporate research, development, regulatory, manufacturing and quality functions. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our current needs. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time we may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that in the opinion of our management, if determined unfavorably to us, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can, among other things, be time consuming and expensive to resolve and divert management resources. 
 Item 4. Mine Safe ty Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 99 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stock holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information for Our Common Stock 
 Our common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol PCVX on June 12, 2020. 
 Holders 
 As of February 23, 2023, there were approximately 14 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not declared or paid any cash dividend on our common stock. We intend to retain any future earnings and do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Payment of cash dividends, if any, in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information about our equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate this information by reference therein, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing. 
 The following stock performance graph compares our cumulative total stock return relative to the cumulative total returns of the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index for the period from June 12, 2020 (the date our common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market) through December 31, 2022. The figures below assume an investment of 100 in our common stock at the closing price of 26.15 on June 12, 2020, the date of our IPO, and in each index on the same date and the reinvestment of the full amount of all dividends into shares of common stock; however, no dividends have been declared on our common 
 100 

stock to date. The stockholder returns shown on the graph below are based on historical results and are not indicative of future performance, and we do not make or endorse any predictions as to future stockholder returns. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 On December 19, 2022, we entered into an option grant agreement, or the Option Agreement, with Sutro Biopharma, Inc., or Sutro Biopharma. 
 As consideration for the Option and other rights and authorizations granted to us under the Option Agreement, we agreed to pay Sutro upfront consideration of 22.5 million, consisting of (i) 10.0 million in cash and 7.5 million in shares of our common stock (the number of shares to be calculated based on the arithmetic average of the daily volume weighted average price of our common stock as traded on Nasdaq (as reported by Bloomberg L.P., or if not reported therein, in another authoritative source mutually selected by the Parties) in the three consecutive trading days immediately prior to the issuance thereof). 
 On December 22, 2022, we issued 167,780 shares of our common stock to Sutro Biopharma as partial consideration under the Option Agreement, which were not initially registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and were offered pursuant to the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D thereunder. Pursuant to the Option Agreement, we subsequently filed a resale registration statement on December 22, 2022, covering the shares of our common stock issued. 
 Use of Proceeds from our Initial Public Offering of Common Stock 
 In June 2020, we closed our IPO of 17,968,750 shares of our common stock, including shares issued upon the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase 2,343,750 additional shares of common stock, at a public offering price of 16.00 per share. We received gross proceeds to us of 287.5 million. All of the shares issued and sold in our IPO were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-238630), which was declared effective by the SEC on June 11, 2020. BofA Securities, Inc., Jefferies LLC and Evercore Group L.L.C. acted as joint book-running managers for the offering. Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Needham Company, LLC acted as co-managers for the offering. Shares of our common stock began trading on 
 101 

the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 12, 2020 and, following the sale of all the shares upon the closing of the IPO, the offer terminated. The net proceeds to us, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 20.1 million and net offering expenses of 3.4 million, were 264.0 million. 
 No offering expenses were paid directly or indirectly to any of our directors or officers (or their associates) or persons owning ten percent or more of any class of our equity securities or to any other affiliates. 
 There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our IPO from those disclosed in the prospectus for our IPO dated as of June 11, 2020 and filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act on June 15, 2020. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None. 
 Item 6. [ Reserved] 
 102 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements based upon our current beliefs, plans and expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, such as statements regarding our plans, objectives, expectations, intentions and beliefs. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the section titled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should carefully read the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to gain an understanding of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Please also see the section titled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage vaccine innovation company engineering high-fidelity vaccines to protect humankind from the consequences of bacterial diseases. We are developing broad-spectrum conjugate and novel protein vaccines to prevent or treat bacterial infectious diseases. We are re-engineering the way highly complex vaccines are made through modern synthetic techniques, including advanced chemistry and the XpressCF cell-free protein synthesis platform, exclusively licensed from Sutro Biopharma, Inc., or Sutro Biopharma. Unlike conventional cell-based approaches, our system for producing difficult-to-make proteins and antigens is intended to accelerate our ability to efficiently create and deliver high-fidelity vaccines with enhanced immunological benefits. 
 
 Our pipeline includes: 
 Pneumococcal conjugate vaccine, or PCV, candidates that we believe are among the most broad-spectrum PCV candidates currently in development, targeting the approximately 7 billion global pneumococcal vaccine market. Pneumococcal disease is an infection caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae, or pneumococcus, bacteria. It can result in invasive pneumococcal disease, or IPD, including meningitis and bacteremia, and non-invasive pneumococcal disease, including pneumonia, otitis media and sinusitis. 

o Our lead vaccine candidate, VAX-24, is a 24-valent, broad-spectrum investigational PCV being developed for the prevention of IPD. VAX-24 is intended to improve upon the standard-of-care PCV vaccines for both children and adults by covering the serotypes that are responsible for most of the pneumococcal disease currently in circulation. 

VAX-24 Adult Program: On October 24, 2022, we announced positive topline results from both the Phase 1 and Phase 2 portions of a clinical proof-of-concept study evaluating the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of VAX-24 in 800 healthy adults aged 18-64. The Phase 1 portion of the study evaluated the safety and tolerability of a single injection of VAX-24 at three dose levels, 1.1mcg, 2.2mcg and 2.2mcg/4.4mcg, and compared to PCV20 in 64 healthy adults 18-49 years of age. The Phase 2 portion evaluated the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of a single injection of VAX-24 at the same three dose levels and compared to a single injection of Prevnar 20 , or PCV20, in 771 healthy adults 50-64 years of age. In this study, VAX-24 met the primary safety and tolerability objectives, demonstrating a safety profile similar to PCV20, for all doses studied. In this study, VAX-24 met or exceeded the established regulatory immunogenicity standards for all 24 serotypes at the conventional 2.2mcg dose, which we intend to move forward into a Phase 3 program. At this dose, VAX-24 met the standard opsonophagocytic activity, or OPA, response non-inferiority criteria for all 20 serotypes common with PCV20, of which 16 achieved higher immune responses. Additionally, at all three doses, VAX-24 met the standard superiority criteria for all four serotypes unique to VAX-24. VAX-24 has the potential to cover an additional 10-28 percent of strains causing IPD in adults over the current standard-of-care PCVs. We have a separate Phase 2 study in approximately 200 healthy adults aged 65 and older for which we have completed enrollment, and we anticipate announcing topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity results from this 

103 

study in the second quarter of 2023. We anticipate final results with the six-month safety data from both Phase 2 adult studies in the first half of 2023 and expect to hold regulatory interactions with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, in the second half of 2023 to inform the Phase 3 program. We expect topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity data from the Phase 3 pivotal, non-inferiority study in adults in 2025. The FDA has granted Fast Track and Breakthrough Therapy designations for VAX-24 in adults. 

VAX-24 Pediatric Program: For our VAX-24 pediatric program, in late February 2023, we announced that the FDA cleared the infant investigational new drug, or IND, application for the prevention of IPD in infants. We plan to initiate an infant Phase 2 study in the second quarter of 2023. We expect topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity data from the infant Phase 2 study primary three-dose immunization series by 2025. The study design will include a primary immunization series consisting of three doses followed by a subsequent booster dose. 

o Our second PCV candidate, VAX-31 (formerly VAX-XP), builds on what has been established with VAX-24 and is designed to expand the breadth of coverage to 31 strains without compromising immunogenicity due to carrier suppression. VAX-31 was designed to provide coverage for approximately 95 of IPD currently circulating in the U.S. population. We anticipate submitting an IND application to the FDA for VAX-31 in adults in the second half of 2023. We expect topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity data from a Phase 1/2 study in adults in 2024. 

VAX-A1, a novel conjugate vaccine candidate designed to prevent disease caused by Group A Streptococcus, or Group A Strep. Group A Strep is pervasive globally and causes 700 million cases of illness annually, including pharyngitis, or strep throat, and certain severe invasive infections such as sepsis, necrotizing fasciitis and toxic shock syndrome. There is currently no vaccine against Group A Strep, which is one of the leading infectious disease-related causes of death and disability worldwide and a significant contributor to the prescription of antibiotics in the very young. We believe we have demonstrated preclinical proof of concept for VAX-A1, the data for which were published in December 2020. We nominated the final vaccine candidate for VAX-A1 in the first quarter of 2021 and initiated IND-enabling activities in the second half of 2021. We continue to advance the development of VAX-A1 and we intend to provide further information about the anticipated timing of an IND application will be provided as the program progresses. 

VAX-PG, a novel protein vaccine candidate targeting the keystone pathogen responsible for periodontitis, a chronic oral inflammatory disease affecting an estimated 65 million adults in the United States. We believe we have generally demonstrated preclinical proof of concept for a periodontitis protein vaccine, the data for which was published in February 2019. We nominated a final vaccine candidate for VAX-PG in the fourth quarter of 2022 and we continue to progress the program. Our initial goal is to develop a therapeutic vaccine to slow or stop disease progression; however, the results from clinical trials may inform the potential adoption of prophylactic immunization. 

VAX-GI, a new vaccine program designed to prevent Shigella, a bacterial illness that affects an estimated 188 million people worldwide each year and results in approximately 164,000 deaths annually, mostly among children under five years of age in low- and middle-income settings. 

We have other discovery-stage programs that leverage our cell-free protein synthesis platform, which, if proven successful in preclinical studies, could also be advanced into IND-enabling activities and clinical studies. Since January 1, 2022, key developments affecting our business include the following: 

Dosed First Participants in both the Phase 1 and Phase 2 Portions of VAX-24 Phase 1/2 Clinical Proof-of-Concept Study in Adults: In February 2022, we announced that the first participants were dosed in the Phase 1 portion of the VAX-24 Phase 1/2 clinical study. This was followed by an announcement in April 2022 that the first participants had been dosed in the Phase 2 portion of this study. The initiation of the Phase 2 portion occurred after an independent Data 

104 

Monitoring Committee completed a prespecified review of initial Phase 1 safety and tolerability data and recommended that the study progress as planned. 

o The VAX-24 Phase 1/2 clinical proof-of-concept study was a randomized, observer-blind, dose-finding, controlled study designed to evaluate the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of VAX-24 in healthy adults (NCT05266456). 

o The Phase 1 portion of the study evaluated the safety and tolerability of a single injection of VAX-24 at three dose levels and compared to Prevnar 20 in 64 healthy adults 18 to 49 years of age. 

o The Phase 2 portion evaluated the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of a single injection of VAX-24 at three dose levels and compared to Prevnar 20 in 771 healthy adults 50 to 64 years of age. The prespecified immunogenicity endpoints of the Phase 2 portion of the study included an assessment of the induction of antibody responses, using opsonophagocytic activity, or OPA, and immunoglobulin G, or IgG, at each of the three VAX-24 doses and compared to Prevnar 20 and, for the additional four serotypes contained in VAX-24 and Pneumovax 23, but not in Prevnar 20 , the percentage of subjects that experienced a four-fold rise in antibody titers. 

o Participants in the study were evaluated for safety through six months after vaccination. 

Completed Successful 115 Million Follow-On Financing: In January 2022, we completed an underwritten public offering of 3,250,000 shares of our common stock, which included the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares, and pre-funded warrants to purchase 2,500,000 shares of common stock. The aggregate gross proceeds to us from the offering were 115.0 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses payable by us, and excluding the exercise of any pre-funded warrants. 

Completed Enrollment of Phase 2 Portion of VAX-24 Phase 1/2 Clinical Proof-of-Concept Study in Adults : In July 2022, we announced the completion of enrollment in the Phase 2 portion of the Phase 1/2 clinical proof-of-concept study. 

Initiated Separate VAX-24 Phase 2 Clinical Study in Adults 65 Years and Older: In July 2022, we announced that we dosed the first participants in a separate Phase 2 study in adults 65 years of age and older. This study is intended to further build the body of clinical evidence to support the potential of VAX-24 as the broadest-spectrum PCV in adults. 

o This VAX-24 Phase 2 clinical study (VAX-24 Study 102, NCT05297578) is a randomized, observer-blind, dose-finding, controlled study designed to evaluate the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of VAX-24 in approximately 200 healthy adults 65 years of age and older. 

o The study is evaluating the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of a single injection of VAX-24 at three dose levels and compared to a single injection of Prevnar 20 . The prespecified immunogenicity endpoints of the study include an assessment of the induction of antibody responses, using OPA and IgG, at each of the three VAX-24 doses and compared to Prevnar 20 and, for the additional four serotypes contained in VAX-24 and Pneumovax 23, but not in Prevnar 20 , the percentage of subjects that experience a four-fold rise in antibody titers. 

o Participants in the study are evaluated for safety through six months after vaccination. 

Completed Successful Pre-IND Meeting with FDA Regarding VAX-24 Pediatric Development Program: In July 2022, we successfully completed a pre-IND meeting with the FDA regarding the pediatric clinical program for VAX-24. We received positive written feedback from the FDA supporting the initiation of a pediatric study that proceeds directly into infants contingent on satisfactory topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity results from the ongoing VAX-24 Phase 1/2 clinical proof-of-concept study in adults 18 to 64 years of age. This approach provides us with an accelerated clinical path to deliver a potentially best-in-class PCV, VAX-24, to the 

105 

pediatric population, which represents the largest portion of the pneumococcal vaccine market in the United States. 

Received FDA Fast Track Designation for VAX-24 in Adults: In early August 2022, we announced that the FDA granted Fast Track designation to VAX-24 in adults ages 18 and older. The Fast Track designation is an FDA process that has been designed to facilitate the development and expedite the review of drugs, including vaccines, that treat or prevent serious conditions and fill an unmet medical need. 

Completed Enrollment of Phase 2 Study Evaluating Safety, Tolerability and Immunogenicity of VAX-24 in Adults 65 Years and Older: In September 2022, we announced the completion of enrollment in the Phase 2 portion of the ongoing VAX-24 Phase 1/2 clinical proof-of-concept study in adults 65 years and older. 

Announced Positive Topline Results from VAX-24 Phase 1/2 Clinical Proof-of-Concept Study in Adults 18-64 Years of Age: In October 2022, we announced positive topline results from the Phase 1/2 clinical proof-of-concept study evaluating the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of VAX-24 in healthy adults aged 18-64. In this study, VAX-24 met the primary safety and tolerability objectives, demonstrating a safety profile similar to PCV20 for all doses studied. The study also showed VAX-24 met or exceeded the established regulatory immunogenicity standards for all 24 serotypes at the conventional 2.2mcg dose, which we intend to move forward into a Phase 3 program. At this dose, VAX-24 met the standard opsonophagocytic activity response non-inferiority criteria for all 20 serotypes common with PCV20, of which 16 achieved higher immune responses. Additionally, at all three doses, VAX-24 met the standard superiority criteria for all four serotypes unique to VAX-24. VAX-24 has the potential to cover an additional 10-28 percent of strains causing IPD in adults over the current standard-of-care PCVs. 

Confirmed VAX-31 Serotype Composition: In October 2022, we unveiled the serotype composition for VAX-31, the follow-on vaccine in our carrier-sparing PCV franchise, which is designed to contain 31 serotypes that collectively cover approximately 95 of the circulating strains causing IPD in adults in the United States. 

Completed Successful 690 Million Follow-On Offering: In October 2022, we completed an underwritten public offering of 17,812,500 shares of our common stock, which included the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares, and pre-funded warrants to purchase 3,750,000 shares of common stock. The aggregate gross proceeds to us from the offering were 690.0 million, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses payable by us, and excluding the exercise of any pre-funded warrants. 

Entered into Option Grant Agreement with Sutro Biopharma for the Development and Manufacturing Rights of Cell-Free Extract: In December 2022, we and Sutro Biopharma, Inc., or Sutro Biopharma announced an option grant agreement pursuant to which we acquired from Sutro Biopharma an option to access expanded rights to develop and manufacture cell-free extract, among other rights. 

Received FDA Breakthrough Therapy Designation for VAX-24 for the Prevention of IPD in Adults: In January 2023, we announced that the FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy designation for VAX-24, for the prevention of IPD in adults. With Breakthrough Therapy designation, Vaxcyte will have access to all of the elements of the FDA s Fast Track program, as well as the ability to receive guidance and support from the FDA on an efficient drug development program and an organizational commitment from senior managers within the FDA. The FDA s decision was based on positive topline results from the Phase 1/2 proof-of-concept study of VAX-24 in adults 18-64 years of age. 

FDA Clearance of Investigational New Drug Application for VAX-24 for the Prevention of Invasive Pneumococcal Disease in Infants: In late February 2023, we announced that the FDA cleared the VAX-24 IND application for the prevention of IPD in infants. We plan to initiate the infant Phase 2 study in the second quarter of 2023, with topline safety, tolerability and immunogenicity data following the primary three-dose immunization series expected by 2025. 

106 

The study design will include a primary immunization series consisting of three doses followed by a subsequent booster dose. 

Announced new vaccine program VAX-GI: In late February 2023, we announced that we added a new vaccine program, VAX-GI, designed to prevent Shigella, a bacterial illness that affects an estimated 188 million people worldwide each year and results in approximately 164,000 deaths annually, mostly among children under five years of age in low- and middle-income settings. 

Since our inception in November 2013, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to performing research and development, undertaking preclinical studies, advancing our vaccine candidates through clinical trials and manufacturing activities in support of our product development efforts, acquiring and developing our technology and vaccine candidates, organizing and staffing our company, establishing our intellectual property portfolio and raising capital to support and expand such activities. We do not have any products approved for sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. To date, we have financed our operations primarily with proceeds from the sales of our common stock, pre-funded warrants to purchase our common stock and, prior to our initial public offering, or IPO, in June 2020, redeemable convertible preferred stock. We will continue to require additional capital to develop and commercialize our vaccine candidates and fund operations for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, until such time as we can generate significant revenue from sales of our vaccine candidates, if ever, we expect to finance our cash needs through public or private equity or debt financings, third-party (including government) funding and marketing and distribution arrangements, as well as other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements, or any combination of these approaches. 
 We have incurred net losses in each year since inception and expect to continue to incur net losses in the foreseeable future. Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, depending in large part on the timing of our preclinical studies, clinical trials and manufacturing activities, and our expenditures on other research and development activities. Our net losses were 223.5 million and 100.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 522.1 million and cash, cash equivalents and investments of 957.9 million, We believe our cash, cash equivalents and investments will be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through at least 12 months from the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We do not expect to generate any revenue from commercial product sales unless and until we successfully complete development and obtain regulatory approval for one or more of our vaccine candidates, which we expect will take a number of years. We expect our expenses will increase substantially in connection with our ongoing activities, as we: 
 advance our vaccine candidates through preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

require the scale-up of our manufacturing capabilities, in particular to prepare for our Phase 3 program for VAX-24; 

incur additional costs that may be required for secondary supply sources; 

require the manufacture of supplies for our clinical trials, in particular our clinical trials for our PCV candidates, VAX-24 and VAX-31; 

pursue regulatory approval of our vaccine candidates; 

establish additional manufacturing capacity to meet potential incremental supply requirements following the initial commercial launch of VAX-24; 

hire additional personnel; 

operate as a public company; 

107 

acquire, discover, validate and develop additional vaccine candidates; and 

obtain, maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio. 

We rely and will continue to rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials and for manufacturing and supply of our vaccine candidates. We have no internal manufacturing capabilities, and we will continue to rely on third parties, of which the main suppliers are single-source suppliers, for our preclinical and clinical trial materials. Given our stage of development, we do not yet have a marketing or sales organization or commercial infrastructure. Accordingly, if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our vaccine candidates, we also would expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution. 
 Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with vaccine development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when or if we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Even if we are able to generate revenue from the sale of our vaccines, we may not become profitable. If we fail to become profitable or are unable to sustain profitability on a continuing basis, then we may be unable to continue our operations at planned levels and may be forced to reduce our operations. 
 Certain Significant Relationships 
 Lonza 
 In October 2016, we entered into a non-exclusive development and manufacturing services agreement, as amended, with Lonza, or the 2016 Lonza DMSA, pursuant to which Lonza is obligated to perform manufacturing process development and the manufacture of components for VAX-24, including the polysaccharide antigens, our proprietary eCRM protein carrier and conjugated drug substances. 
 In June 2018, we entered into a letter agreement with Lonza, or the Lonza Letter Agreement, pursuant to which we agreed to certain terms for potential future payments in shares of our common stock as partial satisfaction of future obligations to Lonza. The Lonza Letter Agreement states that the initial pre-IND cash payments under the 2016 Lonza DMSA would be subject to a specified dollar cap, or the Initial Cash Cap. After the Initial Cash Cap has been reached, we would have the option to make any further pre-IND payments owed to Lonza in cash, in shares of our common stock at then market prevailing prices, or a combination of both, at our election. In April 2021, we reached the Initial Cash Cap and notified Lonza that we would be exercising our option to issue approximately 10.0 million in shares of our common stock as payment for a portion of pre-IND payments due April 30, 2021. In June 2021, we issued 399,680 shares of our common stock to Lonza at a price of 25.02 per share to pay for 10.0 million of the pre-IND payments due April 30, 2021. 
 In October 2018, we entered into a second non-exclusive development and manufacturing services agreement with Lonza, or the 2018 Lonza DMSA, pursuant to which Lonza is obligated to perform services including manufacturing process development and the manufacture and supply of VAX-24 finished drug product. 
 In April 2022, we entered into a third non-exclusive development and manufacturing services agreement with Lonza, as amended, or the 2022 Lonza DMSA, effective as of March 22, 2022. Pursuant to the 2022 Lonza DMSA, Lonza will perform manufacturing process development and clinical manufacture and supply of our proprietary PCV. 
 Under each of the 2016 Lonza DMSA, 2018 Lonza DMSA and 2022 Lonza DMSA, collectively the Lonza Agreements, we will pay Lonza agreed-upon fees for its performance of development and manufacturing services and pass through expenses incurred by Lonza for raw materials, as well as customary procurement and handling fees. Under each Lonza Agreement, we will own all right, title and interest in and to any and all New Customer Intellectual Property (as defined in each Lonza Agreement), and Lonza shall own all right, title and interest in New General Application Intellectual Property (as defined in each Lonza Agreement). Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Lonza Agreements, Lonza granted us a non-exclusive, world-wide, fully paid-up, irrevocable, transferable license, including the right to grant sublicenses, under the New General Application 
 108 

Intellectual Property (as defined in each Lonza Agreement), to research, develop, make, have made, use, sell and import the Product (as defined in each Lonza Agreement) manufactured under each Lonza Agreement. 
 Unless earlier terminated, each Lonza Agreement will remain in place for a period of five years and includes customary conditions for termination prior to that period. The 2016 Lonza DMSA has been amended to extended its term until March 31, 2023. 
 For additional details regarding our relationship with Lonza, see Note 6, Commitments and Contingencies, to our financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Sutro Biopharma 
 Sutro Biopharma is a clinical stage, publicly traded drug discovery, development and manufacturing company using precise protein engineering and rational design (enabled by Sutro Biopharma s proprietary XpressCF platform technology) to advance next-generation oncology therapeutics. Following our corporate formation, we acquired an exclusive license to Sutro Biopharma s proprietary cell-free protein synthesis platform, XpressCF, for the discovery, development and sale of vaccines for the treatment or prevention of infectious diseases, excluding cancer vaccines. Under a related supply agreement with Sutro Biopharma, we have an exclusive relationship in our field to buy extract and certain custom reagents for use in manufacturing the vaccine compositions covered by the exclusive license, which we use to produce our protein carriers and certain of our antigens. Under a separate agreement with Sutro Biopharma, we enhanced our rights with respect to access to a second supplier of extract and acquired an option to access expanded rights to develop and manufacture extract, among other rights. 
 Amended and Restated License Agreement with Sutro Biopharma 
 We are party to a license agreement with Sutro Biopharma, or the Sutro Biopharma License Agreement, on August 1, 2014. The Sutro Biopharma License Agreement was amended on October 12, 2015 and again on May 9, 2018 and May 29, 2018. Under the Sutro Biopharma License Agreement, we received an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-bearing, sublicensable license under Sutro Biopharma s patents and know-how relating to cell-free expression of proteins to (i) research, develop, use, sell, offer for sale, export, import and otherwise exploit specified vaccine compositions, such rights being sublicensable, for the treatment or prophylaxis of infectious diseases, excluding cancer vaccines, and (ii) manufacture, or have manufactured by an approved contract manufacturing organization, such vaccine compositions from extracts supplied by Sutro Biopharma pursuant to the Sutro Biopharma Supply Agreement (as described below). We are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize the vaccine compositions. In consideration of the rights granted under the Sutro Biopharma License Agreement, we are obligated to pay Sutro Biopharma a 4 royalty on worldwide aggregate annual net sales of our vaccine products for human health and a 2 royalty on such net sales of vaccine products for animal health. Such royalty rates are subject to specified reductions, including standard reductions for third-party payments and for expiration of relevant patent claims. We are also obligated to pay Sutro Biopharma any royalties due to Stanford University (the upstream licensor of Sutro Biopharma), to the extent the royalties payable by Sutro Biopharma to Stanford University are greater than the royalties payable by us to Sutro Biopharma. Royalties are payable on a vaccine composition-by-vaccine composition and country-by-country basis until the later of expiration of the last valid claim in the licensed patents covering such vaccine composition in such country and ten years after the first commercial sale of such vaccine composition. The latest expiration date of a licensed Sutro Biopharma patent application, if issued, would be 2036, subject to any adjustment or extension of patent term that may be available in a particular country. In addition, we are obligated to pay Sutro Biopharma a percentage of net sublicensing revenue received in the low teen percentages. In addition, in the event we sublicense our non-manufacturing rights under the Sutro Biopharma License Agreement before a specified date, we are obligated to pay Sutro Biopharma a percentage, in the low double-digits, of the sublicensing revenue we receive under such agreement. 
 The Sutro Biopharma License Agreement will remain in effect until terminated. The agreement may be terminated by either party for the other party s material breach uncured within 60 days notice, by us at will with 60 
 109 

days notice, or by Sutro Biopharma if we challenge Sutro Biopharma s patents or if we undergo a change of control with a specified competitor of Sutro Biopharma. 
 Supply Agreement with Sutro Biopharma 
 In May 2018, we entered into a supply agreement, or the Sutro Biopharma Supply Agreement, with Sutro Biopharma pursuant to which we purchase from Sutro Biopharma extract and custom reagents for use in manufacturing non-clinical and certain clinical supply of vaccine compositions utilizing the technology licensed under the Sutro Biopharma License at prices not to exceed a specified percentage above Sutro Biopharma s fully burdened manufacturing cost. If any extracts or custom reagents do not meet the specifications and warranties provided, then we will not have an obligation to pay for the non-conforming product, and Sutro Biopharma will be obligated to replace the non-conforming product within the shortest possible time with conforming product at our cost. The term of the Sutro Biopharma Supply Agreement is from execution until the later of July 31, 2022 and the date the parties enter into and commence activities under the supply agreement unless extended through a subsequent supply agreement for the supply of extract and custom reagents for vaccine compositions for Phase 3 and commercial uses as contemplated in the Sutro Biopharma Supply Agreement. The Sutro Biopharma Supply Agreement may be terminated by either party for the other party s material breach uncured within 60 days notice, by us at will with 60 days notice, or by mutual agreement of the parties. In December 2019, we exercised our right to require Sutro Biopharma to establish a second supplier for extract and custom reagents to support our anticipated clinical and commercial needs. 
 Option Agreement with Sutro Biopharma 
 In December 2022, we entered into an option grant agreement with Sutro Biopharma, or the Option Agreement. Pursuant to the Option Agreement, we acquired from Sutro Biopharma (i) authorization to enter into an agreement with an independent alternate CMO to directly source Sutro Biopharma s cell-free extract, allowing us to have direct oversight over financial and operational aspects of the relationship with the CMO; and (ii) a right, but not an obligation, to obtain certain exclusive rights to internally manufacture and/or source extract from certain CMOs and the right to independently develop and make improvements to extract (including the right to make improvements to the extract manufacturing process as well as cell lines) for use in connection with the exploitation of certain vaccine compositions, or the Option. We and Sutro Biopharma have agreed to negotiate the terms and conditions of a form definitive agreement to be entered into in the event we exercise the Option, which shall include the terms and conditions set forth in an executed term sheet between us, or the Term Sheet, and such terms that are necessary to give effect to each of the terms and conditions set forth in the Term Sheet, or the Form Definitive Agreement. The Option period is five years from the date of the Option Agreement, subject to potential acceleration in the event we undergo a change of control. 
 As consideration for the Option and other rights and authorizations granted to us under the Option Agreement, we agreed to pay Sutro Biopharma upfront consideration of 22.5 million, consisting of (i) 10.0 million in cash and 7.5 million worth of shares of our common stock (the number of shares to be calculated based on the arithmetic average of the daily volume weighted average price of our common stock as traded on Nasdaq in the three consecutive trading days immediately prior to the issuance thereof), and (ii) 5.0 million payable within five business days after we and Sutro Biopharma mutually agree in writing upon the Form Definitive Agreement. The 167,780 shares of common stock issued was recorded at fair value of 8.0 million on the date of settlement, December 22, 2022. In the event that we elect to exercise the Option, we would pay Sutro Biopharma an aggregate Option exercise price of 75.0 million in cash in two installments and, upon the occurrence of certain regulatory 
 110 

milestones, certain additional milestone payments totaling up to 60.0 million in cash. In the event that we undergo a change of control, certain rights and payments may be accelerated. 
 For additional details regarding our relationship with Sutro Biopharma, see Note 6, Commitments and Contingencies, and Note 15, Related Party Transactions, to our financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Impact of COVID-19 and Other Trends 
 We are continuing to closely monitor the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic on our business. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic slowed raw material supply chains and travel restrictions delayed the qualification of key analytical equipment used in manufacturing and curtailed in-person CMO oversight of manufacturing, affecting our manufacturing processes. As the pandemic continues, we could see an additional impact on our ability to advance our programs, obtain supplies from our contract manufacturers or interact with regulators, ethics committees or other important agencies due to limitations in regulatory authority, employee resources or otherwise. In any event, if the COVID-19 pandemic continues and persists for an extended period of time, we could experience significant disruptions to our development timelines, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 Additionally, the recent trends towards rising inflation may also materially adversely affect our business and corresponding financial position and cash flows. Inflationary factors, such as increases in the cost of our clinical trial materials and supplies, interest rates and overhead costs may adversely affect our operating results. Rising interest and inflation rates also present a recent challenge impacting the U.S. economy and could make it more difficult for us to obtain traditional financing on acceptable terms, if at all, in the future. Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date, we may experience increases in the near future (especially if inflation rates continue to rise) on our operating costs, including our labor costs and research and development costs, due to supply chain constraints, consequences associated with COVID-19 and the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and employee availability and wage increases, which may result in additional stress on our working capital resources. 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses represent costs incurred in performing research, development and manufacturing activities in support of our own product development efforts and include personnel-related costs (including salaries, employee benefits and stock-based compensation) for our personnel in research and development functions; costs related to acquiring, developing and manufacturing supplies for preclinical studies, clinical trials and other studies, including fees paid to CMOs; costs and expenses related to agreements with contract research organizations, or CROs, investigative sites and consultants to conduct non-clinical and preclinical studies and clinical trials; professional and consulting services costs; research and development consumables costs; laboratory supplies and equipment costs; and facility and other allocated costs. 
 Research and development expenses are expensed as incurred. Non-refundable advance payments for services that will be used or rendered for future research and development activities are recorded as prepaid expenses and recognized as expenses as the related services are performed. We do not allocate our costs by vaccine candidates, as our vaccine candidates are at an early stage of development and our research and development expenses include internal costs, such as payroll and other personnel expenses, which are not tracked by vaccine candidate. In particular, with respect to internal costs, several of our departments support multiple vaccine candidate research and development programs. 
 111 

We expect our research and development expenses to increase substantially in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future as we advance our vaccine candidates into and through preclinical studies and clinical trials, scale up our manufacturing activities, establish additional manufacturing capacity to meet potential incremental supply requirements following the initial commercial launch of VAX-24, pursue regulatory approval of our vaccine candidates and expand our pipeline of vaccine candidates. The process of conducting the necessary preclinical and clinical research and completing the manufacturing requirements to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time-consuming. The actual probability of success for our vaccine candidates may be affected by a variety of factors, including the safety and efficacy or immunogenicity of our vaccine candidates, clinical data, investment in our clinical programs, competition, manufacturing capabilities and commercial viability. We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval for any of our vaccine candidates. As a result of the uncertainties discussed above, we are unable to determine the duration and completion costs of our research and development projects or if, when and to what extent we will generate revenue from the commercialization and sale of our vaccine candidates. 
 We accrue for costs related to research and development activities based on our estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to quotes and contracts with vendors, including CMOs and CROs, that conduct research, development and manufacturing activities on our behalf. The financial terms of these agreements are subject to negotiation, vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flows. There may be instances in which payments made to our vendors exceed the level of services provided and result in a prepayment of the research and development expense. Advance payments for goods and services to be used in future research and development activities are expensed when the activity has been performed or when the goods have been received. We make significant judgments and estimates in determining accrued research and development liabilities as of each reporting period based on the estimated time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort to be expended. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from our estimate, we adjust the accrual or prepaid expense accordingly. 
 Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, if our estimates of the status and timing of services performed differ from the actual status and timing of services performed, it could result in us reporting amounts that are too high or too low in any particular period. 
 Our research and development costs may vary significantly based on factors such as: 
 the costs and timing of our chemistry, manufacturing and controls, or CMC, activities, including fulfilling good manufacturing practice, or GMP, related standards and compliance, and identifying and qualifying second suppliers; 

the costs related to raw materials estimates from our third-party manufacturing and supply partners; 

the cost of clinical trials of our vaccine candidates being greater than we anticipate; 

changes in the standard of care on which a clinical development plan was based, which may require new or additional trials; 

the number of sites included in the trials; 

the countries in which the trials are conducted; 

delays in adding a sufficient number of trial sites and recruiting suitable volunteers to participate in our clinical trials; 

the number of subjects that participate in the trials; 

the number of doses that subjects receive; 

subjects dropping out of a study or lost in follow-up; 

112 

potential additional safety monitoring requested by regulatory agencies; 

the duration of subject participation in the trials and follow-up; 

the cost and timing of manufacturing our vaccine candidates; 

the phase of development of our vaccine candidates; 

the costs of establishing additional manufacturing capacity to meet potential incremental supply requirements following the initial commercial launch of VAX-24; 

the costs that may be required for secondary supply sources; and 

the efficacy and safety profile of our vaccine candidates. 

General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of costs and expenses related to personnel (including salaries, employee benefits and stock-based compensation) in our executive, legal, finance and accounting, human resources and other administrative functions; legal services relating to intellectual property and corporate matters; accounting, auditing, consulting and tax services; insurance; and facility and other allocated costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses. We expect our general and administrative expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars for the foreseeable future as we increase our headcount and expand our services to support our continued research and development activities and grow our business. We expect continued increases in general and administrative expenses related to compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), insurance expenses, investor relations and corporate communications activities and other administrative and professional services. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net includes interest income earned from our cash and cash equivalents, grant income, foreign currency transaction gains (losses) related to our Swiss Franc and Euro cash and liability balances, loss on disposals of fixed assets and interest expense. 
 Grant Income 
 In July 2019, we received a cost-reimbursement research award from Combating Antibiotic Resistant Bacteria Biopharmaceutical Accelerator, or CARB-X, a public-private partnership funded under a Cooperative Agreement from Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response/Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority and by awards from Wellcome Trust, Germany s Federal Ministry of Education and Research, the United Kingdom Global Antimicrobial Resistance Innovation Fund and the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation. In connection with this funding, we entered into a cost-reimbursement sub-award agreement with the Trustees of Boston University, the administrator of the program, or the CARB-X agreement. CARB-X has awarded us total funding to date of 6.6 million, with potential funding of up to 29.7 million upon the achievement of future VAX-A1 development milestones. In January 2022, CARB-X revised the parameters for the contribution of CARB-X funding and implemented maximum funding levels for all grant recipients. As a result, our total funding available upon achievement of development milestones through Phase 1 human clinical trials was revised from 29.7 million to 14.6 million (inclusive of the 6.6 million awarded to date). Separately, the National Institute of Health, or NIH, awarded us up to 0.5 million in April 2021 to advance the development of a vaccine against Shigella infection. Grant income pursuant to our award agreements is recognized as we incur and pay qualifying expenses over the periods of the awards. We recognized 1.9 million, 1.6 million and 2.5 million in grant income for funding research and development under these awards during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Grant income is included as a component of Other income (expense), net in the statements of operations. 
 113 

Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

169,451 

78,411 

91,040 

116.1 

Acquired manufacturing rights 

22,995 

- 

22,995 

100.0 

General and administrative 

39,810 

25,259 

14,551 

57.6 

Total operating expenses 

232,256 

103,670 

128,586 

124.0 

Loss from operations 

(232,256) 

(103,670) 

(128,586) 

124.0 

Other income (expense), net: 

Interest expense 

(2) 

(7) 

5 

(71.4) 

Interest income 

8,356 

344 

8,012 

Grant income 

1,931 

1,585 

346 

21.8 

Realized gain on marketable securities 

2 

(2) 

(100.0) 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

(44) 

(44) 

100.0 

Foreign currency transaction gain (loss) 

(1,470) 

1,669 

(3,139) 

(188.1) 

Total other income (expense), net 

8,771 

3,593 

5,178 

144.1 

Net loss 

(223,485) 

(100,077) 

(123,408) 

123.3 

not meaningful 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 The following table summarizes our research and development expenses for the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2022 

2021 

Product and clinical development (1) 

80,869 

37,215 

43,654 

117.3 

Personnel-related 

33,776 

17,476 

16,300 

93.3 

Professional and consulting services 

5,811 

4,351 

1,460 

33.6 

Research and development consumables 

23,533 

6,848 

16,685 

243.6 

Facility related and other allocated 

17,243 

8,098 

9,145 

112.9 

Laboratory supplies and equipment 

5,498 

3,421 

2,077 

60.7 

Other (2) 

2,721 

1,002 

1,719 

171.6 

Total research and development expenses 

169,451 

78,411 

91,040 

116.1 

(1) Includes expenses for third-party manufacturing and outsourced contract services, including preclinical studies, clinical trials and outsourced assays. 

(2) Includes travel-related expenses and other miscellaneous office expenses. 

Research and development expenses increased by 91.0 million, or 116.1 , in 2022 compared to 2021. The increases of 43.7 million in product and clinical development expenses and 2.1 million in laboratory supplies and equipment were primarily due to increased VAX-31 IND readiness activities, increased VAX-24 Phase 3 readiness activities, the initiation of the VAX-24 Phase 1/2 clinical proof-of-concept study in adults 18-64 years of age and the initiation of the VAX-24 Phase 2 clinical study in adults 65 years and older, partially offset by a decrease in VAX-24 IND readiness activities as the IND application for our VAX-24 adult program was submitted in late 2021. The increase of 16.7 million in research and development consumables was primarily related to costs incurred for extract and reagents for VAX-24 Phase 3 readiness and commercial preparation activities. The increase 
 114 

of 16.3 million in personnel-related expenses was primarily due to growth in the number of employees in our research and development functions and higher compensation costs, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense. The increase of 9.1 million in facility related and other allocated expenses was primarily due to an increase in lease expense related to our current corporate headquarters. 
 Acquired Manufacturing Rights 
 In December 2022, we entered into the Option Agreement with Sutro Biopharma pursuant to which we acquired, among other things, the Option. As consideration for the Option and other rights and authorizations granted to us under the Option Agreement, we paid Sutro Biopharma upfront consideration. As of December 31, 2022, we have determined there is no current alternative future use of the acquired manufacturing rights paid and accrued for the Option as of December 31, 2022. We have classified such costs incurred in entering the Option Agreement as Acquired Manufacturing Rights on the accompanying statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 14.6 million, or 57.6 , in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was mainly due to increases of 11.5 million in personnel-related costs related to growth in the number of employees in our general and administrative functions and higher compensation costs, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense and 2.9 million in professional and consulting services. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net increased by 5.2 million, or 144.1 , in 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was mainly due to an increase of 8.0 million in interest income resulting from higher cash balances generated from our follow-on financings in the first and fourth quarters of 2022 and our ATM program during the year and higher interest rates. This was partially offset by an increase in foreign currency losses due to the appreciation of the U.S dollar against the Swiss Franc and Euro. 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2021 

2020 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

78,411 

73,564 

4,847 

6.6 

General and administrative 

25,259 

16,017 

9,242 

57.7 

Total operating expenses 

103,670 

89,581 

14,089 

15.7 

Loss from operations 

(103,670) 

(89,581) 

(14,089) 

15.7 

Other income (expense), net: 

Interest expense 

(7) 

(7) 

Interest income 

344 

244 

100 

41.0 

Grant income 

1,585 

2,478 

(893) 

(36.0) 

Realized gain on marketable securities 

2 

2 

100.0 

Foreign currency transaction gain (loss) 

1,669 

(2,351) 

4,020 

(171.0) 

Total other income (expense), net 

3,593 

364 

3,229 

887.1 

Net loss 

(100,077) 

(89,217) 

(10,860) 

12.2 

115 

Research and Development Expenses 
 The following table summarizes our research and development expenses for the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Change 

2021 

2020 

Product and clinical development (1) 

37,215 

51,072 

(13,857) 

(27.1) 

Personnel-related 

17,476 

9,943 

7,533 

75.8 

Professional and consulting services 

4,351 

4,184 

167 

4.0 

Research and development consumables 

6,848 

2,288 

4,560 

199.3 

Facility related and other allocated 

8,098 

2,957 

5,141 

173.9 

Laboratory supplies and equipment 

3,421 

2,032 

1,389 

68.4 

Other (2) 

1,002 

1,088 

(86) 

(7.9) 

Total research and development expenses 

78,411 

73,564 

4,847 

6.6 

(1) Includes expenses for third-party manufacturing and outsourced contract services, including preclinical studies and outsourced assays. 

(2) Includes travel-related expenses, other miscellaneous office expenses and warrant expense. 

Research and development expenses increased by 4.8 million, or, 6.6 in 2021 compared to 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to increases in (i) personnel-related expenses of 7.5 million related to the increase in the number of employees to support our research and development activities and higher stock-based compensation expense, (ii) facility related and other allocated expenses of 5.1 million resulting from increases in rent and lease expense as well as expenses allocated to research and development, (iii) research and development consumables of 4.6 million related to higher critical raw materials expenses and (iv) laboratory supplies and equipment expenses of 1.4 million mainly related to our VAX-24 and VAX-A1 programs. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of 13.9 million in product and clinical development expenses, which represented the net impact of a decrease in outsourced manufacturing expenses related to our VAX-24 program and an increase in such expenses related to our VAX-31 program. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 9.2 million, or, 57.7 in 2021 compared to 2020. The increase was mainly due to increases of 7.0 million in personnel-related costs related to higher stock-based compensation expense resulting from an increase in the number of options granted during the year and growth in the number of employees in our general and administrative functions, 1.3 million in professional and consulting services related primarily to compliance activities under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and technology infrastructure enhancements and 1.1 million in directors and officers insurance expense as a result of operating as a public company. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net increased by 3.2 million, or, 887.1 in 2021 compared to 2020. The increase was mainly due to an increase of 4.0 million in foreign currency gains resulting from the appreciation of the U.S. Dollar against the Swiss Franc in 2021 compared to 2020, partially offset by a decrease of 0.9 million in grant income for the CARB-X program. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 From inception through December 31, 2022, we have incurred losses and negative cash flows from operations and have funded our operations primarily through the issuance of common stock, pre-funded warrants to purchase our common stock and, prior to our IPO, redeemable convertible preferred stock, totaling approximately 1.49 billion in aggregate gross proceeds and 1.42 billion net of underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. As of December 31, 2022, we had 834.7 million of cash and cash equivalents, 123.2 million in investments and an accumulated deficit of 522.1 million. 
 116 

On July 2, 2021, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3ASR, or the Shelf Registration Statement, under which we may, from time to time, sell securities in one or more offerings of our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities or warrants. The Shelf Registration Statement became automatically effective upon the filing of the Form S-3ASR on July 2, 2021. 
 In July 2021, we entered into an Open Market Sales Agreement SM, or the ATM Sales Agreement, with Jefferies LLC, which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in the ATM Sales Agreement, we may elect to issue and sell, from time to time, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 150.0 million through Jefferies acting as our sales agent or principal. Under the ATM Sales Agreement, Jefferies may sell the shares of common stock by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at-the-market offering as defined under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in block transactions or in privately-negotiated transactions with our consent. Jefferies will use commercially reasonable efforts to sell the shares of common stock subject to the ATM Sales Agreement from time to time, based upon our instructions (including any price, time or size limits or other customary parameters or conditions that we may impose). We will pay Jefferies a commission of up to 3.0 of the gross sales proceeds of any common stock sold through Jefferies under the ATM Sales Agreement; however, we are not obligated to make any sales of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, we have sold 4,488,573 shares of our common stock under the ATM Sales Agreement at an average price of 25.56 per share for aggregate gross proceeds of 114.7 million 111.2 million net of commissions and offering expenses). 
 In January 2022, we completed an underwritten public offering in which we issued 2,500,000 shares of common stock at a price of 20.00 per share and pre-funded warrants to purchase 2,500,000 shares of our common stock at a price of 19.999 per underlying share. In February 2022, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional 750,000 shares of common stock. In aggregate, we received approximately 107.6 million in net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable by us, and excluding the exercise of any pre-funded warrants. 
 In October 2022, we completed an underwritten public offering of 17,812,500 shares of our common stock, which included the full exercise of the underwriters' option to purchase an additional 2,812,500 shares, at a price of 32.00 per share and pre-funded warrants to purchase 3,750,000 shares of our common stock at a price of 31.999 per underlying share. In aggregate, we received 651.6 million in net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable by us, and excluding the exercise of any pre-funded warrants. 
 Future Funding Requirements 
 Our primary uses of cash are to fund our operations, which consist primarily of research and development expenditures related to our programs and, to a lesser extent, general and administrative expenditures. We anticipate that we will continue to incur significant expenses for the foreseeable future as we continue to advance our vaccine candidates, expand our corporate infrastructure, including the costs associated with being a public company, further our research and development initiatives for our vaccine candidates and scale our laboratory and manufacturing operations. We are subject to all of the risks typically related to the development of new drug candidates, and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. We anticipate that we will need substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. 
 We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K will be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through at least 12 months from the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have raised substantial capital, however, we will need to raise substantial additional capital to complete development and commercialization of our drug candidates. Until we can generate sufficient revenue from the commercialization of our vaccine candidates or from collaboration agreements with third parties, if ever, we expect to finance our future cash needs through public or private equity or debt financings, third-party (including government) funding and marketing and distribution arrangements, as well as other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements, or any combination of these approaches. The sale of equity, pre-funded warrants or convertible debt securities may result in dilution to our 
 117 

stockholders and, in the case of preferred equity securities or convertible debt, those securities could provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of our common stock. Debt financings may subject us to covenant limitations or restrictions on our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. Our ability to raise additional funds may be adversely impacted by deteriorating global economic conditions, including higher inflation rates and changes in interest rates, and the recent disruptions to and volatility in the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in acquiring additional funding at levels sufficient to fund our operations or on terms favorable or acceptable to us. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing when needed or on terms favorable or acceptable to us, we may be forced to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of our research and development programs. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the timing, scope, progress, results and costs of research and development, testing, screening, manufacturing, preclinical development and clinical trials; 

the costs of establishing additional manufacturing capacity to meet potential incremental supply requirements following the initial commercial launch of VAX-24; 

our exercise of the Option with Sutro Biopharma; 

the outcome, timing and cost of seeking and obtaining regulatory approvals from the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including the potential for such authorities to require that we perform field efficacy studies for our PCV candidates, require more studies than those that we currently expect or change their requirements regarding the data required to support a marketing application; 

the cost of building a sales force in anticipation of any product commercialization; 

the costs of future commercialization activities, including product manufacturing, marketing, sales, royalties and distribution, for any of our vaccine candidates for which we receive marketing approval; 

our ability to maintain existing, and establish new, strategic collaborations, licensing or other arrangements and the financial terms of any such agreements, including the timing and amount of any future milestone, royalty or other payments due under any such agreement; 

any product liability or other lawsuits related to our products; 

the revenue, if any, received from commercial sales, or sales to foreign governments, of our vaccine candidates for which we may receive marketing approval; 

the costs to establish, maintain, expand, enforce and defend the scope of our intellectual property portfolio, including the amount and timing of any payments we may be required to make, or that we 

118 

may receive, in connection with licensing, preparing, filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing our patents or other intellectual property rights; 

expenses needed to attract, hire and retain skilled personnel; 

the costs of operating as a public company; and 

the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which may exacerbate the magnitude of the factors discussed above. 

A change in the outcome of any of these or other variables could significantly change the costs and timing associated with the development of our vaccine candidates. Furthermore, our operating plans may change in the future, and we may need additional funds to meet operational needs and capital requirements associated with such change. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(170,597) 

(121,393) 

(46,628) 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

74,585 

(212,308) 

(1,105) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

861,547 

17,796 

374,870 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

137 

(439) 

87 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

765,672 

(316,344) 

327,224 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 170.6 million, which primarily resulted from a net loss of 223.5 million, partially offset by non-cash charges of 40.2 million and a net change in operating assets and liabilities of 12.7 million. Non-cash charges primarily consisted of 23.7 million in stock-based compensation, 8.0 million in non-cash payments for the acquired manufacturing rights, 6.6 million in amortization of right-of-use, or ROU, assets and 2.6 million in depreciation and amortization. The net change in operating assets and liabilities of 12.7 million was primarily due to increases in cash flows from accrued expenses of 7.2 million, accrued payable of 2.9 million and accrued manufacturing expenses of 3.8 million, partially offset by a decrease in cash flows from accrued compensation of 2.3 million. 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 121.4 million, which primarily resulted from a net loss of 100.1 million and a net change in operating assets and liabilities of 37.0 million, partially offset by non-cash charges of 15.7 million. The net change in operating assets and liabilities of 37.0 million was primarily due to decreases in cash flows due to operating lease liabilities of 12.9 million resulting from leasehold improvements costs applied against such liabilities upon the commencement of our San Carlos office lease in December 2021; accounts payable of 12.5 million resulting primarily from the payment of deferred Lonza payables in December 2021; accrued manufacturing expenses of 8.6 million resulting from timing of payments; and prepaid and other current assets of 7.4 million related to a receivable for reimbursement of tenant improvement allowance and prepayments on various contracts, including repairs and maintenance, production of critical raw materials, research and clinical trial preparation. These changes were partially offset by increases in cash flows due to accrued expenses of 4.6 million primarily related to costs associated with the manufacture of extract in connection with our relationship with Sutro Biopharma. Non-cash charges consisted of 10.7 million in stock-based compensation expense, 1.8 million in depreciation and amortization, 1.7 million in amortization of operating lease ROU assets and 1.4 million in net amortization of premiums on investments. 
 119 

Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2020 was 46.6 million, which primarily resulted from a net loss of 89.2 million, partially offset by a net change in operating assets and liabilities of 35.3 million and non-cash charges of 7.3 million. The net change in operating assets and liabilities of 35.3 million was primarily due to increases in accounts payable of 26.1 million resulting from the deferral of completion payments until April 2021 in accordance with our contract with Lonza, accrued manufacturing expenses of 7.2 million related to outsourced manufacturing activities and accrued expenses of 2.2 million related primarily to increases in contract research services related to the VAX-24 program. Non-cash charges primarily consisted of 5.4 million in stock-based compensation expense, 1.4 million in depreciation and amortization and 0.3 million in asset impairment charges. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Cash from investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 74.6 million, which related primarily to 168.7 million in maturities of investments and 14.5 million in sales of investments, partially offset by 102.7 million in purchases of investments and 5.8 million in purchases of lab equipment and furniture and fixtures. 
 Cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 212.3 million, which related primarily to 336.3 million in purchases of investments and 6.6 million in purchases of lab equipment and furniture and fixtures, partially offset by 100.5 million in maturities of investments and 30.1 million in sales of investments. 
 Cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2020 was 1.1 million which related primarily to purchases of lab equipment and leasehold improvements. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 861.5 million, which primarily consisted of net proceeds from the follow-on offerings in the first and fourth quarters of 2022 of 759.2 million, net proceeds from shares issued under our ATM Sales Agreement of 97.3 million and proceeds from exercises of common stock options of 4.9 million. 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 17.8 million, which primarily consisted of net proceeds from shares issued under our ATM Sales Agreement of 13.9 million and proceeds from exercises of common stock options of 3.0 million. 
 Cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2020 was 374.9 million, which primarily consisted of net proceeds of 264.0 million from our IPO and 109.9 million from the issuance of our Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Our material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations. 
 
 Leases 
 
 We have operating lease agreements for our office spaces. As of December 31, 2022, we had lease payment obligations totaling 20.6 million, of which 6.7 million is payable within one year. 
 
 Option Agreement 
 
 Pursuant to the Option Agreement, we and Sutro Biopharma have agreed to negotiate the terms and conditions of the Form Definitive Agreement. Within five business days after we and Sutro Biopharma mutually 
 120 

agree in writing upon the Form Definitive Agreement, we have agreed to pay Sutro Biopharma 5.0 million. Additionally, in the event that we elect to exercise the Option, we would pay Sutro Biopharma an aggregate Option exercise price of 75.0 million in cash in two installments and, upon the occurrence of certain regulatory milestones, certain additional milestone payments totaling up to 60.0 million in cash. In the event that we undergo a change of control, certain rights and payments may be accelerated. 
 
 Purchase Obligations 
 We have certain payment obligations under various license agreements. Under these agreements, we are required to make milestone payments upon successful completion and achievement of certain intellectual property, clinical, regulatory and sales milestones. The payment obligations under the license agreements are contingent upon future events such as our achievement of specified development, clinical, regulatory and commercial milestones, and we will be required to make development milestone payments and royalty payments in connection with the sale of products developed under these agreements. As the achievement and timing of these future milestone payments are not probable or estimable, such amounts have not been included in our balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 We enter into agreements in the normal course of business with CMOs and other vendors for manufacturing services and raw materials purchases. We rely on several third-party manufacturers for our manufacturing requirements. As of December 31, 2022, we had the following amounts of non-cancelable purchase commitments related to manufacturing services and raw materials purchased due to our key manufacturing partners. These amounts represent our minimum contractual obligations, including termination fees. If we terminate certain firm orders with our key manufacturing partners, we will be required to pay for the manufacturing services scheduled or raw materials purchased under our arrangements. The actual amounts we pay in the future to the vendors under such agreements may differ from the purchase order amounts. 

Years ending December 31, 
 (in thousands) 

2023 
 
 123,099 

2024 
 
 2,471 

Total non-cancelable purchase commitments due to key manufacturing partners 
 
 125,570 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to accrued expenses, stock-based compensation and leases. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 While our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe that the following critical accounting policies are most important to understanding and evaluating our reported financial results: 
 
 Accrued Research and Development Expenses 
 
 We have entered into various agreements with CMOs and CROs. As part of the process of preparing our financial statements, we are required to estimate our accrued research and development expenses, including 
 121 

accrued manufacturing expenses, as of each balance sheet date. This process involves reviewing open contracts and purchase orders, communicating with our personnel and third parties to identify services that have been performed on our behalf and estimating the level of service performed and the associated cost incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual cost. We make estimates of our accrued research and development expenses as of each balance sheet date based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. We periodically confirm the accuracy of our estimates with the service providers and make adjustments, if necessary. The significant estimates in our accrued research and development expenses include the costs incurred for services performed by our vendors in connection with research and development activities for which we have not yet been invoiced. 
 We accrue for costs related to research and development activities based on our estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to quotes and contracts with vendors, including CMOs and CROs, that conduct research, development and manufacturing on our behalf. The financial terms of these agreements are subject to negotiation, vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flows. There may be instances in which payments made to our vendors will exceed the level of services provided and result in a prepayment of the research and development expense. Advance payments for goods and services that will be used in future research and development activities are expensed when the activity has been performed or when the goods have been received. We make significant judgments and estimates in determining accrued research and development liabilities as of each reporting period based on the estimated time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort to be expended. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from our estimate, we adjust the accrual or prepaid expense accordingly. 
 Although we do not expect our estimates to be materially different from amounts actually incurred, if our estimates of the status and timing of services performed differ from the actual status and timing of services performed, it could result in us reporting amounts that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, there have been no material differences between our estimates of such expenses and the amounts actually incurred. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense related to awards to employees is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award. The fair value of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period, net of the impact of actual forfeitures recorded in the period in which they occur. 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense related to awards to non-employees is recognized based on the then-current fair value at each measurement date over the associated service period of the award, which is generally the vesting term, using the straight-line method. The fair value of non-employee stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes valuation model with assumptions generally consistent with those used for employee stock options, with the exception of the expected term, which is the remaining contractual life at each measurement date. Refer to Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 10, Equity Incentive Plans, to our financial statements for more information on assumptions used in estimating stock-based compensation expense. 
 
 The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires the use of subjective assumptions, such as volatility, which determine the fair value of stock-based awards. The assumptions utilized in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model are as follows: 
 
 Expected Term 
 
 Expected term represents the period that our stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. The expected term for employee equity instruments is calculated using the simplified method where there is insufficient historical data about exercise patterns and post-vesting employment termination behavior. The simplified method is based on the vesting period and the contractual term for each grant, or for each vesting-tranche for awards with graded vesting. The mid-point between the vesting date and the maximum contractual 
 122 

expiration date is used as the expected term under this method. For awards with multiple vesting-tranches, the time from grant until the mid-points for each of the tranches may be averaged to provide an overall expected term. The expected term for non-employee stock options is the remaining contractual term. 
 
 Expected Volatility 
 
 Expected volatility is estimated from the average historical volatilities of publicly traded companies within the life sciences industry that are considered to be comparable to our business over a period approximately equal to the expected term for employees options and the remaining contractual life for non-employees options. We will continue to apply this process until a sufficient amount of historical information regarding the volatility of our own stock price becomes available. 
 Expected Dividend 
 
 We have not paid and do not anticipate paying any dividends in the near future. Accordingly, we have estimated the dividend yield to be zero. 
 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate 
 
 The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of grant for zero-coupon notes with remaining terms corresponding with the expected term of the option. 
 
 Fair Value of Common Stock 
 
 For valuations after the completion of our IPO, the fair value of each share of underlying common stock is based on the closing price of our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on the date of grant. 
 
 Leases 
 
 We adopted Accounting Standards Update, or ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) on January 1, 2021, using the modified retrospective transition approach. There was no cumulative-effect adjustment recorded to retained earnings upon adoption. 
 
 Under ASC 842, we assess all arrangements that convey the right to control the use of property, plant and equipment, at inception, to determine if it is, or contains, a lease based on the unique facts and circumstances present in the arrangements. In addition, we determine whether leases meet the classification criteria of a finance or operating lease at the lease commencement date considering: (i) whether the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the lessee at the end of the lease term, (ii) whether the lease contains a bargain purchase option, (iii) whether the lease term is for a major part of the remaining economic life of the underlying asset, (iv) whether the present value of the sum of the lease payments and residual value guaranteed by the lessee equals or exceeds substantially all of the fair value of the underlying asset, and (v) whether the underlying asset is of such a specialized nature that it is expected to have no alternative use to the lessor at the end of the lease term. As of December 31, 2022, our lease population consisted only of operating real estate leases. 
 
 Once a lease is identified and its classification determined, we recognize a ROU asset, and a corresponding lease liability. Lease liabilities are recorded based on the present value of lease payments over the expected least term. The corresponding ROU asset is measured from the initial lease liability, adjusted by (i) accrued or prepaid rents, (ii) remaining unamortized initial direct costs and lease incentives, and (iii) any impairments of the ROU asset. 
 123 

Significant assumptions utilized in recognizing the ROU asset and corresponding lease liabilities included the expected lease term and the incremental borrowing rate. The expected lease term includes both contractual lease periods and, as applicable, extensions of the lease term when we have determined the exercise of the option to extend is reasonably certain to occur. The incremental borrowing rate was utilized to discount lease payments over the expected term given our operating leases do not provide an implicit rate. We estimated the incremental borrowing rate based on an analysis of corporate bond yields with a credit rating similar to us. The determination of our incremental borrowing rate requires management judgment, including development of a synthetic credit rating and cost of debt, as we currently do not carry any debt. We believe that the estimates used in determining the incremental borrowing rate are reasonable based upon current facts and circumstances. 
 For additional details regarding the impact of adoption and disclosure, see Note 5, Leases, to our financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our financial statements for additional information. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 consisted of readily available checking and money market funds. As of December 31, 2022, we also invested in U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. government agency securities, corporate debt, commercial paper and asset-backed securities. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. However, because of the nature of the instruments in our portfolio, a sudden change in market interest rates would not be expected to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We believe that our exposure to interest rate risks is not significant and that a hypothetical 10 movement in market interest rates would not have a significant impact on the total value of our portfolio or our interest income. In addition, we do not believe that our cash and cash equivalents have significant risk of default or illiquidity. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We are exposed to market risk related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, mainly relating to our contract with Lonza, our CMO in Switzerland. We have also entered into a limited number of contracts with other parties with payments denominated in foreign currencies. Payments under these contracts are made in foreign currencies and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency rates. We do not currently have a formal program in place to hedge foreign currency risks. However, from time to time, we buy Swiss Francs, or CHF, which is the majority of our foreign currency exposure, at market and are holding CHF in our bank accounts. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had approximately 21.8 million and 18.8 million of CHF cash and cash equivalents, respectively, held at one financial institution. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had foreign currency denominated accounts payable and accrued expenses of 13.9 million and 6.9 million, respectively. To date, foreign currency transaction gains and losses have not been material to our financial statements. The following table shows the impact of a hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in current exchange rates on our net assets as of December 31, 2022 and our net loss for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022: 

Impact on Net Assets as of December 31, 2022 

Impact on Net Loss for Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2022 

(in thousands) 

Hypothetical Change in Currency Exchange Rates 

10 increase 

789 

4,644 

10 decrease 

(789) 

(4,644) 

124 

As our foreign currency risk increases in the future, we will evaluate alternative strategies, including hedging, to mitigate our foreign currency exposure. 
 Effects of Inflation 
 Recently, the rate of inflation in the United States has risen to levels not experienced in decades. Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and research and development contract costs. The extent of any future impacts from inflation on our business and our results of operations will be dependent upon how long the elevated inflation levels persist and if the rate of inflation were to further increase, neither of which we are able to predict. If elevated levels of inflation were to persist or if the rate of inflation were to accelerate, the purchasing power of our cash and cash equivalents may be eroded, our expenses could increase faster than anticipated and we may utilize our capital resources sooner than expected. We do not believe inflation had a material effect on our results of operations during the periods presented. 
 125 

Item 8. Fina ncial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - PCAOB ID No. 
 127 

Balance Sheets 
 130 

Statements of Operations 
 131 

Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 132 

Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit 
 133 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 134 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 135 

126 

Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Vaxcyte, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Vaxcyte, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

127 

Accrued Manufacturing Expenses Refer to Notes 2 and 6 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company incurs research and development expenses related to the costs of research and development activities, including those performed by Lonza, a contract manufacturing organization under a development and manufacturing services agreement, to provide research and development services related to preclinical vaccine development. At the end of each period, the Company accrues for costs related to manufacturing expenses based on their estimates of the services received for each phase and efforts expended pursuant to quotes and contracts with vendors that conduct research and development on their behalf. This estimation process involves reviewing open contracts and purchase orders, communicating with Company personnel and third parties to identify services that have been performed on their behalf, and estimating the level of service performed and the associated costs incurred for the services for each phase when the Company has not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual costs. 
 We identified the Company s accrued manufacturing expenses as a critical audit matter primarily due to judgments necessary for management to estimate the cost of services provided but not yet invoiced and the significant volume of transactions. The amount of the accrual at period end is based on the terms and conditions per the agreements and is dependent on management s gathering of information from various sources, including Lonza, regarding the progress of the uninvoiced services at the reporting date. Accordingly, this estimate is subjective as it involves management s judgment to analyze the various sources of information. This required extensive audit effort due to the volume and nature of available information from various sources, including Lonza, and required a high degree of auditor judgment when performing audit procedures to audit management s estimates of accrued manufacturing expenses and evaluating the results of those procedures. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the accrued manufacturing expenses included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the Company s accrued manufacturing expense process, including controls over the estimation of activities completed to date. 

We met with internal research and development personnel and inspected Board of Directors materials to understand the status of contract manufacturing activities. We then compared this information to the judgment applied in management s estimate of the recorded expenses and corresponding accrual. 

We evaluated the completeness of phases used by the Company by comparing to the tracker obtained from Lonza, as Lonza is the most significant contract manufacturer. 

For a sample of phases, we evaluated the accrued manufacturing expenses by: 

o Sending written confirmations directly to the contract manufacturing organization to confirm the total budgeted amount and percentage of completion incurred as of year-end. 

o Inspecting the development and manufacturing services agreement and related amendments, change orders, statements of work, and agreeing key provisions of the agreements including timeline, budget, and relevant rates, to the Company s analysis of estimated expenses incurred to date. 

o Obtaining invoices, if available, for each selection to substantiate when the transaction should have been recorded. 

o Obtaining cash disbursements to test the accuracy of the accrual. 

128 

o Performing a lookback analysis by comparing the estimated accrual balance as of December 31, 2021, to the invoices received after year-end to evaluate the Company s ability to estimate the accrual. 

/s/ 

February 27, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2017. 
 129 

VAXCYTE, INC. 
 Balance S heets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Long-term investments 

Restricted cash 

Other assets 

Total noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued manufacturing expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities current 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities long-term 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 6) 

Stockholders' Equity 

Preferred stock, par value authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common stock, par value shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 130 

VAXCYTE, INC. 
 Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development (including related party expenses of , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively) 

Acquired manufacturing rights (Note 6) 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Other income (expense), net: 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Interest income 

Grant income 

Realized gains on marketable securities 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 

() 

Foreign currency transaction (losses) gains 

() 

() 

Total other income (expense), net 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 131 

VAXCYTE, INC. 
 Statements of Compr ehensive Loss 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net Loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Unrealized losses on investments 

() 

() 

Comprehensive Loss 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 132 

VAXCYTE, INC. 
 Statements of Redeemable Convertible Preferre d Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Series A 

Series B 

Series C 

Series D 

Accumulated 

Total 

Redeemable Convertible 

Redeemable Convertible 

Redeemable Convertible 

Redeemable Convertible 

Additional 

Other 

Stockholders 

Preferred Stock 

Preferred Stock 

Preferred Stock 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Comprehensive 

Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Loss 

(Deficit) 

Balance December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Issuance of Series D redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs of 

Conversion of preferred stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Conversion of common stock warrant 

Conversion of preferred stock warrant 

Warrant liability write-off 

Issuance of common stock upon initial public offering, net of issuance costs of 

Exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock related to early exercised stock options 

Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Vesting of early exercised stock options 

Issuance of preferred stock 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2020 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock to Lonza Ltd. 

Issuance of common stock in connection with at-the market offering, net of issuance costs of 

Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Vesting of early exercised stock options 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Unrealized losses on investment 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrants in connection with public follow -on offerings, net of issuance costs of 

Issuance of common stock in connection with at-the market offering, net of issuance costs of 

Issuance of common stock for Sutro stock payment 

Issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Release of restricted stock units 

() 

() 

Vesting of early exercised stock options 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Unrealized losses on investment 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 133 

VAXCYTE, INC. 
 Statemen ts of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Non-cash payments for acquired manufacturing rights 

Change in fair value of redeemable convertible preferred stock warrant 

Loss on disposal of assets 

Asset impairment charges 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets 

Net amortization of premiums on investments 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued compensation 

() 

() 

Accrued manufacturing expenses 

() 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred rent and other long-term liabilities 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of investments 

() 

() 

Maturities of investments 

Sales of investments 

Proceeds from sales of property and equipment 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payments of capital lease obligations 

() 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrants from follow-on offerings, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock under ATM Sales Program, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from exercise of common stock options 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock related to early exercised stock options 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Release of restricted stock units 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment recorded in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Issuance of common stock for acquired manufacturing rights 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock into common stock 

Stock issued for payment of accounts payable 

Deferred offering costs included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 134 

VAXCYTE, INC. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding common stock, preferred stock, stock options and warrants effective on June 5, 2020. Accordingly, all share and per share amounts for all periods presented in the financial statements and notes thereto have been retroactively adjusted. Initial Public Offering In June 2020, we completed an initial public offering IPO in which we issued and sold shares of common stock, including shares issued upon the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares of common stock, at a public offering price of per share. We received million in net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of million and offering expenses of million. 

 shares of common stock. Subsequent to the completion of the IPO, there were shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock outstanding. 
 
 taxes. Management bases our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ materially from those estimates. 
 
 reportable and operating segment. Our chief executive officer, who is the chief operating decision maker, reviews financial information on an aggregate basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. All of our long-lived assets are based in the United States. Long-lived assets are comprised of property and equipment. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(in thousands) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

million and million of deferred offering costs, respectively, were included in Other assets on the balance sheets. 
 . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the expected life or lease term. Repairs and maintenance expenditures, which are not considered improvements and do not extend the useful life of property and equipment, are expensed as incurred. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the balance sheet and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in the statement of operations in the period realized. 
 t have any finance leases. Operating leases are included in Operating lease right-of-use ROU assets, Operating lease liabilities - current and Operating lease liabilities - long term in our balance sheet. ROU assets represent our right to use the underlying assets for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the leases. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. In determining the present value of lease payments, if the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date. We determine the incremental borrowing rate based on an analysis of corporate bond yields with a credit rating similar to us. The determination of our incremental borrowing rate requires management judgment, including development of a synthetic credit rating and cost of debt, as we currently do not carry any debt. We believe that the estimates used in determining the incremental borrowing rate are reasonable based upon current facts and circumstances. Applying different judgment to the same facts and circumstances could yield a different incremental borrowing rate. The operating lease ROU assets also include adjustments for prepayments and accrued lease payments and exclude lease incentives. ROU assets and lease liabilities may include options to extend or terminate leases if it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such options. Lease payments which are fixed and determinable are amortized as rent and lease expense on a straight-line basis over the expected lease term. Variable lease costs, which are dependent on usage, a rate or index, including common area maintenance charges, are expensed as incurred. Lease agreements that include lease and non-lease components are accounted for as a single lease component. Lease agreements with non-cancelable terms of less than 12 months are not recorded on our balance sheets. 
 million, and million of impairments of long-lived assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

permitted. This standard is effective for us on January 1, 2022 and only impacts annual financial statement footnote disclosures. In Note 12, Funding Arrangement, we included disclosures on our cost-reimbursement research award from Combating Antibiotic Resistant Bacteria Biopharmaceutical Accelerator CARB-X ). We have adopted this standard as required by the effective date. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our financial statements. In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments and has subsequently issued related amendments, collectively referred to as Topic 326. Topic 326 requires that financial assets measured at amortized cost be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect collectability. Topic 326 also eliminates the concept of other-than-temporary impairment when evaluating available-for-sale debt securities and instead focuses on determining whether any impairment is a result of a credit loss or other factors. An entity will recognize an allowance for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities rather than an other-than-temporary impairment that reduces the cost basis of the investment. We have adopted this standard as required by the effective date on January 1, 2022. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our financial statements. 

independent pricing services. These models generally use inputs such as observable market data, quoted market prices for similar instruments or historical pricing trends of securities relative to our peers. To validate the fair value determinations provided by our investment managers, we review the pricing movement in the context of overall market trends and trading information from our investment managers. In addition, we assess the inputs and methods used in determining the fair value in order to determine the classification of securities in the fair value hierarchy. We had Level 3 securities either as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. There were transfers within the hierarchies during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2 21. We invested in money market funds as of December 31, 2020. In January 2021, we started to invest some of our funds in corporate debt, commercial paper, U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. government agency securities and asset-backed securities. 

Money market funds 
 Level 1 

Commercial paper 
 Level 2 

() 

U.S. government agency securities 
 Level 2 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Investments: 

U.S. Treasury securities 
 Level 1 

() 

Commercial paper 
 Level 2 

() 

Corporate debt 
 Level 2 

() 

Asset backed securities 
 Level 2 

U.S. government agency securities 
 Level 2 

() 

Total investments 

() 

Total assets measured at fair value 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Fair Value Hierarchy Level 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Gross Unrealized Gains 

Gross Unrealized Losses 

Fair Value 

Assets 

(in thousands) 

Cash 
 Level 1 

Money market funds 
 Level 1 

Commercial paper 
 Level 2 

() 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

- 

() 

Investments: 

U.S. Treasury securities 
 Level 1 

() 

Commercial paper 
 Level 2 

() 

Corporate debt 
 Level 2 

() 

Asset backed securities 
 Level 2 

() 

U.S. government agency securities 
 Level 2 

() 

Total investments 

() 

Total assets measured at fair value 

- 

() 

Due in one to five years 

Total 

Computers and computer software 

Lab equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Total property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million respectively. Accrued Expenses 

Other research and development (1) 

Other accrued expenses 

Total 

______________ (1) million and of accrued manufacturing rights as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 6, Commitments and Contingencies, Sutro Option Agreement, for further details. 

 (2) 

143 

and expires on . We have -month renewal options. The original term of the license agreement for the temporary space in Palo Alto terminated when the San Carlos office leasehold improvements were completed and we moved into our current corporate headquarters. We extended the license agreement for the Palo Alto office by to to accommodate our relocation plan. These two agreements are accounted for as a combined lease because the contracts were negotiated as a package with the same commercial objective. Upon commencement of the San Carlos lease in December 2021, we recorded a ROU asset and lease liability of million and million, respectively. lease agreement for our previous headquarters facility located in Foster City, California. The original term of the lease was from to , with -month . to , with . In November 2020, we extended the terms of both of these leases for to and , respectively. In February 2022, we entered into an early termination agreement for one of the facilities in Foster City and terminated our lease on instead of April 30, 2022. 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Non-current operating lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) 

Weighted-average discount rate 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 

Total future undiscounted lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

() 

Total lease liabilities 

Future minimum payments required under operating leases as of December 31, 2021 were as follows: 

(in thousands) 

Years ending December 31, 

2022 (1) 

() 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 

Total future undiscounted lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

() 

Total lease liabilities 

______________________________________ (1) million allocated to the Palo Alto office. 

Rent expense recognized under the leases was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

 In the September 2017, we and Lonza agreed to defer the completion payments for any stage that commenced after December 31, 2019 or had not been completed by December 31, 2019 until the earlier of the completion of all Investigational New Drug IND )-enabling activities or December 31, 2020. In March 2020, Lonza agreed to defer the completion payments until the earlier of the completion of all IND-enabling activities or April 30, 2021. In April 2021, Lonza further agreed to defer of the completion payments until the earlier of the completion of all IND-enabling activities or December 31, 2021. Pursuant to this agreement, all deferred completion payments were paid in December 2021. In June 2018, we entered into a letter agreement with Lonza (the Lonza Letter Agreement pursuant to which we agreed to certain terms for potential future payments in shares of our common stock as partial satisfaction of future obligations to Lonza. The Lonza Letter Agreement states that the initial pre-IND cash payments under the 2016 Lonza DMSA would be subject to a specified dollar cap (the Initial Cash Cap ). After the Initial Cash Cap has been reached, we would have the option to make any further pre-IND payments owed to Lonza in cash, in shares of our common stock at then market prevailing prices, or a combination of both, at our election. In April 2021, we reached the Initial Cash Cap and notified Lonza that we would be exercising our option to issue approximately million in shares of our common stock as payment for a portion of pre-IND payments due April 30, 2021. In June 2021, we issued shares of our common stock to Lonza at a price of per share to pay for million of the pre-IND payments due April 30, 2021. In October 2018, we entered into a second non-exclusive development and manufacturing services agreement with Lonza (the 2018 Lonza DMSA ), pursuant to which Lonza is obligated to perform services including manufacturing process development and the manufacture and supply of VAX-24 finished drug product. In April 2022, we entered into a third non-exclusive development and manufacturing services agreement, as amended, with Lonza (the 2022 Lonza DMSA effective as of March 22, 2022. Pursuant to the 2022 Lonza DMSA, Lonza will perform manufacturing process development and clinical manufacture and supply of our proprietary PCV. Under each of the 2016 Lonza DMSA, 2018 Lonza DMSA and 2022 Lonza DMSA (collectively, the Lonza Agreements ), we will pay Lonza agreed-upon fees for its performance of development and manufacturing services and pass through expenses incurred by Lonza for raw materials, as well as customary procurement and handling fees. Under each Lonza Agreement, we will own all right, title and interest in and to any and all New Customer Intellectual Property (as defined in each Lonza Agreement), and Lonza shall own all right, title and interest in New General Application Intellectual Property (as defined in each Lonza Agreement). Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Lonza Agreements, Lonza granted us a non-exclusive, world-wide, fully paid-up, irrevocable, transferable license, including the right to grant sublicenses, under the New General Application Intellectual Property (as defined in each Lonza Agreement), to research, develop, make, have made, use, sell and import the Product (as defined in each Lonza Agreement) manufactured under each Lonza Agreement. Sutro Option Agreement In December 2022, we entered into an Option Agreement with Sutro Biopharma, pursuant to which we acquired from Sutro Biopharma (i) authorization to enter into an agreement with an independent alternate CMO to directly source Sutro Biopharma s cell-free extract, allowing us to have direct oversight over financial and operational aspects of the relationship with the CMO; and (ii) a right, but not an obligation, to obtain certain exclusive rights to internally manufacture and/or source extract from certain CMOs and the right to independently develop and make improvements to extract (including the right to make improvements to the extract manufacturing process as well as cell lines) for use in connection with the exploitation of certain vaccine compositions (the Option ). We and Sutro Biopharma have agreed to negotiate the terms and conditions of a form definitive agreement to be entered into in the event we exercise the Option, which shall include the terms and conditions set forth in an executed term sheet between us (the Term Sheet ), and such terms that are necessary to give effect to each of the terms and conditions set forth in the Term Sheet (the Form Definitive Agreement ). The Option period is five years from the date of the Option Agreement, subject to potential acceleration in the event we undergo a change of control. As consideration for the Option and other rights and authorizations granted to us under the Option Agreement, we agreed to pay Sutro Biopharma upfront consideration of million, consisting of (i) million in cash and million worth of shares of our common stock (the number of shares to be calculated based on the arithmetic average of the daily volume weighted average price of our common stock as traded on Nasdaq in the three consecutive trading days immediately prior to the issuance thereof), and (ii) million payable within five business days after we and Sutro Biopharma mutually agree in writing upon the Form Definitive Agreement. The shares of common stock issued was recorded at fair value of million on the date of settlement, December 22, 2022. In the event that we elect to exercise the Option, we would pay Sutro Biopharma an aggregate Option exercise price of million in cash in two installments and, upon the occurrence of certain regulatory milestones, certain additional milestone payments totaling up to million in cash. In the event that we undergo a change of control, certain rights and payments may be accelerated. As of December 31, 2022, we have determined there is no current alternative future use of the acquired manufacturing rights paid and accrued for the option as of December 31, 2022. We have classified such costs incurred in entering the Option Agreement as Acquired Manufacturing Rights on the accompanying statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. Part of the total cost incurred as reported on the statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 is a million accrued commitment that remains outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Purchase Commitments We enter into agreements in the normal course of business with CMOs and other vendors for manufacturing services and raw materials purchases. We rely on several third-party manufacturers for our manufacturing requirements. 

2024 

Total non-cancelable purchase commitments due to key manufacturing partners 

shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock authorized or outstanding as of December 31, 2022. In connection with our IPO in June 2020, the outstanding shares of our Series A, Series B, Series C and Series D Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock automatically converted into shares of common stock. 

147 

shares of common stock with par value per share, of which and shares were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The holders of our common stock are also entitled to receive dividends whenever funds are legally available, when and if declared by our board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, dividends have been declared. In July 2021, we entered into an Open Market Sales Agreement SM (the ATM Sales Agreement with Jefferies LLC Jefferies ), which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth in the ATM Sales Agreement, we may elect to issue and sell, from time to time, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million through Jefferies acting as our sales agent or principal. We are obligated to pay Jefferies a commission of up to of the gross sales proceeds of any common stock sold through Jefferies under the ATM Sales Agreement; however, we are not obligated to make any sales of common stock. As of December 31, 2022 , we have sold shares of our common stock under the ATM Sales Agreement at an average price of per share for aggregate gross proceeds of million million net of commissions and offering expenses). In January 2022, we completed an underwritten public offering in which we issued shares of our common stock at a price of per share and pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of our common stock at a price of per underlying share. In February 2022, t he underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional shares of common stock. In aggregate, we received approximately million in net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable by us. In October 2022, we completed an underwritten public offering in which we issued shares of our common stock at a price of per share and pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of our common stock at a price of per underlying share. T he underwriters exercised their option to purchase an additional shares of common stock. In aggregate, we received million in net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering expenses payable by us, and excluding the exercise of any pre-funded warrants. shares issued outside of the 2014 Plan and 2020 Plan: 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Options issued and outstanding 

Restricted stock units issued and outstanding 

Shares available for future stock option grants 

Total 

shares of our common stock at a price of per share and pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of our common stock at a price of per underlying share. Each pre-funded warrant has an exercise price of per share. In connection with our underwritten public offering in October 2022, we issued shares of our common stock at a price of per share and pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of our common stock at a price of per underlying share. Each pre-funded warrant has an exercise price of per share. The public offering price for the pre-funded warrants was equal to the public offering price of our common stock, less the exercise price of each pre-funded warrant and was recorded as a component of stockholders' equity within additional paid-in-capital. The pre-funded warrants will be exercisable, at the option of each holder, in whole or in part by delivering to us a duly executed exercise notice and payment of the exercise price. No fractional shares of common stock will be issued in connection with the exercise of a pre-funded warrant. The holder of the pre-funded warrants may also satisfy its obligation to pay the exercise price through a cashless exercise, in which the holder receives the net value of the pre-funded warrant in shares of common stock determined according to the formula set forth in the pre-funded warrant. The pre-funded warrants will not expire until they are fully exercised. However, we may not effect the exercise of any pre-funded warrants, and a holder will not be entitled to exercise any portion of any pre-funded warrants that, upon giving effect to such exercise, would cause: (i) the aggregate number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by such holder (together with affiliates) to exceed or of the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as applicable; or (ii) the combined voting power of our securities beneficially owned by such holder (together with its affiliates) to exceed or of the combined voting power of all of our securities outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as applicable, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the pre-funded warrants. However, any holder of a pre-funded warrant may increase or decrease such percentage to any other percentage not in excess of upon at least 61 days' prior notice for the holder to us. As of December 31, 2022 , shares underlying the pre-funded warrants had been exercised. 

of the shares of our common stock shall have an exercise price of no less than of the fair value per share on the grant date and expire from the date of grant. The maximum term of stock options granted under the 2020 Plan is years, unless subject to the provisions regarding stockholders. Our stock options granted to new employees generally vest over at a rate of upon the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date and monthly thereafter. Our other stock options granted to employees generally vest on terms consistent with stock options granted to new employees or monthly over from the vesting commencement date. Our RSUs granted to new employees generally vest over at a rate of upon one year from the grant date, then every six months thereafter. Our other RSUs granted to employees generally vest over three and a half years at a rate of upon six months from the grant date, then every six months thereafter. A total of shares of common stock were approved to be initially reserved for issuance under the 2020 Plan. The number of shares that remained available for issuance under the 2014 Plan as of the effective date of the 2020 Plan, and shares subject to outstanding awards under the 2014 Plan as of the effective date of the 2020 Plan that are subsequently canceled, forfeited or repurchased by us, will be added to the shares reserved under the 2020 Plan. In addition, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2020 Plan is automatically increased on the first day of each calendar year during the term of the 2020 Plan, beginning with January 1, 2021 and ending with January 1, 2030, by an amount equal to of the outstanding number of shares of our common stock on December 31 of the preceding calendar year or such lesser amount as determined by our board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate of shares of common stock were available for issuance under the 2020 Plan. Effective January 1, 2023, the number of shares of common stock available under the 2020 Plan increased by shares pursuant to the evergreen provision of the 2020 Plan. Our 2014 Plan permitted the granting of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock and other stock-based awards. Subsequent to the adoption of the 2020 Plan, no additional equity awards can be made under the 2014 Plan. Shares reserved and remaining available for issuance under the 2014 Plan were added to the 2020 Plan reserve upon its effectiveness. The terms of the 2014 Plan permit the exercise of options granted prior to vesting, subject to required approvals. The unvested shares are subject to our lapsing repurchase right upon termination of employment at the original purchase price. Shares purchased by employees pursuant to the early exercise of stock options are not deemed, for accounting purposes, to be issued until those shares vest according to their respective vesting schedules. Cash received for early exercised stock options is recorded as other liabilities on the balance sheet and is reclassified to common stock and additional paid-in capital as such shares vest. As of December 31, 2022, shares and shares of common stock were subject to outstanding options and RSUs under the 2014 Plan and 2020 Plan, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares and shares, respectively, remained subject to our right of repurchase as a result of the early exercised stock options. The remaining liabilities related to early exercised shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were both less than million and were recorded in other liabilities. Stock Option Activity shares granted outside of the 2020 Plan and 2014 Plan, was as follows: 

Options Outstanding 

Stock Option and Restricted Stock Units Activity 
 
 Options and RSUs Available for Grant 

Number of Options 

Weighted- Average Exercise Price Per Share 

Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years) 

Aggregate Intrinsic Value 

Balances December 31, 2020 

Additional shares authorized 

Options granted 

() 

Options exercised 

() 

Options forfeited 

() 

Balances December 31, 2021 

Additional shares authorized 

Options granted 

() 

Options exercised 

(1) 
 
 () 

Options forfeited 

() 

Restricted Stock Units granted 

() 

Restricted Stock Units withheld 

Restricted Stock Units forfeited 

Balances December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

______________________________________ (1) 

During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, , and shares of stock options, respectively, were exercised for cash at a weighted-average price per share of , and , respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The intrinsic value of the stock options exercised was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, respectively. Restricted Stock Units Activity In March 2022, our board of directors authorized the issuance of RSUs under our 2020 Plan and adopted a form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the RSU Agreement ), which is intended to serve as a standard form agreement for RSU grants issued to employees. 

Vested and released 

() 

Cancelled 

() 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

The weighted-average grant date fair value of RSUs granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 was . The aggregate fair value of unvested RSU is calculated using the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized stock-based compensation cost of unvested RSUs was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan In June 2020, our board of directors adopted, and our stockholders approved, the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2020 ESPP ), which became effective on June 11, 2020. The 2020 ESPP permits participants to purchase common stock through payroll deductions of up to of their eligible compensation. Employees enrolled in the 2020 ESPP, purchase shares of common stock at a price per share equal to of the lower of the fair market value at the start or end of the purchase periods within the offering period. A total of shares of common stock were approved to be initially reserved for issuance under the 2020 ESPP. In addition, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2020 ESPP is automatically increased on the first day of each calendar year during the term of the 2020 Plan, beginning with January 1, 2021 and ending with January 1, 2030, by an amount of of the outstanding number of shares of our common stock on December 31 of the preceding calendar year or such lesser amount as determined by our board of directors. 

Shares authorized 

Shares purchased 

() 

Balance - December 31, 2020 

Additional shares authorized 

Shares purchased 

() 

Balance - December 31, 2021 

Additional shares authorized 

Shares purchased 

() 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

Effective January 1, 2023, the number of shares of common stock available under the 2020 ESPP increased by shares pursuant to the evergreen provision of the 2020 ESPP. Stock-based Compensation - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected term (in years) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected term (in years) 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Risk-free interest rate 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

General and administrative 

Total 

Upon our IPO, performance-based awards vested and, as a result, we recognized million of stock-based compensation expense during the three months ended June 30, 2020, which amount is included in the above table for the year ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the employee and non-employee awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

152 

million to the retirement plan. 

 to develop a universal vaccine to prevent infections caused by Group A Strep bacteria, which include pharyngitis, impetigo and necrotizing fasciitis. The initial award committed initial funding of up to million for our VAX-A1 program and, subject to a CARB-X decision to extend the options, up to million in total funding available upon achievement of development milestones over the next . Specified research expenditures are reimbursable expenses associated with agreed-upon activities needed to advance the research project supported by the grant. These expenditures can include labor, laboratory supplies, travel, consu lting and third-party vendor research and development support costs. CARB-X has awarded us total funding to date of million, with potential funding of up to million upon the achievement of future VAX-A1 development milestones. In January 2022, CARB-X revised the parameters for the contribution of CARB-X funding and implemented maximum funding levels for all grant recipients. As a result, our total funding available upon achievement of development milestones through Phase 1 human clinical trials was revised from million to million. In April 2021, we received a cost-reimbursement research award from the National Institutes of Health NIH ). In connection with this funding, we entered into a cost-reimbursement sub-award agreement with the University of Maryland, Baltimore, the administrator of the program. The award provides for potential funding up to totaling approximately million to develop a vaccine to prevent infections caused by Shigella. Income from grants is recognized in the period during which the related specified expenses are incurred, provided that the conditions under which the grants were provided have been met. We recognized million, million and million of grant income and recorded the amounts in Other income (expense), net in the statement of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. A grant receivable of million and million representing unreimbursed, eligible costs incurred under the CARB-X agreement was recorded and included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in the balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

153 

() 

() 

Weighted-average shares outstanding used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted (1) 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 
 
 ____________________________ (1) Includes shares of common stock into which pre-funded warrants may be exercised. See Note 9, Pre-Funded Warrants . 

Restricted stock units 

Employee stock purchase plans 

Total 

154 

Stock-based compensation 

Credits 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

() 

Section 162(m) limitation 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

(1) 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 

Fixed assets 

Accrued others (1) 

R D Credits 

Capitalized R D expenditures 

Accrued manufacturing expenses 

Lease liability 

Intangible assets 

Stock compensation (1) 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

ROU asset 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred taxes 

(1) 

At December 31, 2022, we have net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million available to reduce future taxable income, if any, for federal and state income tax purposes, respectively. The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, except the federal loss carryforward arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, begin to expire in unless previously utilized. Federal net operating losses arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 have an indefinite carryover period and do not expire. At December 31, 2022, we have research credit carryforwards of million and million available to offset future income tax liabilities, if any, for federal and California income tax purposes, respectively. The federal research and development tax credit carryforwards expire beginning in unless previously utilized. The California tax credits can be carried forward indefinitely. We have evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of our deferred tax assets. Based on our history of operating losses, we have concluded that it is more likely than not that the benefit of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. Accordingly, we have provided a full valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Utilization of the net operating loss carryforward and research credit carryforward may be subject to an annual limitation due to the ownership percentage change limitations under Section 382 and Section 383, respectively, provided by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and similar state provisions. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of the net operating loss before utilization. We have experienced ownership changes in the past. There were no ownership changes identified in 2022, as such we have determined that federal research credits will expire unutilized or are excluded from our research credit carryforwards. The Company does not expect any ownership changes during the year ended December 31, 2022 to result in a limitation that would materially reduce the total amount of net operating loss carryforwards and credits that can be utilized. Subsequent ownership changes may affect the limitation in future years. We have uncertain tax benefits UTBs totaling million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which were netted against deferred tax assets subject to valuation allowance. The UTBs had no effect on the effective tax rate. We recognize interest and penalties related to UTBs, when they occur, as a component of income tax expense. To the extent accrued interest and penalties do not ultimately become payable, amounts accrued will be reduced and reflected as a reduction of the provision for income taxes in the period such determination is made. There were interest or penalties recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We do not expect our UTBs to change significantly over the next 12 months. 

Additions based on tax positions related to current year 

Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

We file U.S. federal and state tax returns. In general, the Company is no longer subject to tax examination by the Internal Revenue Service or state taxing authorities for years before 2017. Although the federal and state statutes are closed for purposes of assessing additional income tax in those prior years, the taxing authorities may still make adjustments to the net operating loss, or NOL, and credit carryforwards used in open years. Therefore, the tax statutes should be considered open as it relates to the NOL and credit carryforwards used in open years. We do not have any tax audits or other issues pending. On March 27, 2020, the President of the United States signed into law the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The CARES Act, among other things, includes certain income tax provisions for individuals and corporations; however, these benefits do not impact our current tax provision. On December 21, 2020, the President of the United States signed into law the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 which includes further COVID-19 economic relief and extension of certain expiring tax provisions. The relief package includes a tax provision clarifying that businesses with forgiven Paycheck Protection Program, or PPP, loans can deduct regular business expenses that are paid for with the loan proceeds. Additional pandemic relief tax measures include an expansion of the employee retention credit, enhanced charitable contribution deductions and a temporary full deduction for business expenses for food and beverages provided by a restaurant. These benefits do not have a material impact on the current tax provision. The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act was signed on November 15, 2021, and it contained several tax provisions including changes to the Employee Retention Tax Credit and changes to excise taxes. These provisions do not have a material impactful to the Company s current tax provision. In accordance with the 2017 Tax Act, research and experimental (R E) expenses under Internal Revenue Code Section 174 are required to be capitalized beginning in 2022. R E expenses are required to be amortized over a period of for domestic expenses and for foreign expenses. The Company has capitalized research and experimental expenditures in its current tax provision as a result. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 specifically introduces the topic of corporate alternative minimum tax CAMT on adjusted financial statement income on applicable corporations for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022. There is no impact to the Company s current tax provision. The American Rescue Plan Act was signed on March 11, 2021. One of the provisions of the Act included expanding the definition of covered employees subject to IRC 162(m) to include an additional top five highest compensated officers beyond the CEO, CFO, and three highest paid employees currently covered under IRC 162(m). This expanded provision is applicable for tax years beginning after Dec 31, 2026. The Company does not believe that this update to IRC 162(m) would have a material impact on its income tax provision currently and will continue to monitor this. 

 million shares of our common stock. As of December 31, 2019, Sutro Biopharma also owned warrants to purchase shares of our common stock (the Common Stock Warrant at an exercise price of per share and shares of our Series C redeemable convertible stock (the Preferred Stock Warrant at an exercise price of per share. The Common Stock Warrant and the Preferred Stock Warrant were automatically net exercised pursuant to their terms for shares and shares, respectively, of our common stock in connection with the IPO. In the agreements and amendments identified herein, we licensed certain intellectual property and acquired certain supply rights from Sutro Biopharma, including the right to use the XpressCF platform to discover and develop vaccine candidates for the treatment or prophylaxis of infectious diseases. On October 12, 2015, we and Sutro Biopharma the Parties entered into the Sutro Biopharma License Agreement, which amended and restated an agreement dated August 1, 2014. The Sutro Biopharma License Agreement was subsequently amended on May 9, 2018 License Amendment A1 and May 29, 2018 License Amendment A2 ). In consideration for the License Amendment A2, we issued to Sutro Biopharma the Preferred Stock Warrant to purchase shares of Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock at a purchase price of per share. We also entered into a separate supply agreement with Sutro Biopharma on (the Sutro Biopharma Supply Agreement ). As of June 2, 2021, Sutro Biopharma was no longer considered a related party. Under the Sutro Biopharma License Agreement, Sutro Biopharma granted us an exclusive, worldwide license to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize vaccine products addressing infectious disease, which are discovered or produced based on the use of Sutro Biopharma s proprietary cell-free protein expression technology, known as XpressCF, which utilizes extracts derived from strains of E. coli . In connection with the Sutro Biopharma License Agreement, under the Sutro Biopharma Supply Agreement, Sutro Biopharma has agreed to manufacture and supply extracts and reagents for us on a cost-plus basis. In consideration for the rights licensed, we are obligated to pay a royalty on worldwide aggregate annual net sales of our vaccine products for human health and a royalty on annual net sales of vaccine products for animal health. In License Amendment A1, the Parties amended the license agreement to remove a pre-IND regulatory meeting as a diligence milestone and to agree that certain other diligence milestones had been satisfied. In License Amendment A2, the Parties amended the license agreement to add certain terms confirming our obligation to purchase Sutro Biopharma s proprietary extract from E. coli Extract from Sutro Biopharma. In addition, the Parties amended the license agreement to specify our rights to a transfer of certain know-how relating to the manufacture of Extract in the event of a declaration of bankruptcy by Sutro Biopharma. Finally, the Parties agreed to terms providing for injunctive relief in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the other party. In the Sutro Biopharma Supply Agreement, the Parties agreed to terms for the supply of manufactured Extract and custom reagents by Sutro Biopharma for us to use in manufacturing vaccine compositions in non-clinical research or in Phase 1 or Phase 2 clinical trials. The term of the Sutro Biopharma Supply Agreement is from execution until the later of July 31, 2021 and the date the parties enter into and commence activities under the supply agreement unless extended through a subsequent supply agreement for the supply of Extract and custom reagents for vaccine compositions for Phase 3 and commercial uses as contemplated in the Supply Agreement. In February 2021, we entered into an amendment to the Sutro Biopharma Supply Agreement and extended the term to July 31, 2022. As Sutro Biopharma was no longer considered a related party as of June 2, 2021, we excluded expenses after that date from related party transaction expenses. We recognized expense related to the Supply Agreement of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In addition, we recorded , and million in the change in fair value of the Preferred Stock Warrant for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The expense related to the changes in the fair value of the warrant is included in research and development expenses in the statements of operations. 

 shares of our common stock under the ATM Sales Agreement at an average price of per share, generating aggregate gross proceeds of million million net of commissions and offering expenses). 

158 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic and current reports that we file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Office, or CEO, and our Chief Financial Officer, or CFO, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in its 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Pursuant to Section 404(c) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included below. 
 159 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Vaxcyte, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Vaxcyte, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the balance sheets, the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss, redeemable convertible preferred stock and stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 160 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 San Francisco, California 
 February 27, 2023 

161 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 162 

PART III 
 Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K since we intend to file our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and certain information to be included in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this item of Form 10-K will be included under the captions Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors, Executive Officers, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, Corporate Governance and Board Matters, and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics in our 2023 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We have adopted a written Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Ethics Code that applies to all officers, directors and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. The Ethics Code is available on our website at www.vaxcyte.com. If we make any substantive amendments to the Ethics Code or grant any waiver from a provision of the Ethics Code to any executive officer or director, we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 Item 11. Executiv e Compensation. 
 The information required by this item of Form 10-K will be included under the captions Executive Officers, Executive Compensation, Director Compensation, Corporate Governance and Board Matters, and Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions in our 2023 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this item of Form 10-K will be included under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, Director Compensation, and Executive Compensation in our 2023 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item of Form 10-K will be included under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions, and Corporate Governance and Board Matters in our 2023 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accoun ting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this item of Form 10-K will be included under the caption Proposal No. 2 Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our 2023 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 163 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financ ial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

(1) All Financial Statements 

The financial statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed in the Index to Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules have been omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information, where material, is shown in the financial statements, financial notes or supplementary financial information. 
 (3) Exhibits 

The list of exhibits filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K is set forth in the Exhibit Index preceding the signature page and is incorporated herein by reference or filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in each case as indicated herein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 164 

Exhibit Index 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
 Description 
 Schedule/Form 
 File Number 
 Exhibits 
 Filing Date 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Vaxcyte, Inc., as amended 
 8-K 
 001-39323 
 3.1 
 June 16, 2020 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Vaxcyte, Inc. 
 8-K 
 001-39323 
 3.2 
 June 16, 2020 

4.1 
 Form of common stock certificate of the Registrant 
 S-1/A 
 333-238630 
 4.1 
 June 8, 2020 

4.2 
 Description of Capital Stock . 
 10-K 
 001-39323 
 4.2 
 March 29, 2021 

4.3 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant 
 8-K 
 001-39323 
 4.1 
 January 13, 2022 

4.4 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant 
 8-K 
 001-39323 
 4.1 
 October 27, 2022 

10.1# 
 Vaxcyte, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of agreements thereunder. 
 S-1 
 333-238630 
 10.2 
 May 22, 2020 

10.2# 
 Vaxcyte, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of agreements thereunder. 
 S-1/A 
 333-238630 
 10.3 
 June 8, 2020 

10.3# 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice 
 10-Q 
 001-39323 
 10.2 
 May 9, 2022 

10.4# 
 Vaxcyte, Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan . 
 S-1/A 
 333-238630 
 10.4 
 June 8, 2020 

10.5 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into by and between the Registrant and each director and executive officer. 
 S-1 
 333-238630 
 10.5 
 May 22, 2020 

10.6# 
 Executive Employment Agreement entered into by and between the Registrant and Grant Pickering, dated January 21, 2016. 
 S-1 
 333-238630 
 10.6 
 May 22, 2020 

10.7# 
 Executive Employment Agreement entered into by and between the Registrant and Jeff Fairman, dated January 21, 2016. 
 S-1 
 333-238630 
 10.7 
 May 22, 2020 

165 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
 Description 
 Schedule/Form 
 File Number 
 Exhibits 
 Filing Date 

10.8# 
 Offer Letter entered into by and between the Registrant and Paul Sauer, dated April 12, 2016. 
 S-1 
 333-238630 
 10.8 
 May 22, 2020 

10.9# 
 Executive Employment Agreement entered into by and between the Registrant and Jim Wassil, dated November 15, 2019. 
 S-1 
 333-238630 
 10.11 
 May 22, 2020 

10.10# 
 Offer Letter entered into by and between the Registrant and Andrew Guggenhime, dated April 16, 2020. 
 S-1 
 333-238630 
 10.13 
 May 22, 2020 

10.11# 
 Offer Letter entered into by and between the Registrant and Harpreet Dhaliwal, dated September 29, 2021. 

X 

10.12# 
 Offer Letter entered into by and between the Registrant and Mikhail Eydelman, dated March 4, 2022. 
 10-Q 
 001-39323 
 10.1 
 May 9, 2022 

10.13# 
 Form of Executive Change in Control and Severance Agreement entered into by and between the Registrant and each eligible employee. 
 S-1 
 333-238630 
 10.14 
 May 22, 2020 

10.14+ 
 Development and Manufacturing Services Agreement by and between the Registrant and Lonza Ltd, dated October 29, 2018. 
 S-1 
 333-238630 
 10.15 
 May 22, 2020 

10.15+ 
 Development and Manufacturing Services Agreement by and between the Registrant and Lonza Ltd, dated October 21, 2016, as amended. 

X 

10.16+ 
 Letter Agreement by and between the Registrant and Lonza Ltd, dated June 19, 2018. 
 S-1 
 333-238630 
 10.17 
 May 22, 2020 

10.17+ 
 Master Services Agreement for Drug Product Development and Manufacturing between Registrant and Lonza Ltd., dated March 22, 2022, as amended. 

X 

166 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
 Description 
 Schedule/Form 
 File Number 
 Exhibits 
 Filing Date 

10.18+ 
 Amended and Restated SutroVax Agreement by and between the Registrant and Sutro Biopharma, Inc., dated October 12, 2015, as amended. 
 S-1 
 333-238630 
 10.18 
 May 22, 2020 

10.19+ 
 Supply Agreement by and between the Registrant and Sutro Biopharma, Inc., dated May 29, 2018, as amended. 

X 

10.20+ 
 Option Grant Agreement by and between Registrant and Sutro Biopharma, Inc., dated December 19, 2022. 

X 

10.21+ 
 License Agreement by and between the Registrant and The Regents of the University of California, represented by its San Diego campus, dated February 4, 2019. 
 S-1 
 333-238630 
 10.20 
 May 22, 2020 

10.22+ 
 Lease Agreement by and between the Company and ARE-San Francisco No. 63, LLC, dated as of January 21, 2021 
 8-K 
 001-39323 
 10.1 
 January 25, 2021 

23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 

24.1 
 Power of Attorney. Reference is made to the signature page hereto. 

X 

31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

X 

167 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
 Description 
 Schedule/Form 
 File Number 
 Exhibits 
 Filing Date 

31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

X 

32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

X 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

X 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

X 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

X 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

X 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

X 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

X 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

X 

X Filed herewith. 
 + Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K, certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted (indicated by [ ] because we have determined that the information is not material and is the type that we treat as private or confidential. 
 Schedules and exhibits to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request; provided, however, that we may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any schedule or exhibit so furnished. 
 The certification attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 168 

SIG NATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

Vaxcyte, Inc. 

Date: February 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Grant E. Pickering 

Grant E. Pickering 

Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Grant E. Pickering and Andrew Guggenhime, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, each with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact or their substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Grant E. Pickering 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Grant E. Pickering 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Andrew Guggenhime 
 
 President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Andrew Guggenhime 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Elvia Cowan 
 
 Senior Vice President, Finance 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Elvia Cowan 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Carlos Paya, M.D., Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Carlos Paya, M.D., Ph.D. 

/s/ Annie Drapeau 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Annie Drapeau 

/s/ Halley Gilbert 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Halley Gilbert 

/s/ Peter Hirth, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Peter Hirth, Ph.D. 

/s/ Michael Kamarck, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Michael Kamarck, Ph.D. 

/s/ Teri Loxam 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Teri Loxam 

/s/ Heath Lukatch, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 27, 2023 

Heath Lukatch, Ph.D. 

169 

<EX-10>
 2
 pcvx-ex10_11.htm
 EX-10.11

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.11 

September 29, 2021 

Harpreet S. Dhaliwal 
 _________________ 
 _________________ 
 
 Dear Harp, 
 I am pleased to offer you a position with Vaxcyte, Inc. (the Company as Senior Vice President, Commercial Manufacturing Supply Chain reporting to me, on the following terms (collectively, the Agreement ). If you accept our offer, your first day of employment will be October 1, 2021, or as otherwise mutually agreed Start Date ). 
 You will receive a base salary of 375,000.00 per annum 31,250.00 monthly) , which will be paid semi monthly in accordance with the Company s normal payroll procedures Base Salary ). You will also be eligible to earn an annual cash bonus up to 35.0 of your Base Salary Annual Bonus ), prorated for 2021 based on your Start Date. The actual amount of the Annual Bonus will be determined at the sole discretion of the Company s Board based upon measures of Company performance and shall not be earned until paid. Any Annual Bonus will be paid within two and one-half (2.5) months after the end of the calendar year to which the Annual Bonus relates. 
 You will also receive a 15,000.00 one-time sign on bonus, payable on the first payroll after your start date. If you voluntarily terminate employment from the Company at any time before your one-year anniversary of employment with the Company, you will be required to repay this bonus amount in full. By signing this offer letter, you agree that the Company may deduct the full amount of your sign on bonus from your final paycheck. 
 As an employee, you will be eligible to receive certain employee benefits including participation in the Company Option Plan. The details of these employee benefits are explained in Exhibit A . You should note that the Company may modify job titles, salaries and benefits from time to time as it deems necessary. 
 Vaxcyte, Inc., 353 Hatch Drive, Foster City, CA 94404 
 
 The Company is excited about your joining and looks forward to a mutually beneficial and productive relationship. Nevertheless, you should be aware that your employment with the Company is for no specified period and constitutes at will employment. As a result, you are free to resign at any time, for any reason or for no reason. Similarly, the Company is free to conclude its employment relationship with you at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice. We request that, in the event of resignation, you give the Company at least two weeks notice. 
 For purposes of federal immigration law, you will be required to provide to the Company documentary evidence of your identity and eligibility for employment in the United States. Such documentation must be provided to us within three (3) business days of your date of hire, or our employment relationship with you may be terminated. 
 We also ask that, if you have not already done so, you disclose to the Company any and all agreements relating to your prior employment that may affect your eligibility to be employed by the Company or limit the manner in which you may be employed. It is the Company s understanding that any such agreements will not prevent you from performing the duties of your position and you represent that such is the case. Moreover, you agree that, during the term of your employment with the Company, you will not engage in any other employment, occupation, consulting or other business activity, nor will you engage in any other activities that conflict with your obligations to the Company. Similarly, you agree not to bring any third party confidential information to the Company, including that of your former employers, and that in performing your duties for the Company you will not in any way utilize any such information. 
 As a Company employee, you will be expected to abide by the Company s rules and standards, including any policies and procedures. Specifically, you will be required to sign an acknowledgment that you have read and that you understand the Company s rules of conduct which are included in the Company Employee Handbook. 
 As a condition of your employment, you are also required to sign and comply with an At Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment CIIA which requires, among other provisions, the assignment of patent rights to any invention made during your employment at the Company, and non disclosure of Company proprietary information. 
 This Agreement will in all respects be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law rules. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of any other agreement between you and the Company, the terms of this Agreement will be controlling. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of, be binding on, and enforceable by the parties and their successors or assigns to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession or assignment had taken place. 
 Vaxcyte, Inc., 353 Hatch Drive, Foster City, CA 94404 
 
 This Agreement, including its exhibits and any documents referenced in it or Exhibit A, constitutes the entire agreement between you and the Company regarding the terms of your employment with the Company and supersedes any prior representations or agreements regarding such employment, including, but not limited to, any representations made during your recruitment, interviews or pre employment negotiations, whether written or oral. This Agreement, including, but not limited to, its at will employment provision, may not be modified or amended except by a written agreement signed by the CEO of the Company and you. To accept the Company s offer, please sign and date this letter in the space provided below. This offer of employment will terminate if not accepted, signed and returned by September 30, 2021. 
 Your employment is contingent upon the following: (1) passing background and reference checks; (2) executing a Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement (CIIAA); and (3) providing legal proof of your identity and authorization to work in US. 
 We look forward to your favorable reply and to working with you at Vaxcyte. 
 Sincerely, 

/s/ Grant E. Pickering 
 Grant E. Pickering 
 CEO 
 Vaxcyte, Inc. 
 Attachments: 
 Employee Benefits (Exhibit A) 
 
 Agreed to and accepted: 
 Signature:	 __/s/ Harpreet S. Dhaliwal ______ 
 Printed Name: ___ Harpreet S. Dhaliwal_______ 
 Date:	 __ Sept. 29, 2021 _____________ 

Vaxcyte, Inc., 353 Hatch Drive, Foster City, CA 94404 
 
 Exhibit A 
 
 Employee Benefits 
 In connection with the commencement of your employment, the Company will grant you an option to purchase 100,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock with an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of the grant. 

The Company has also agreed that, in connection with the Company s 2022 annual equity grant to current employees (the Annual Equity Grant ), the Company will grant to you either an option to purchase 25,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock with an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of grant (the Additional Grant ), or, if the Annual Equity Grant includes awards of RSUs, an RSU award with a value equivalent to the value of the Additional Grant based on the ratio of options to RSUs that is utilized by the Company in the Annual Equity Grant. For clarity, the Additional Grant (or equivalent RSU award) will be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any equity grant you may receive as a current employee pursuant to the Annual Equity Grant. 

Employee Benefit Plans. You will be eligible for Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Short-term Disability and Long-term Disability insurance benefits Applicable to all similarly situated employees. You will also be eligible to participate in the Company s 401(k) Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), Flexible Spending Plan(s) (FSA), Health Savings Plan (HSA) and Commuter Plan. 

The Company will reimburse you for all reasonable business expenses, in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement policies. 

Vaxcyte, Inc., 353 Hatch Drive, Foster City, CA 94404 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 pcvx-ex10_15.htm
 EX-10.15

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.15 
 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. 
 Development and Manufacturing Services Agreement 
 (the Agreement 

by and between 

Lonza Ltd 

M nchensteinerstrasse 38 

CH-4002 Basel 

Switzerland 

- hereinafter Lonza - 

and 

SutroVax Inc. 

400 E Jamie Ct #205 

South San Francisco, CA 94080 

United States 

- hereinafter Customer - 

Effective as of October 21, 2016 (the Effective Date 
 Table of Contents 

Page 

1 
 
 Definitions and Interpretation 

1 

2 
 
 Performance of Services 

5 

3 
 
 Project Management / Steering Committee 

7 

4 
 
 Quality 

7 

5 
 
 Insurance 

8 

6 
 
 Forecasting, Ordering and Cancellation 

8 

7 
 
 Delivery and Acceptance 

10 

8 
 
 Price and Payment 

11 

9 
 
 Capital Equipment 

12 

10 
 
 Intellectual Property 

12 

11 
 
 Warranties 

13 

12 
 
 Indemnification and Liability 

14 

13 
 
 Confidentiality 

15 

14 
 
 Term and Termination 

16 

15 
 
 Force Majeure 

17 

16 
 
 Miscellaneous 

18 

Appendix A 
 Appendix B 
 Appendix C 

Recitals 
 WHEREAS, Customer is engaged in the development and research of certain products and requires assistance in the development and manufacture of product; 
 WHEREAS, Lonza and its Affiliates have expertise in the evaluation, development and manufacture of products; 
 WHEREAS, Customer wishes to engage Lonza for Services relating to the development and manufacture of the Product as described in this Agreement; and 
 WHEREAS, Lonza, or its Affiliate, is prepared to perform such Services for Customer on the terms and subject to the conditions set out herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: 
 1	Definitions and Interpretation 

Affiliate 
 
 means any company, partnership or other entity which directly or indirectly Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with the relevant Party. Control means the ownership of more than fifty percent (50 of the issued share capital or the legal power to direct or cause the direction of the general management and policies of the relevant Party. 

Agreement 
 
 means this agreement incorporating all Appendices, as amended from time to time by written agreement of the Parties. 

Applicable Laws 
 
 means all relevant U.S. and European Union federal, state and local laws, statutes, rules, and regulations which are applicable to a Party s activities hereunder, including, without limitation, the applicable regulations and guidelines of any Governmental Authority and all applicable cGMP together with amendments thereto. 

Approval 
 
 means the first marketing approval by the FDA or EMA of Product from the Facility for commercial supply. 

Background Intellectual Property 
 
 means any Intellectual Property either (i) owned or controlled by a Party prior to the Effective Date or (ii) developed or acquired by a Party independently from the performance of the Services hereunder during the Term of this Agreement, and, in the case of Lonza, without use or reliance on Customer Materials or Customer Information, and, in the case of the Customer, without use or reliance on Lonza materials or Lonza Information. 

Batch 
 
 means the Product derived from a single run of the Manufacturing Process at a scale to be mutually agreed by the Parties. 

Batch Price 
 
 means the Price of each Batch. 

Campaign 
 
 means a series of no less than [ ] cGMP Batches manufactured consecutively. 

Cancellation Fee 
 
 has the meaning given in Clause 6.5. 

Capital Equipment 
 
 means those certain pieces of equipment described in the Project Plan: (i) that are specific to the production of the Product and (ii) that are purchased by Customer or for which Customer reimburses Lonza, including, without limitation, the related documentation regarding the design, validation, operation, calibration and maintenance of such equipment. 

Certificate of Analysis 
 
 means a document prepared by Lonza listing tests performed by Lonza or approved External Laboratories, the Specifications and test results. 

cGMP 
 
 means those laws and regulations applicable in the U.S. and Europe, relating to the manufacture of medicinal products for human use, including, without limitation, current good manufacturing practices as specified in the ICH guidelines, including without limitation, ICH Q7A ICH Good Manufacturing Practice Guide for Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients , US Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act at 21CFR (Chapters 210, 211, 600 and 610) and the Guide to Good Manufacturing Practices for Medicinal Products as promulgated under European Directive 91/356/EEC. For the avoidance of doubt, Lonza s operational quality standards are defined in internal cGMP policy documents. 

cGMP Batches 
 
 means any Batches which are required under the Project Plan to be manufactured in accordance with cGMP. 

Change 
 
 means any change to the Services or pricing incorporated into a written amendment to the Agreement in accordance with clause 16.2 or effected in accordance with the Quality Agreement. 

Commencement Date 
 
 means the date of commencement of manufacturing activities for a Batch hereunder. 

Confidential Information 
 
 means Customer Information and/or Lonza Information, as the context requires. 

Customer Information 
 
 means all technical and other information which at the time of disclosure by Customer was not known to Lonza or in the public domain relating to the Manufacturing Process and the Product, from time to time supplied by the Customer to Lonza, including any materials supplied by Customer to Lonza in accordance with the Project Plan. 

Customer Materials 
 
 means any Raw Materials, components of Product, or other materials of any nature provided by Customer. 

EMA 
 
 means the European Medicines Agency or any successor agency thereto. 

Engineering Batches 
 
 means a Batch that is intended to demonstrate the transfer of the Manufacturing Process to the Facility. 

External Laboratories 
 
 means any Third Party instructed by Lonza, with Customer s prior consent, which is to conduct activities required to complete the Services. 

Facility 
 
 means Lonza s manufacturing facilities in Visp, Switzerland, or such other Lonza facility as may be agreed upon by the Parties. 

FDA 
 
 means the United States Food and Drug Administration, or any successor agency thereto. 

Governmental Authority 
 
 means any Regulatory Authority and any national, multi-national, regional, state or local regulatory agency, department, bureau, or other governmental entity in the U.S., Switzerland or the European Union. 

Intellectual Property 
 
 means (i) inventions (whether or not patentable), patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, trade names and domain names, rights in designs, rights in computer software, database rights, rights in confidential information (including know-how) and any other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered, (ii) all applications (or rights to apply) for, and renewals or extensions of, any of the rights described in the foregoing clause (i) and (iii) and all rights and applications that are similar or equivalent to the rights and application described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), which exist now, or which come to exist in the future, in any part of the world. 

Lonza Information 
 
 means all information that is proprietary to Lonza or any Affiliate of Lonza and that is maintained in confidence by Lonza or any Affiliate of Lonza and that is disclosed by Lonza or 

any Affiliate of Lonza to Customer under or in connection with this Agreement, including without limitation, any and all Lonza know-how and trade secrets. 

Manufacturing Process 
 
 means the production process provided by Customer for the manufacture of Product, as such process may be improved or modified from time to time by agreement of the Parties in writing. 

Master Batch Record 
 
 means the document, proposed by Lonza and approved by Customer, which defines the manufacturing methods, test methods and other procedures, directions and controls associated with the manufacture and testing of Product. 

New Customer Intellectual Property 
 
 has the meaning given in Clause 10.2. 

New General Application Intellectual Property 
 
 has the meaning given in Clause 10.3. 

Party 
 
 means each of Lonza and Customer and, together, the Parties . 

Price 
 
 means the price for the Services and Products as set out in Appendix A. 

Process Validation Batch 
 
 means a Batch that is produced with the intent to show reproducibility of the Manufacturing Process and is required to complete process validation studies. 

Product or Products 
 
 means the proprietary molecule identified by Customer as CRM12 (Lonza code: SUO-001) and Polysaccharide + CRM12 Conjugates (Lonza code: SUO-002), to be manufactured using the Manufacturing Process by Lonza for Customer as specified in the Project Plans. 

Project Plan or Project Plans 
 
 means the plans describing the Services to be performed by Lonza under this Agreement, including any update and amendment of the Project Plan to which the Parties may agree from time to time. The initial Project Plans are attached hereto as Appendix A. 

Quality Agreement 
 
 means the quality agreement, attached hereto as Appendix B, setting out the responsibilities of the Parties in relation to quality as required for compliance with cGMP. 

Raw Materials 
 
 means all ingredients, solvents, consumables and other components of the Product required to perform the Manufacturing Process or Services set forth in the bill of materials detailing the same (including Resins but excluding any consumables or wearables). 

Raw Materials Fee 
 
 means the procurement and handling fee of [ ] of the acquisition cost of Raw Materials (save for polysaccharides for conjugation that are provided by Sutrovax) by Lonza that is charged to the Customer in addition to the cost of such Raw Materials. Resins are charged at a fee of [ ] as set forth in Clause 8.3. 

Regulatory Authority 
 
 means the FDA, EMA and any other similar regulatory authorities as may be agreed upon in writing by the Parties. 

Release 
 
 has the meaning given in Clause 7.1. 

Resin 
 
 means the chromatographic media and/or UF membranes intended to refine or purify the Product, as specified in the Master Batch Record. 

Services 
 
 means all or any part of the services to be performed by Lonza under this Agreement (including, without limitation, process and analytical method transfer, process development, process optimization, validation, clinical and commercial manufacturing, as well as quality control and quality assurance activities), particulars of which are set out in a Project Plan. 

Specifications 
 
 means the analytical tests and acceptance criteria of the Product as specified in Appendix C, which may be amended from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 

Term 
 
 has the meaning given in Clause 14.1. 

Third Party 
 
 means any party other than Customer, Lonza and their respective Affiliates. 

In this Agreement references to the Parties are to the Parties to this Agreement, headings are used for convenience only and do not affect its interpretation, references to a statutory provision include references to the statutory provision as modified or re-enacted or both from time to time and to any subordinate legislation made under the statutory provision, references to the singular include the plural and vice versa, and references to the word including are to be construed without limitation. 
 2	Performance of Services 
 2.1	 Performance of Services . Subject to Clause 2.3, Lonza shall itself and through its Affiliates, diligently carry out the Services as provided in the Project Plan and use commercially reasonable efforts to perform the Services without any material defect and according to the estimated timelines as set forth in the Project Plan. Lonza shall retain appropriately qualified and trained personnel with the requisite knowledge and experience to perform the Services in accordance with this Agreement. Lonza may subcontract or delegate any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement to perform the Services; provided, that any External Laboratories shall be subject to the same obligations and other provisions contained in this Agreement or any applicable Project Plan, including obligations of confidentiality at least as stringent, and as protective of Customer, as those obligations of confidence and non-use imposed upon Lonza and provided that such External Laboratories shall be subject to obligations to act diligently. Lonza shall not be responsible for analytical lab services performed by External Laboratories. 
 2.2	 Technology Transfer . The Parties expressly agree that they shall work together to transfer the Manufacturing Process to the Facility, including implementing the technology transfer plan set forth in Project Plan. Customer shall fully support such technology transfer as reasonably requested by Lonza. 
 2.3	 Engineering Batches . Lonza shall manufacture Engineering Batches in accordance with the Project Plan. Customer shall have the- right to make whatever further use of the non-cGMP Engineering Batches as it shall determine, provided that Customer pays for such Batches, such use is not for human use and does not violate any Applicable Laws. Lonza makes no warranty that Engineering Batches will meet cGMP or the Specifications. If Lonza determines that an Engineering Batch does meet cGMP and the Specifications, it will release such Engineering Batch as a cGMP Batch. Regardless of whether any Engineering Batch meets cGMP or the Specifications, Customer shall pay to Lonza the Price for such Engineering Batch that were executed in accordance with mutually agreed plans and meet a mutually agreed specification for bioburden, plus the Raw Materials Fee associated with such Engineering Batches. If the Engineering Batch was not performed in accordance with mutually agreed plans or does not meet the agreed bioburden specification, then Lonza shall bear the costs of replacing the Batch, the Raw Materials and Customer Materials for any replacement Engineering Batch. For each CRM12 batch, the Raw Materials liability may be up to a maximum amount of [ ]. For each bioconjugate batch, the Raw Materials liability (i) during storage of each bioconjugate batch is limited to [ ], (ii) for manufacturing of each bioconjugate batch is limited to [ ] and (iii) per manufacturing campaign is limited to [ ]. 
 2.4	 cGMP Batches . Lonza will, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and Quality Agreement, manufacture at the Facility and Release to Customer, cGMP Batches that comply with the Manufacturing Process, cGMP and the Specifications, together with a Certificate of Analysis; provided, however, that cGMP manufacture shall not commence until at least [ ] has been manufactured in compliance with cGMP and Specifications. Lonza will bear the risk of replacing any Raw Materials or Customer Materials that were consumed in any cGMP Batch that does not meet the Specifications and is not released to Customer, and after [ ], Lonza will bear the risk of replacing any Batch that does not meet the Specifications. For each CRM12 batch, the Raw 
 Materials liability may be up to a maximum amount of [ ]. (i) during storage of each bioconjugate batch is limited to [ ], (ii) for manufacturing of each bioconjugate batch is limited to [ ] and (iii) per manufacturing campaign is limited to [ ]. Prior to commencement of cGMP manufacturing, Lonza shall review the process assumptions. In the event that there is a material difference in the process assumptions as compared with the process results demonstrated during the manufacture of Engineering Batches, the Parties shall meet to discuss in good faith a revision to the Batch Price to reflect such difference. 
 
 2.5	 Process Validation Batches . Lonza shall manufacture and deliver Process Validation Batches as mutually agreed by Parties sufficient to document the operability and reproducibility of the Manufacturing Process and permit the Parties to complete and file the necessary regulatory documents. 
 2.5.1	Prior to commencement of Process Validation Batches, Lonza and Customer shall agree a process validation plan identifying the validation requirements of the Manufacturing Process. All process validation activities are excluded from the Price of Process Validation Batches shall be approved by the Customer in advance and shall be paid for by the Customer at the Price set out in the applicable Project Plan. 
 2.5.2	Any regulatory support activities (including pre-Approval inspection) required and agreed to by Customer to support the Approval of the Product from the Facility shall be performed and supported by Lonza as reasonably requested by Customer. All such regulatory support activities are excluded from the Price of Process Validation Batches, shall be approved by the Customer in advance, and shall be paid for by the Customer at the Price set out in the applicable Project Plan. 
 2.6	 Supply of Customer Information and Customer Materials . Customer shall supply to Lonza all Customer Information and Customer Materials and other information or materials that may be reasonably required by Lonza to perform the Services. Lonza shall not be responsible for any delays arising out of Customer s failure to provide such Customer Information, Customer Materials, or other information or materials reasonably required to perform the Services to Lonza, and [ ]. Lonza hereby undertakes not to use the Customer Materials or Customer Information (or any part thereof) for any purpose other than the performance of the Services under this Agreement. With respect to any Customer Materials, title shall remain with the Customer and shall not transfer to Lonza. 
 2.7	 Raw Materials . Lonza shall procure all required Raw Materials as well as consumables other than those Raw Materials that are Customer Materials. Customer shall be responsible for payment for all consumables and Raw Materials ordered or irrevocably committed to be procured by Lonza hereunder. Upon cancellation of any Batch or termination of the Agreement, all unused Raw Materials shall be paid for by Customer within [ ] days of invoice and at Customer s option will either be (a) held by Lonza for future use for the production of Product, (b) delivered to Customer, or (c) disposed of by Lonza. 
 3	Project Management / Steering Committee 
 3.1	 Project Plans . With respect to a new project to be governed by this Agreement, a new Project Plan shall be added by agreement in a writing signed by the Parties and appended to Appendix A. Each Project Plan shall include a description of the Services to be provided, the Product to be manufactured, Specifications, a schedule for completion of the Project Plan, pricing details, and such other information as is necessary for relevant Services. In the event of a conflict between the terms of a Project Plan and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement will govern. 
 3.2	 Project Management . With respect to each Project Plan, each party will appoint a project manager who will be the party responsible for overseeing the Project Plan. 
 3.3	 Steering Committee . Each Party shall name a mutually agreed upon equal number of representatives for the Steering Committee, which shall meet twice per calendar year, or as otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties. In the event that a Steering Committee dispute cannot be resolved, such dispute shall be escalated to a senior executive of each of Customer and Lonza. 
 The primary function of the Steering Committee is to ensure the ongoing communication between the Parties and discuss and resolve any issues arising under this Agreement. In addition to the primary function described above, the Steering Committee shall also take on the following responsibilities: 
 3.3.1	discuss and seek resolution of issues around management of the Services; 
 3.3.2	agree and monitor deadlines and milestones for the Services; and 
 
 3.3.3	discuss and recommend any changes to the Services (although such changes will not take effect until they have been incorporated into a written amendment to the Project Plan which has been signed by the Parties). 
 3.4	 Person in Plant . Customer shall be permitted to have, [ ], [ ] at the Facility as reasonably requested by Customer, [ ] for the purpose of observing, reporting on, and consulting as to the performance of the Services. Such [ ] shall be subject to and agree to abide by confidentiality obligations to Third Parties and Lonza s customary practices and operating procedures regarding persons in plant, and such [ ] agrees to comply with all instructions of Lonza s employees at the Facility. 
 4	Quality 
 4.1	Responsibility for quality assurance and quality control of Product shall be allocated between Customer and Lonza as set forth in the Quality Agreement and in Lonza standard operating procedures. If there is a conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Quality Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall prevail. If the Quality Agreement is not in place at the Effective Date, Lonza and Customer commit to enter into the Quality Agreement in a timely manner, but in no event later than the commencement of cGMP manufacturing. 
 4.2	Provisions regarding inspections by Regulatory Authorities and audits shall be set out in the Quality Agreement. 
 5	Insurance 
 5.1	Customer shall, during the Term prior to any clinical use of the Product, obtain and maintain at its own cost and expense from a qualified insurance company, comprehensive general liability insurance in the amount of at least [ ]. Customer shall at least [ ] days prior to the first clinical use of a Product manufactured or Services provided under this Agreement, and for [ ] years after delivery of the last such Product, obtain and maintain at its own cost and expense from a qualified insurance company, comprehensive general liability insurance including, but not limited to product liability coverage in the amount of at least [ ]. Lonza shall, during the Term and for [ ] years after delivery of the last Product manufactured or Services provided under this Agreement, obtain and maintain at its own cost and expense from a qualified insurance company, comprehensive general liability insurance including, but not limited to product liability coverage in the amount of at least [ ]. Each Party shall provide the respective other Party with a certificate of such insurance upon reasonable request. 
 6	Forecasting, Ordering and Cancellation 
 6.1	 Forecasting . No later than the[ ] day of each [ ], Customer shall supply Lonza with a written forecast showing Customer s good faith estimated [ ] requirements for Batches for the following [ ] month period (the Forecast ). No later than [ ] following Lonza s receipt of a Forecast, Lonza shall provide written notice to Customer of [ ] and shall provide Customer with an estimated production schedule showing the estimated Commencement Date and delivery date of each Batch. The forecast and [ ] given in this Section 6.1 shall not be binding on Customer or Lonza. 
 6.2	 Purchase Orders . Customer shall place purchase orders binding on Customer for the number of Batches it wishes to order at least [ ] months (or earlier as may be [ ]) prior to the Commencement Date for such Batches in accordance with Lonza s most recent response to the Forecast. Each binding purchase order shall be signed by Customer and shall authorize Lonza to manufacture such Batches of the Product as are set forth therein. Lonza shall not be obligated to commence manufacture of any Batch unless and until such written purchase order is accepted in writing by Lonza. Any delivery date set forth in Lonza s written confirmation of a purchase order shall be an estimated delivery date only. All ordered Batches shall be scheduled in a single Campaign in each calendar year unless otherwise agreed by Lonza. Any additional or inconsistent terms or conditions of any Customer purchase order, acknowledgement or similar standardized form given or received pursuant to this Agreement shall have no effect and such terms and conditions are hereby rejected. 
 6.3	 Rescheduling . Lonza shall have the right to reschedule a Commencement Date of any Batch or Campaign upon reasonable prior written notice to Customer, provided that the rescheduled Commencement Date is no earlier 
 
 or no later than [ ] from the Commencement Date originally estimated at the time of Lonza s acceptance of the binding purchase order, and further provided that Customer is able to provide the necessary Customer Materials. If the Customer requests to change the Commencement Date, Lonza will make all reasonable attempts to accommodate the request; provided, however, in the event that this change would impact other projects scheduled for occupancy in the designated suite or suites, manufacture of the Customer s Batch or Campaign may be delayed until an adequate time period is available in the Facility schedule. Any such change requested by Customer may result in a rescheduling fee. Any delay requested by Customer of more than [ ] shall be considered a cancellation pursuant to Section 6.5. 
 6.4	 Cancellation of a Binding Purchase Order for Polysaccharide + CRM12 Conjugates . Customer may cancel a binding purchase order for Polysaccharide + CRM12 Conjugates upon written notice to Lonza, subject to the payment of a cancellation fee as calculated below (the Cancellation Fee ): 
 6.4.1	In the event that Customer provides written notice of cancellation to Lonza less than or equal to [ ] prior to the Commencement Date of one or more Batches, then [ ] of the Batch Price of each such Batch cancelled is payable; 
 6.4.2	In the event that Customer provides written notice of cancellation to Lonza more than [ ] but less than or equal to [ ] prior to the Commencement Date of one or more Batches, then [ ] of the Batch Price of each such Batch cancelled is payable; and 
 6.4.3	In the event that Customer provides written notice of cancellation to Lonza more than [ ] but less than or equal to [ ] prior to the Commencement Date of one or more Batches, then [ ] of the Batch Price of each such Batch cancelled is payable; and 
 6.4.4	In the event Customer provides written notice of cancellation more [ ] prior to the Commencement Date of a subject Batch, then [ ]. 
 6.4.5	Notwithstanding the provisions of this Clause 6.4, Lonza will use commercially reasonable efforts to reschedule its Facility to mitigate any losses from a cancellation, and if Lonza is able to reallocate any reserved capacity for the performance of services for any third party during the applicable period, then Customer s obligation to pay the amounts under Sections 6.4.1, 6.4.2 or 6.4.3, shall be reduced pro-rata based on the use of such capacity for such third party during the applicable period. 
 6.5	 Cancellation of a Binding Purchase Order for CRM 12 . Customer may cancel a binding purchase order for CRM 12 upon written notice to Lonza, subject to the payment of a cancellation fee as calculated below (the Cancellation Fee ): 
 6.5.1	In the event that Customer provides written notice of cancellation to Lonza less than or equal to [ ] prior to the Commencement Date of one or more Batches, then [ ] of the Batch Price of each such Batch cancelled is payable; 
 6.5.2	In the event Customer provides written notice of cancellation more than [ ] prior to the Commencement Date of a subject Batch, then [ ]. 
 Notwithstanding the provisions of this Clause 6.4, Lonza will use commercially reasonable efforts to reschedule its Facility to mitigate any losses from a cancellation, and if Lonza is able to reallocate any reserved capacity for the performance of services for any third party during the applicable period, then Customer s obligation to pay the amounts under Sections 6.4.1, 6.4.2 or 6.4.3, shall be reduced pro-rata based on the use of such capacity for such third party during the applicable period 
 6.6	 Payment of Cancellation Fee . Any Cancellation Fee shall be payable within [ ] following the written notice of cancellation associated with the cancelled Batch. Any Cancellation Fee shall include all costs associated with the cancelled Batch, including any Raw Materials. 
 
 6.7	 Replacement Project . Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lonza will use commercially reasonable efforts to secure a new project [ ] for the cGMP manufacturing space, [ ], and then, in such case, the Cancellation Fee for each Batch cancelled that is replaced by a Batch of the new project shall be reduced by an amount equal to [ ] of the production fees associated with such replacement Batch. 
 6.8	 Preferred Partnership . Customer and Lonza recognize the mutual strategic value of forging a long-term business relationship (hereinafter a Preferred Partnership ). Reflecting this Preferred Partnership, Customer agrees [ ] from the Effective Date of this Agreement to contract exclusively with Lonza for the manufacture of any and all [ ] provided that Lonza can manufacture said product a) [ ], b) [ ], and c) [ ]. 
 7	Delivery and Acceptance 
 7.1	 Delivery . All Product shall be delivered [ ] (as defined by Incoterms 2010). Lonza shall deliver to Customer the Certificate of Analysis and such other documentation as is reasonably required to meet all applicable regulatory requirements of the Governmental Authorities not later than the date of delivery of Batches (the Release ). With respect to any Customer Materials, title and risk of loss shall remain with the Customer and shall not transfer to Lonza. With respect to Product, title and risk of loss shall remain with Lonza until Release, and shall transfer to Customer upon Release in accordance with this provision. 
 7.2	 Storage . Customer shall arrange for shipment and take delivery of such Batch from the Facility, at Customer s expense, within [ ] after Release or pay applicable storage costs. Lonza shall provide storage on a bill and hold basis for such Batch(es) at no charge for up to [ ]; provided that any additional storage beyond [ ] will be subject to availability and, if available, will be charged to Customer and will be subject to a separate agreement. In addition to Section 8.2, Customer shall be responsible for all value added tax (VAT) and any other applicable taxes, levies, import, duties and fees of whatever nature imposed as a result of any storage. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in no event shall Lonza be required to store any Batch for more than [ ] after Release. Within [ ] following a written request from Lonza, Customer shall provide Lonza with a letter in form satisfactory to Lonza confirming the bill and hold status of each stored Batch. 
 7.3	 Acceptance/Rejection of Product . 
 7.3.1	Promptly following Release of Batches, Customer shall inspect such Batches and shall have the right to test such Batches to determine compliance with the Specifications. Customer shall notify Lonza in writing of any rejection of a Batch based on any claim that it fails to meet Specifications within [ ] of Release, after which time all unrejected Batches shall be deemed accepted. 
 7.3.2	In the event that Lonza believes that a Batch has been incorrectly rejected, Lonza may require that Customer provide to it Batch samples for testing. Lonza may retain and test the samples of such Batch. In the event of a discrepancy between Customer s and Lonza s test results such that Lonza s test results fall within relevant Specifications, or there exists a dispute between the Parties over the extent to which such failure is attributable to a given Party, the Parties shall cause an independent laboratory promptly to review records, test data and perform comparative tests and/or analyses on samples of the Product that allegedly fails to conform to Specifications. Such independent laboratory shall be mutually agreed upon by the Parties. The independent laboratory s results shall be in writing and shall be final and binding save for manifest error. Unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties in writing, the costs associated with such testing and review shall be borne by the Party against whom the independent laboratory rules. 
 7.3.3	Lonza shall replace any Batch that failed to conform with the Specifications (a Failed Batch ), in the event that it is determined (by the Parties or the independent laboratory) that such failure was [ ] Lonza Responsibility ). If any replacement cGMP Batch provided as replacement for a Failed Batch also fails to conform to the Specifications, then the Steering Committee shall decide in its sole discretion, [ ]. Such replacement shall be made as promptly as practicable, in light of available manufacturing capacity, after the confirmation of Lonza Responsibility, and in any case as soon as reasonably possible after confirmation of Lonza Responsibility. Where possible, such replacement Batch shall be manufactured with the next scheduled cGMP Batch or Campaign. [ ] acknowledges and agrees that [ ] with respect to a Failed Batch that is a Lonza Responsibility [ ], and in 
 
 furtherance thereof, [ ]. Lonza shall not be responsible for the cost of Raw Materials or Customer Materials consumed in any Failed Batch except to the extent set forth in this Clause 7.3.3. 
 8	Price and Payment 
 8.1	Pricing for the Services provided by Lonza are set out in, and based on the assumptions and information set out in, the applicable Project Plan. In the event of changes to the Services based on Customer s request, Customer shall bear all additional costs. 
 8.2	Unless otherwise indicated in writing by Lonza, all Prices and charges are exclusive of value added tax (VAT) and of any other applicable taxes, levies, import, duties and fees of whatever nature imposed by or under the authority of any government or public authority and all such charges applicable to the Services (other than taxes on Lonza s income) shall be paid by Customer. When sending payment to Lonza, the Customer shall quote the relevant invoice number in its remittance advice. 
 8.3	Lonza shall issue invoices to Customer for [ ] of the Price for Products or Services upon commencement thereof and [ ] upon Release of applicable Batches or completion of applicable Services, unless otherwise stated in the Project Plan. Charges for Raw Materials and the Raw Materials Fee for each Batch shall be invoiced upon the Release of each Batch. Charges for Resins shall be invoiced by Lonza upon placement of purchase orders for such Resins by Lonza at cost plus a fee of [ ]. All invoices are strictly net and payment must be made within [ ] of date of invoice. Payment shall be made without deduction, deferment, set-off, lien or counterclaim. 
 8.4	If in default of payment of any undisputed invoice on the due date, interest shall accrue on any amount overdue at the lesser of (i) rate of [ ] per month above the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) or (ii) the maximum rate allowable by applicable law, interest to accrue on a day to day basis until full payment; and Lonza shall, at its sole discretion, and without prejudice to any other of its accrued rights, be entitled to suspend the provision of the Services and or delivery of Product until all overdue amounts have been paid in full including interest for late payments. 
 8.5	Price adjustments. 
 8.5.1	Not more than once per calendar year, Lonza may adjust the Price in accordance with the [ ] for the previous calendar year. The new Price reflecting such Batch Price adjustment shall be effective for any Batch for which the Commencement Date is on or after the date of Lonza s notice to Customer of the Price adjustment. 
 8.5.2	In addition to the above, the Price may be changed by Lonza, upon reasonable prior written notice to Customer (providing reasonable detail in support thereof), to reflect (i) an increase in variable costs (such as energy or Raw Materials) by more than [ ] (based on the initial Price or any previously amended Price), or for a process adjustment or assumption changes, and (ii) any material change in an environmental, safety or regulatory standard that substantially impacts Lonza s cost and ability to perform the Services. 
 9	Capital Equipment 
 9.1	Any Capital Equipment required for the performance of the Services shall be acquired on terms to be agreed by the Parties prior to commencement of the relevant Services. 
 10	Intellectual Property 
 10.1	Except as expressly otherwise provided herein, neither Party will, as a result of this Agreement, acquire any right, title, or interest in any Background Intellectual Property of the other Party. 
 10.2	Subject to Clause 10.3, Customer shall own all right, title, and interest in and to any and all Intellectual Property that Lonza and/or its Affiliates, the External Laboratories or other contractors or agents of Lonza develops, conceives, invents, first reduces to practice or makes, solely or jointly with Customer or others, in the performance of the Services, to the extent such Intellectual Property is a direct derivative of or improvement to the Product, Customer Materials, Customer Information and/or Customer Background Intellectual Property (collectively, the 
 
 New Customer Intellectual Property ). For avoidance of doubt, New Customer Intellectual Property shall include any material, processes or other items that solely embody, or that solely are claimed or covered by, any of the foregoing Intellectual Property, but excluding any New General Application Intellectual Property. 
 10.3	Notwithstanding Clause 10.2, and subject to the license granted in Clause 10.5, Lonza shall own all right, title and interest in Intellectual Property that Lonza and/or its Affiliates, the External Laboratories or other contractors or agents of Lonza, solely or jointly with Customer, develops, conceives, invents, or first reduces to practice or makes in the course of performance of the Services to the extent such Intellectual Property (i) [ ], or (ii) [ ] New General Application Intellectual Property ). For avoidance of doubt, New General Application Intellectual Property shall include any material, processes or other items that embody, or that are claimed or covered by, any of the foregoing Intellectual Property. 
 10.4	Lonza hereby assigns to Customer all of its right, title and interest in any New Customer Intellectual Property. Lonza shall execute, and shall require its personnel as well as its Affiliates, External Laboratories or other contractors or agents and their personnel involved in the performance of the Services to execute, any documents reasonably required to confirm Customer s ownership of the New Customer Intellectual Property, and any documents required to apply for, maintain and enforce any patent or other right in the New Customer Intellectual Property. 
 10.5	Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (including the payment of the Price as required above), Lonza hereby grants to Customer a non-exclusive, world-wide, fully paid-up, irrevocable, transferable license, including the right to grant sublicenses, under the New General Application Intellectual Property, to research, develop, make, have made, use, sell and import the Product manufactured under this Agreement. 
 10.6	Customer hereby grants Lonza the non-exclusive right to use the Customer Information, Customer Background Intellectual Property and New Customer Intellectual Property during the Term solely for the purpose of fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, that no license is granted to any Customer Background Intellectual Property that is owned or controlled by Sutro Biopharma, Inc. 
 10.7	Customer will have the right to transfer the Manufacturing Process to itself and/or to any Third Party; provided, however, to the extent such technology transfer includes Lonza Confidential Information, or Lonza Background Intellectual Property, such technology transfer shall be subject to [ ], and a reasonable royalty and/or licensing fee and terms to be agreed upon by the Parties. [ ]. If [ ] the Manufacturing Process includes the use of any such additional royalty-bearing Lonza Confidential Information or Lonza Background Intellectual Property, then Customer will pay to Lonza an agreed royalty and/or other agreed payments for the use of Lonza Confidential Information or Lonza Background Intellectual Property. Lonza shall provide reasonably necessary documents to complete such technology transfer, including transfer of New General Application Intellectual Property, if applicable, and, subject to the terms and conditions of this Clause 10.7, Lonza Confidential Information or Lonza Background Intellectual Property, [ ] and Customer shall reimburse Lonza for any costs [ ] and expenses, provided that the total cost of such assistance (excluding any costs paid to Lonza for the use of Lonza s Confidential Information or Lonza Background Intellectual Property) will not exceed [ ]. 
 11	Warranties 
 11.1	Lonza warrants that: 
 11.1.1	the Services shall be performed in a professional and workmanlike manner and in accordance with all Applicable Laws; 
 11.1.2	Lonza will not knowingly include in the Manufacturing Process any elements that infringe any such intellectual or industrial property rights vested in any Third Party; 
 11.1.3	except with respect to any development services and Engineering Batches, the manufacture of Product shall be performed in accordance with cGMP and will meet the Specifications at the date of delivery; 
 
 11.1.4	it or its Affiliate holds all necessary permits, approvals, consents and licenses to enable it to perform the Services at the Facility; 
 11.1.5	it has the necessary corporate authorizations to enter into and perform this Agreement; 
 11.1.6	Lonza has never been debarred under the Generic Drug Enforcement Act of 1992, 21 U.S.C. Sec. 335a (a) or (b) (the Act ). In the event that during the term of this Agreement, Lonza (i) becomes debarred, suspended, excluded, sanctioned, or otherwise declared ineligible under the Act; Lonza agrees to promptly notify Customer. Lonza also agrees that in the event that it becomes debarred, suspended, excluded, sanctioned, or otherwise declared ineligible under the Act, it shall promptly cease all activities relating to this Agreement; 
 11.1.7	subject to payment of undisputed invoices, title to all Product and all New Customer Intellectual Property provided to Customer under this Agreement shall pass free and clear of any security interest, lien or other encumbrance in favour of Lonza; and 
 11.2	Customer warrants that: 
 11.2.1	as of the date of this Agreement to the best of the Customer s knowledge and belief, the Customer has all the rights necessary to permit Lonza to perform the Services without infringing the Intellectual Property rights of any Third Party and the performance of the Services shall not infringe any Third Party Intellectual Property rights; 
 11.2.2	Customer will promptly notify Lonza in writing if it receives or is notified of a formal written claim from a Third Party that Customer Information and/or Customer Intellectual Property or that the use by Lonza thereof for the provision of the Services infringes any Intellectual Property or other rights of any Third Party; and 
 11.2.3	Customer has the necessary corporate authorizations to enter into this Agreement. 
 11.3	 DISCLAIMER : THE WARRANTIES EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, BOTH EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
 11.4	Debarment. 
 11.4.1	In the event a party receives a notice from the other party Defaulting Party or otherwise becomes aware that a debarment, suspension, exclusion, sanction, or declaration of ineligibility action has been brought against the Defaulting Party; then the party receiving such notice shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately; provided that if such event shall occur, the party receiving such notice shall not have such right of termination. If the Defaulting Party is disputing and defending such action and the Defaulting Party is otherwise able to perform its services in the manner required under this Agreement. 
 11.4.2	Each party shall ensure that it will not knowingly use in any capacity the services of any individual, corporation, partnership or association which has been debarred under 21 U.S.C. Sec. 335a(a) or (b), or listed in the DHHS/OIG List of Excluded Individuals/Entities or the General Services Administration s Listing of Parties Excluded from Federal Procurement and Non-Procurement Programs. 
 12	Indemnification and Liability 
 12.1	 Indemnification by Lonza . Lonza shall indemnify the Customer, its Affiliates, and their respective officers, employees and agents Customer Indemnitees for any loss, damage, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney fees) that Customer Indemnitees may suffer as a result of any Third Party claim arising directly out of [ ] except, in each case, to the extent that such claims resulted from the negligence, intentional misconduct or breach of this Agreement by any Customer Indemnitees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lonza shall have no obligations under this clause 12.1 for any liabilities, expenses, or costs to the extent arising out of or relating to claims covered under clause 12.2. 
 
 12.2	 Indemnification by Customer . Customer shall indemnify Lonza, its Affiliates, and their respective officers, employees and agents Lonza Indemnitees from and against any loss, damage, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney fees) that Lonza lndemnitees may suffer as a result of any Third Party claim arising directly out of [ ]; except, in each case, to the extent that such claims resulted from the negligence, intentional misconduct or breach of this Agreement by any Lonza Indemnitees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer shall have no obligations under this clause 12.2 for any liabilities, expenses, or costs to the extent arising out of or relating to claims covered under clause 12.1. 
 12.3	 Indemnification Procedure . If the Party to be indemnified intends to claim indemnification under this Clause 12, it shall promptly notify the indemnifying Party in writing of such claim. The indemnitor shall have the right to control the defense and/or settlement thereof; provided, however, that (i) the indemnitor must obtain the prior written consent of the indemnitee (not to be unreasonably withheld) before entering into any settlement of such third party claim, and (ii) any indemnitee shall have the right to retain its own counsel at its own expense. The indemnitee, its employees and agents, shall reasonably cooperate with the indemnitor in the investigation of any liability covered by this Clause 12. The failure to deliver prompt written notice to the indemnitor of any claim, to the extent prejudicial to its ability to defend such claim, shall relieve the indemnitor of any obligation to the indemnitee under this Clause 12. 
 12.4	 DISCLAIMER OF CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES . IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR LOST REVENUES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT RESULTING FROM FRAUD, GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT AND/OR FOR EITHER PARTY S BREACH OF ARTICLE 13 HEREOF. 
 12.5	 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY . LONZA S LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED, IN THE AGGREGATE, [ ], EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT RESULTING FROM LONZA S FRAUD, GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT. 
 13	Confidentiality 
 13.1	A Party receiving Confidential Information (the Receiving Party agrees to strictly keep secret any and all Confidential Information received during the Term from or on behalf of the other Party (the Disclosing Party using at least the same level of measures as it uses to protect its own Confidential Information, but in any case at least commercially reasonable and customary efforts. Confidential Information shall include information disclosed in any form including but not limited to in writing, orally, graphically or in electronic or other form to the Receiving Party, observed by the Receiving Party or its employees, agents, consultants, or representatives, or otherwise learned by the Receiving Party under this Agreement, which the Receiving Party knows or reasonably should know is confidential or proprietary. 
 13.2	Notwithstanding the foregoing, Receiving Party may disclose to any courts and/or other authorities Confidential Information which is or will be required pursuant to applicable governmental or administrative or public law, rule, regulation or order. In such case the Party that received the Confidential Information will, to the extent legally permitted, inform the other Party promptly in writing and cooperate with the Disclosing Party in seeking to minimize the extent of Confidential Information which is required to be disclosed to the courts and/or authorities. 
 13.3	The obligation to maintain confidentiality under this Agreement does not apply to Confidential Information, which: 
 13.3.1	at the time of disclosure was publicly available; or 
 13.3.2	is or becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Agreement by the Receiving Party; or 
 13.3.3	as the Receiving Party can establish by competent proof, was rightfully in its possession at the time of disclosure by the Disclosing Party and had not been received from or on behalf of Disclosing Party; or 
 
 13.3.4	is supplied to a Party by a Third Party which was not in breach of an obligation of confidentiality to Disclosing Party or any other party; or 
 13.3.5	is developed by the Receiving Party independently from and without use of the Confidential Information, as evidenced by contemporaneous written records. 
 13.4	The Receiving party will use Confidential Information only for the purposes of this Agreement and will not make any use of the Confidential Information for its own separate benefit or the benefit of any Third Party including, without limitation, with respect to research or product development or any reverse engineering or similar testing. The Receiving Party agrees to return or destroy promptly (and certify such destruction) on Disclosing Party s request all written or tangible Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party, except that one copy of such Confidential Information may be kept by the Receiving Party in its confidential files for record keeping purposes only. 
 13.5	Each Party will restrict the disclosure of Confidential Information to such officers, employees, professional advisers, finance-providers, consultants and representatives of itself and its Affiliates who have been informed of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and who have a need to know such Confidential Information for the purpose of this Agreement or an applicable financing or acquisition. Both Parties may disclose Confidential Information of the other Party and its Affiliates to potential and actual acquirers provided such disclosure is limited to the terms of this Agreement. Customer also may disclose to its potential and actual: (i) acquirers and (ii) bona fide collaborators in the research, development and commercialization of the Products, the work product provided to Customer by Lonza as a consequence of the provision of the Services. Prior to disclosure to such persons, the Receiving Party shall inform the Disclosing Party and it shall bind its and its Affiliates officers, employees, consultants and representatives to confidentiality and non-use obligations no less stringent than those set forth herein. The Receiving Party shall notify the Disclosing Party as promptly as practicable of any unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information. 
 13.6	The Receiving Party shall at any time be fully liable for any and all breaches of the confidentiality obligations in this Clause 13 by any of its Affiliates or the employees, consultants, potential and actual acquirers, and representatives of itself or its Affiliates. 
 13.7	Each Party hereto expressly agrees that any breach or threatened breach of the undertakings of confidentiality provided under this Clause 13 by a Party may cause irreparable harm to the other Party and that money damages may not provide a sufficient remedy to the non-breaching Party for any breach or threatened breach. In the event of any breach and/or threatened breach, then, in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity, the non-breaching Party shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief and any other relief deemed appropriate by the non-breaching Party. 
 14	Term and Termination 
 14.1	 Term . This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Effective Date unless terminated earlier as provided herein or extended by mutual written consent of the Parties (the Term ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Project Plan may have separate term and termination provisions so long as the term of any Project Plan does not extend beyond the Term. 
 14.2	 Termination . This Agreement may be terminated as follows: 
 14.2.1	by either Party for any reason upon [ ] prior written notice; provided that Lonza may not provide such notice until after [ ]. In such an event all cancellation terms in this Agreement shall apply (except, in the case of termination by Lonza pursuant to Clause 14.2.1, the Cancellation Fees shalt not apply), and the Customer shall make payments for work commenced and performed under any purchase order(s) by Lonza prior to the termination notice date; 
 14.2.2	by either Party if the other Party breaches a material provision of this Agreement or a Project Plan and fails to cure such breach to the reasonable satisfaction of the non-breaching Party within [ ] following written notification of such breach from the non-breaching party to the breaching party; provided, however, that such [ ] 
 
 period shall be extended as agreed by the Parties if the identified breach is incapable of cure within [ ] and if the breaching Party provides a plan and timeline to cure the breach, promptly commences efforts to cure the breach and diligently prosecutes such cure [ ]; 
 14.2.3	by either Party, immediately, if the other Party becomes insolvent, is dissolved or liquidated, makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or files or has filed against it, a petition in bankruptcy or has a receiver appointed for a substantial part of its assets; or 
 14.2.4	by either Party pursuant to Clause 15. 
 14.3	 Consequences of Termination . In the event of termination hereunder, Lonza shall be compensated for (i) Services rendered up to the date of termination, including in respect of any Product in-process; (ii) all costs incurred through the date of termination, including Raw Materials costs and Raw Materials Fees for Raw Materials used or purchased for use in connection with the Project Plan; (iii) all unreimbursed Capital Equipment and related decommissioning charges incurred pursuant to Clause 9; (iv) all amounts due under Clause 6.4, without proration of the final calendar year and (v) any applicable Cancellation Fees. In the case of termination by Lonza for Customer s material breach, Cancellation Fees shall be calculated as of the date of written notice of termination. 
 14.4	 Survival . The rights and obligations of each Party which by their nature survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement, including Clauses 5, 10-13 and 16 (to the extent relevant). 
 15	Force Majeure 
 15.1	If Lonza is prevented or delayed in the performance of any of its obligations under the Agreement by Force Majeure and gives written notice thereof to Customer specifying the matters constituting Force Majeure together with such evidence as Lanza reasonably can give and specifying the period for which It Is estimated that such prevention or delay will continue, Lonza shall be excused from the performance or the punctual performance of such obligations as the case may be from the date of such notice for so long as such cause of prevention or delay shall continue. Provided that, if such Force Majeure persists for a period of [ ] or more, Customer may terminate this Agreement by delivering written notice to Lonza. 
 15.2	 Force Majeure shall be deemed to include any reason or cause beyond Lonza s reasonable control affecting the performance by Lonza of its obligations under the Agreement, including, but not limited to, any cause arising from or attributable to acts of God, strike, labor troubles, restrictive governmental orders or decrees, riots, insurrection, war, terrorist acts, or the inability of Lonza to obtain any required raw material, energy source, equipment, labor or transportation, at prices and on terms deemed by Lonza to be reasonably practicable, from Lonza s usual sources of supply. 
 15.3	With regard to Lonza, any such event of Force Majeure affecting services or production at its Affiliates or suppliers shall be regarded as an event of Force Majeure. 
 16	Miscellaneous 
 16.1	 Severability . If any provision hereof is or becomes at any time illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect, neither the legality, validity nor enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof shall in any way be affected or impaired thereby. The Parties hereto undertake to substitute any illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision by a provision which is as far as possible commercially equivalent considering the legal interests and the Purpose. 
 16.2	 Amendments . Modifications and/or amendments of this Agreement must be in writing and signed by the Parties. 
 16.3	 Assignment . Lonza shall be entitled to instruct one or more of its Affiliates to perform any of Lonza s obligations contained in this Agreement, but Lonza shall remain fully responsible in respect of those obligations. Neither Party may assign its interest under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, provided, however that either Party may assign 
 
 this Agreement to (i) any Affiliate of such Party or (ii) any third party in connection with the sale or transfer (by whatever method) of all or substantially all of the assets of the business or Product of such Party to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, consolidation, acquisition or other form of business combination. Any purported assignment without a required consent shall be void. No assignment shall relieve any Party of responsibility for the performance of any obligation that accrued prior to the effective date of such assignment. Lonza shall be entitled to sell, assign and/or transfer its trade receivables resulting from this Agreement without the consent of the Customer. 
 16.4	 Notice . All notices must be written and sent to the address of the Party first set forth above. All notices must be given (a) by personal delivery, with receipt acknowledged, (b) by facsimile followed by hard copy delivered by the methods under (c) or (d), (c) by prepaid certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, or (d) by prepaid recognized next business day delivery service. Notices will be effective upon receipt or at a later date stated in the notice. 
 16.5	 Governing Law/Jurisdiction . This Agreement is governed in all respects by the laws of [ ], without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. The Parties agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts [ ]. 
 16.6	 Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Parties as to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same document. Each party acknowledges that an original signature or a copy thereof transmitted by facsimile or by .pdf shall constitute an original signature for purposes of this Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , each of the Parties hereto has caused this Development and Manufacturing Services Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized representative effective as of the date written above. 

LONZA LTD 

By: 
 
 /s/ Bart A. M. van Aarnhem 

Name 
 
 Bart A. M. van Aarnhem 

Title 
 
 Senior Legal Counsel 

Date 
 
 26 October 2016 

By: 

Name 

Title 

Date 

SutroVax Inc. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Grant E. Pickering 

Name 
 
 Grant E. Pickering 

Title 
 
 President CEO 

Date 
 
 October 21, 2016 

APPENDIX A 
 Project Plan A-1 
 [Attached] 
 [ ] 
 Project Plan A - 2 
 [Attached] 
 {16 pages omitted} 
 [ ] 

APPENDIX B 
 Quality Agreement 
 [Attached] 
 {37 pages omitted} 
 [ ] 

APPENDIX C 
 Specifications 
 {9 pages omitted} 
 [ ] 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO DEVELOPMENT AND MANUFACTURING SUPPLY 
 AGREEMENT 
 This First Amendment First Amendment ), which comes into effect on January 1, 2017 (the First Amendment Effective Date ), is made by and between Lonza Ltd Lonza and SutroVax Inc SutroVax ). This First Amendment is to be incorporated as part of the Development and Manufacturing Agreement, dated October 21, 2016, between Lonza and SutroVax (the Original Agreement ). Lonza and Sutrovax, hereafter referred to as a Party and collectively as the Parties. 
 Whereas: 
 1.	Lonza and SutroVax entered into the Original Agreement , which the Parties now desire to amend; 
 2.	Sutrovax wishes to extend the Original Agreement in order to add the conjugation to the protein development and manufacturing; 
 Parties hereby agree that the following amendments are made pursuant to the Original Agreement: 
 1.	Project Plan A-2 (Polysaccharide + CRM12 Conjugates, Lonza code SUO-002), version 4, dated 04 January 2017 shall be added to Appendix A of the Original Agreement, in addition to the pre-existing Project Plan A-1 (Technology Transfer and cGMP Manufacturing of CRM12, Lonza code SUO-001). Project Plan A-2 is attached to this First Amendment as Annex 1 . 
 2.	All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Original Agreement. 
 3.	All other terms and conditions of the Original Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this First Amendment and the Original Agreement, the terms and conditions set forth in the Original Agreement shall control. 
 4.	No modification of or amendment to this First Amendment, nor any waiver of any rights under this First Amendment, will be effective unless in writing signed by the duly authorized representatives of both Parties, and the waiver of any breach or default will not constitute a waiver of any other right hereunder or any subsequent breach or default. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, SutroVax and Lonza hereby enter into this First Amendment, effective as of the First Amendment Effective Date. 
 [Signatures on following page] 

SUTROVAX INC 

LONZA LTD 

By: 
 
 /s/ Grant E. Pickering 

By: 
 
 /s/ Bart A M. van Aarnhem 

Name: 
 
 Grant E. Pickering 

Name: 
 
 Bart A M. van Aarnhem 

Title: 
 
 President CEO 

Title: 
 
 Senior Legal Counsel 

By: 

By: 
 
 /s/ Cordula Altekr ger 

Name: 

Name: 
 
 Cordula Altekr ger 

Title: 

Title: 
 
 Senior Legal Counsel 

Annex 1 
 Project Plan A-2 
 to 
 Development and Manufacturing Agreement 
 {24 pages omitted} 
 [ ] 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO DEVELOPMENT AND MANUFACTURING 
 SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
 This Second Amendment Second Amendment ), which comes into effect on July 1, 2017 (the Second Amendment Effective Date ), is made by and between Lonza Ltd Lonza and SutroVax Inc SutroVax ). This Second Amendment is to be incorporated as part of the Development and Manufacturing Agreement, dated October 21, 2016, between Lonza and SutroVax (the Original Agreement ). Lonza and SutroVax, hereafter referred to as a Party and collectively as the Parties. 
 Whereas: 

Lonza and SutroVax entered into the Original Agreement , which the Parties now desire to amend; 

SutroVax wishes to extend the Original Agreement in order to add generation of RCB/PCB for 24 S. pneumoniae strains. 

Parties hereby agree that the following amendments are made pursuant to the Original Agreement: 
 Project Plan A-3 (Generation of RCB/PCB of 24 S. pneumoniae strains, Lonza code SUO-005), version 2, dated 19 June 2017 shall be added to Appendix A of the Original Agreement, in addition to the pre-existing Project Plan A-1 (Technology Transfer and cGMP Manufacturing of CRM12, Lonza code SUO-001) and Project Plan A-2 (Polysaccharide + CRM12 Conjugates, Lonza code SUO-002); Project Plan A-3 is attached to this Second Amendment as Annex 1 . 
 1.	All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Original Agreement. 
 2.	All other terms and conditions of the Original Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Second Amendment and the Original Agreement, the terms and conditions set forth in the Original Agreement shall control. 
 3.	No modification of or amendment to this Second Amendment, nor any waiver of any rights under this Second Amendment, will be effective unless in writing signed by the duly authorized representatives of both Parties, and the waiver of any breach or default will not constitute a waiver of any other right hereunder or any subsequent breach or default. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, SutroVax and Lonza hereby enter into this Second Amendment, effective as of the Second Amendment Effective Date. 
 [Signatures on following page] 

SUTROVAX INC 
 
 LONZA LTD 

By: 
 
 /s/ Grant E. Pickering 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Marina Eiting 

Name: 
 
 Grant E. Pickering 
 
 Name: 
 
 Marina Eiting 

Title: 
 
 President CEO 
 
 Title: 
 
 PM 

By: 

By: 
 
 /s/ Andreas Brunner 

Name: 

Name: 
 
 Andreas Brunner 

Title: 

Title: 
 
 Director 

Annex 1 
 Project Plan A-3 
 to 
 Development and Manufacturing Agreement 
 {11 pages omitted} 
 [ ] 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO DEVELOPMENT AND MANUFACTURING 
 SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
 This Third Amendment Third Amendment ), which comes into effect on September 26, 2017 (the Third Amendment Effective Date ), is made by and between Lonza Ltd Lonza and SutroVax Inc SutroVax ). This Third Amendment is to be incorporated as part of the Development and Manufacturing Agreement, dated October 21, 2016, between Lonza and SutroVax (the Original Agreement ). Lonza and SutroVax, hereafter referred to as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 
 Where 

1. 
 Lonza and SutroVax entered into the Original Agreement , which the Parties now desire to amend; 

2. 
 SutroVax wishes to extend the Original Agreement in order to add the production of 25 Polysaccharides to the pneumococcal conjugate vaccine project. 

Parties hereby agree that the following amendments are made pursuant to the Original Agreement: 
 1.	All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Original Agreement 
 2.	Project Plan A-4 (cGMP Supply of 25 Polysaccharides for a Multi-Valent Pneumococcal Vaccine, Lonza code SUO-005), version 5, dated September 15, 2017 shall be added to Appendix A of the Original Agreement, in addition to the pre-existing Project Plan A-1 (Technology Transfer and cGMP Manufacturing of CRM12, Lonza code SUO-001), Project Plan A-2 (Polysaccharide + CRM12 Conjugates, Lonza code SUO-002), version 4, dated 22 December 2016, and Project Plan A-3 (Generation of RCB/PCB of 24 S. pneumonia strains, Lonza code SUO-005), version 2, dated 19 June 2017. Project Plan A-4 is attached to this Third Amendment as Annex 1 . 
 3.	The Parties hereby agree that the current definition of Background Intellectual Property shall be deleted in its entire and shall be replaced by the following: 

Background Intellectual Property 
 
 means any Intellectual Property either (i) owned, licensed or controlled by a Party prior to the Effective Date or (ii) developed or acquired by a Party independently from the performance of the Services hereunder during the Term of this Agreement, and, in the case of Lonza, without the use or reliance on Customer Materials or Customer Information, and, in the case of the Customer, without use or reliance on Lonza materials or Lonza information. 

4.	The Parties hereby agree that the current definition of Product shall be deleted in its entire and shall be replaced by the following: 

Product 
 
 means the proprietary molecules identified by Customer in the applicable Project Plan, including: (a) CRM12 (Lonza code: SUO-001); (b) Polysaccharide + CRM12 Conjugates (Lonza code: SUO-002); (c) RCB/PCB of 24 S. pneumoniae strains (Lonza code SUO-005); and (d) 25 Polysaccharides (Lonza code SUO-006). 

5.	The Parties hereby agree that the current definition of Raw Material Fee shall be deleted in its entire and shall be replaced by the following: 

Raw Material Fee 
 
 means the procurement and handling fee of [ ] of the acquisition cost of Raw Materials by Lonza that is charged to the Customer in addition to the cost of such Raw Materials. Resins are charged at a fee of [ ] as set forth in Clause 8.3. 

6.	The Parties hereby agree that the current clause 6.5 shall be deleted in its entire and shall be replaced by the following clause: 
 6.5	 Cancellation of a Binding Purchase Order for CRM12 and/or for the manufacturing of polysaccharides Batches . Customer may cancel a binding purchase order for CRM12 and/or for the manufacturing of polysaccharides Betches upon written notice to Lonza, subject to the payment of a cancellation fee as calculated below (the Cancellation Fee ): 
 6.5.1	In the event that Customer provides written notice of cancellation to Lonza less than or equal to [ ] prior to the Commencement Date of one or more Batches, then [ ] of the Batch Price of each such Batch cancelled is payable; 
 6.5.2	In the event Customer provides written notice of cancellation more than [ ] prior to the Commencement Date of a subject Batch, then [ ]; and 
 6.5.3	Notwithstanding the above, the Parties hereby agree that [ ] shall apply with respect to [ ], unless Customer [ ], in which case [ ]. 
 7.	The Parties hereby agree that the current clause 7.2 shall be deleted in its entire and shall be replaced by the following clause: 
 7.2 Storage . CRM12 and polysaccharide Batches (required intermediates for the production of Conjugate Drug Substances) will be stored at no charge for up to [ ] after Release of Conjugate Drug Substances; provided that any additional storage beyond [ ] will be subject to availability and, if available, will be charged to Customer and will be subject to a separate agreement. Except for CRM12 and polysaccharide Batches, Customer shall arrange far shipment and take delivery of such Batch from the Facility, at Customer s expense, within [ ] days after Release or pay applicable storage costs, unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties. Lonza shall provide storage on a bill and hold basis for such Batch(es) at no charge for up to [ ]; provided that any additional storage beyond [ ]) days will be subject to availability and, if available, will be charged to Customer and will be subiect to a separate agreement. In addition to Section 8.2, Customer shall be responsible for all value added tax (VAT) and any other applicable taxes, levies, import, duties and fees of whatever nature imposed as a result of any storage. Unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties, in no event shall Lonza be required to store any Batch for more than [ ] calendar days after Release. Within [ ] days following a written request from Lonza, Customer shall provide Lonza with a letter in form satisfactory to Lonza confirming the bill and hold status of each stored Batch. 
 8.	The Parties hereby agree that the current clause 8.3 shall be deleted in its entire and shall be replaced by the following clause: 
 8.3 Lonza shall issue invoices to Customer for [ ] of the Price for Products or Services upon commencement thereof (the Initiation Payment and [ ] upon Release of applicable Batches or completion of applicable Services (the Completion Payment ), unless otherwise stated in the Project Plan. Charges for Raw Materials and the Raw Materials Fee for each Batch shall be invoiced upon the Release of each Batch. Charges for Resins shall be invoiced by Lonza upon placement of purchase orders for such Resins by Lonza at cost plus a fee of [ ]. Charges for consumables and wearables, as well as charges for Services provided by External Laboratories, shall be invoiced upon the Release of the applicable Batch at cost plus a fee of [ ]. Notwithstanding the above, Parties agree that in the event that Lonza does not complete stages of the IND enabling work (i.e. the stages necessary for Customer to submit the IND application, including in any event the Release of at least one (1) GMP Drug Product Batch plus one (1) month of GMP Drug Product stability testing before 31 December 2019), Lonza shall for any stage that commences after 31 December 2019 or has not been completed by 31 December 2019, invoice the Initiation Payment for Products or Services upon commencement thereof. The Completion Payment for Products or Services shall be invoiced by Lonza either (i) [ ] or (ii) on [ ]. All invoices 
 
 are strictly net and payment must be made within [ ] days of date of invoice. Payment shall be made without deduction, deferment, set-off, lien or counterclaim, except as set forth in the Agreement or any Amendments. The provisions of this Clause 8.3, including the rate of markup charges set forth herein and in the definition of Raw Materials Fees, shall apply prospectively to all Services under the Agreement, including those Services to be performed after the Amendment Three Effective Date under Work Plan A-1, Work Plan A-2, Work Plan A-3 and Work Plan A-4. 
 9.	The Parties hereby agree that the current clause 10.3 shall be deleted in its entire and shall be replaced by the following clause: 
 10.3 Nowithstanding Clause 10.2, and subject to the license granted in Clause 10.5, Lonza shall own all right, title and interest in Intellectual Property that Lonza and/or its Affiliates, the External Laboratories or other contractors or agents of Lonza, solely or jointly with Custorner, develops, conceives, invents, or first reduces to practice or makes in the course of performance of the Services to the extent such Intellectual Property (i) is generally applicable to the development or manufacture of chemieal or biological products or product components, and could reasanably have been made without the use of the Customer Materials, Customer Information, or Customer Baekground Intellectual Property or (ii) is an improvement of or direct derivative of, any Lonza Background Intellectual Praperty New General Application Intellectual Property ). For avoidance of doubt, New General Application Intellectual Property shall include any material, processes or other items that embody, or that are claimed or covered by, any of theforegoing Intellectual Property. 
 10.	The Parties hereby agree that the current clause 10.5 shall be deleted in its entire and shall be replaced by the following clause: 
 10.5 Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (including the payment of the Price as required above), Lonza hereby grants to Customer a non-exclusive, world-wide, fully paid-up, irrevocable, transferable license, including the right to grant sublicenses, under the New General Application Intellectual Property, to research, develop, make, have made, use, sell and import the Product. 
 11.	The Parties hereby agree that the current clause 10.7 shall be deleted in its entire and shall be replaced by the following clause: 
 10.7 Customer will have the right to transfer the Manufacturing Process to itself, its Affiliates and/or any third Party, provided, however, to the extent such technology transfer includes Lonza Confidential Information, or Lonza Background Intellectual Property, such technology transfer to any Third Party shall be subject to [ ], and a reasonable royalty and/or licensing fee and terms to be agreed upon by the Parties. Lonza will not include in the Manufacturing Process any Lonza Confidential Information or Lonza Background Intellectual Property that would require Customer to pay any additional payment and/or royalty to Lonza in order to transfer the Manufacturing Process to itself, its Affiliates and/or any Third Party without first obtaining Customer s prior written consent and advising Customer as to the royalty structure and any other payment that would apply for the use of such additional technologies. If Customer has provided such consent and the Manufacturing Process includes the use of any such additional payment-bearing or royalty-bearing Lonza Confidential Information or Lonza Background Intellectual Property, then Customer will pay to Lonza an agreed royalty and/or other agreed payments for the use of Lonza Confidential Information or Lonza Background Intellectual Property. Lonza shall provide reasonably necessary documents to complete such technology transfer, including transfer of New General Application Intellectual Property, if applicable, and subject to the terms and conditions of this Clause 10.7, Lonza Confidential Information or Lonza Background Intellectual Property, if incorporated into the Manufacturing Process with Customer s consent, and Customer shall reimburse Lonza for any costs (based on a full-time employee rate for such support) and expenses, provided that the total cost of such assistance (excluding any costs paid to Lonza for the use of Lonza s Confidential Information or Lonza Background Intellectual Property) will not exceed [ ]. 
 12.	The Parties hereby agree that the current clause 14.2.1 shall be deleted in its entire and shall be replaced by the following clause: 
 14.2.1 by either Party for any reason upon [ ] prior written notice; provided that Lonza may not provide such notice until [ ]. In such an event all cancellation terms in this Agreement shall apply (except, in the case of termination by Lonza pursuant to Clause 14.2.1, the Cancellation Fees shall not 
 
 apply), and the Customer shall make payments for work commenced and performed under any purchase order(s) by Lonza prior to the termination notice date. 
 13.	All other terms and conditions of the Original Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Third Amendment and the Original Agreement, the terms and conditions set forth in the Original Agreement shall control. 
 14.	No modification of or amendment to this Third Amendment, nor any waiver of any rights under this Third Amendment, will be effective unless in writing signed by the duly authorized representatives of both Parties, and the waiver of any breach or default will not constitute a waiver of any other right hereunder or any subsequent breach or default. 
 [Signatures on following page] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, SutroVax and Lonza hereby enter into this Third Amendment, effective as of the Third Amendment Effective Date. 

SUTROVAX INC. 

LONZA LTD 

By: 
 
 /s/ Grant E. Pickering 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Bart A. M. van Aarnhem 

Name: 
 
 Grant E. Pickering 
 
 Name: 
 
 Bart A. M. van Aarnhem 

Title: 
 
 President CEO 
 
 Title: 
 
 Senior Legal Counsel 

By: 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/Lee Newton 

Name: 
 
 Name: 
 
 Lee Newton 

Title: 
 
 Title: 
 
 Director, Commercial Development 

Annex 1 
 Project Plan A-4 
 to 
 Development and Manufacturing Agreement 
 {23 pages omitted} 
 [ ] 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. 
 
 ALL REFERENCES TO THE FIFTH AMENDMENT CONTAINED HEREIN SHOULD BE READ AS THE FOURTH AMENDMENT. 
 
 FIFTH AMENDMENT TO DEVELOPMENT AND MANUFACTURING SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
 
 This Fifth Amendment Fifth Amendment ), which comes into effect retrospectively as per 10 June, 2018 (the Fifth Amendment Effective Date ), is made by and between Lonza Ltd Lonza and SutroVax Inc SutroVax ). This Fifth Amendment is to be incorporated as part of the Development and Manufacturing Agreement, dated October 21, 2016, between Lonza and SutroVax, as amended from time to time (the Original Agreement' '). Lonza and SutroVax, hereafter referred to as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 
 Whereas 

1. 
 Lonza and SutroVax signed the Original Agreement in October 2016; 

2. 
 The Parties now wish to change the production of CRM12 from the [ ] facility into the [ ] facility; 

3. 
 The current Project Plan A-1 therefore needs to be adjusted and/or partly replaced by a new Project Plan A-1.1, which shall be attached to this Fifth Amendment as Annex 1. 

Parties hereby agree that the following amendments are made pursuant to the Original Agreement: 

1. 
 All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Original Agreement. 

2. 
 The proposal (Technology Transfer and cGMP Manufacturing of CRM12, Lonza code SUO-001), version 4.0, dated 21 October 2016 (the Proposal [ ] attached to the Original Agreement under Appendix A as Project Plan A-1, will be amended as follows: 

The stages 2-C, 2-D, 2-E and 2-F of the Proposal [ ] will be replaced by the stages 2-C, 2-D, 2-E and 2-F as further set out in the proposal (cGMP Manufacturing of CRM12 in [ ] facility, Lonza code SUO-001), version 1 dated 22nd June 2018 Proposal [ ] ). This Proposal [ ] shall be attached to the Original Agreement under Appendix A as Project Plan A-1.1, in addition to the existing Project Plans. For the avoidance of doubt, the remaining of Proposal [ ] does not change and shall remain in full force and effect. 

3. 
 In addition to the above, the Parties hereby agree that the following new sub-clause 6.5.3 shall be added to the existing clause 6.5: 

6.5.3. 
 The initial campaign in the [ ] covering [ ] Batches, of which the first Batch will always be an Engineering Batch, is currently scheduled for [ ] (the CRM12 Campaign ). As part of the transition from Proposal [ ] to Proposal [ ], Customer shall be entitled to cancel [ ], that are part of the CRM12 Campaign up to [ ] prior to the commencement of such CRM12 Campaign, without paying any cancellation fees to Lonza for such cancelled Batches. In such event, Lonza will deduct an amount of CHF [ ] per cancelled Batch from the Price stated in the Purchase Order for the CRM12 Campaign. The remaining, un-cancelled Batches of the CRM12 Campaign shall be manufactured in accordance with Clause 2.3 and Clause 2.4 of the Original Agreement. For the sake of clarity, the Raw Materials purchased by Lonza for manufacturing the full CRM12 Campaign shall remain payable by Customer and shall not be (pro-rata) refunded in the event of (partly) cancellation of this Purchase Order. 

For illustrative purposes: 

(i) 
 in the event that Customer cancels the Purchase Order for the CRM12 shall pay an amount equal to the Price stated in Campaign in full, Customer that Purchase Order (i.e. [ ] Batches and raw materials) CHF [ ]; and 

(ii) 
 minus an amount of in the event that Customer cancels one of the Batches of the Purchase Order for the CRM12 Campaign, Customer shall pay an amount equal to the Price stated in that Purchase Order minus an amount of CHF [ ]. 

4. 
 All other terms and conditions of the Original Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Fifth Amendment and the Original Agreement, the terms and conditions set forth in the Original Agreement shall control unless Parties specifically deviated from such terms via this Fifth Amendment. 

5. 
 No modification of or amendment to this Fifth Amendment, nor any waiver of any rights under this Fifth Amendment, will be effective unless in writing signed by the duly authorized representatives of both Parties, and the waiver of any breach or default will not constitute a waiver of any other right hereunder or any subsequent breach or default. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, SutroVax and Lonza hereby enter into this Fifth Amendment, effective as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date. 
 
 SUTROVAX INC 
 By: /s/ Grant E. Pickering 
 Name: Grant E. Pickering 
 Title: President CEO 
 
 LONZA LTD 
 By: /s/ Axel Evlev 
 Name: Axel Evlev 
 Title: Commercial Development 

Annex 1 - to Fifth Amendment 
 Project Plan A-1.1 
 {7 pages omitted} 
 [ ] 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. 
 
 ALL REFERENCES TO THE SIXTH AMENDMENT CONTAINED HEREIN SHOULD BE READ AS THE FIFTH AMENDMENT. 
 SIXTH AMENDMENT TO DEVELOPMENT AND MANUFACTURING SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
 This Sixth Amendment Sixth Amendment ), which comes into effect on March 16, 2020 (the Sixth Amendment Effective Date ), is made by and between Lonza Ltd Lonza and SutroVax Inc SutroVax ). This Sixth Amendment is to be incorporated as part of the Development and Manufacturing Agreement, dated October 21, 2016, between Lonza and SutroVax (the Original Agreement ). Lonza and SutroVax, hereafter referred to as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 
 Whereas: 

1. 
 Lonza and SutroVax entered into the Original Agreement , as amended, which the Parties now desire to amend; 

2. 
 The Parties wish to modify the payment terms as agreed in the Original Agreement, as amended. 

Now, therefore, the Parties hereby agree that the following amendments are made to the Original Agreement: 

1. 
 All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Original Agreement 

2. 
 The Parties hereby agree that the current clause 8.3 shall be deleted in its entire and shall be replaced by the following clause: 

8.3 Lonza shall issue invoices to Customer for [ ] of the Price for Products or Services upon commencement thereof (the Initiation Payment and [ ] upon Release of applicable Batches or completion of applicable Services (the Completion Payment ), unless otherwise stated in the Project Plan. Charges for Raw Materials and the Raw Materials Fee for each Batch shall be invoiced upon the Release of each Batch. Charges for Resins shall be invoiced by Lonza upon placement of purchase orders for such Resins by Lonza at cost plus a fee of [ ]. Charges for consumables and wearables, as well as charges for Services provided by External Laboratories, shall be invoiced upon the Release of the applicable Batch at cost plus a fee of [ ]. Notwithstanding the above, Parties agree that in the event that Lonza does not complete stages of the IND enabling work, i.e. the stages necessary for Customer to submit the IND application, including in any event the Release of at least one (1) GMP Drug Product Batch plus one (1) month of GMP Drug Product stability testing before 31 December 2019 (the IND-Enabling Activities ), Lonza shall for any stage that commences after 31 December 2019 or has not been completed by 31 December 2019, invoice the Initiation Payment for Products or Services upon commencement thereof. The Completion Payment for Products or Services shall be invoiced by Lonza upon release of such Products or completion of such Services, provided, however, that Customer shall not be required to effect any payment before either (i) within thirty (30) days following completion of all IND-Enabling Activities or (ii) 30 April 2021, whichever event occurs first. All invoices are strictly net and payment must be made [ ]. Payment shall be made without deduction, deferment, set-off, lien or counterclaim, except as set forth in the Agreement or any Amendments. The provisions of this Clause 8.3, including the rate of markup charges set forth herein and in the definition of Raw Materials Fees, shall apply prospectively to all Services under the Agreement, including those Services to be performed after the Amendment Three Effective Date under Work Plan A-1, Work Plan A-2, Work Plan A-3 and Work Plan A-4. 

3. 
 All other terms and conditions of the Original Agreement, as amended, shall remain in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Third Amendment and the Original Agreement, the terms and conditions set forth in the Original Agreement shall control. 

4. 
 No modification of or amendment to this Sixth Amendment, nor any waiver of any rights under this Sixth Amendment, will be effective unless in writing signed by the duly authorized representatives of both Parties, and the waiver of any breach or default will not constitute a waiver of any other right hereunder or any subsequent breach or default. 

[Signatures on following page] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, SutroVax and Lonza hereby enter into this Sixth Amendment, effective as of the Sixth Amendment Effective Date. 

SUTROVAX INC 
 
 LONZA LTD 

By: /s/ Grant Pickering 
 
 By: /s/ Michael Stanek 

Name: Grant Pickering 
 
 Name Michael Stanek 

Title: President CEO 
 
 Title: General Counsel 

By: /s/ Bart van Aarnhem 

Name Bart van Aarnhem 

Title: Associate General Counsel 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. 
 
 ALL REFERENCES TO THE SEVENTH AMENDMENT CONTAINED HEREIN SHOULD BE READ AS THE SIXTH AMENDMENT. 
 
 SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO DEVELOPMENT AND MANUFACTURING SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
 This Seventh Amendment Seventh Amendment ), which comes into effect as per April 1, 2021 (the Seventh Amendment Effective Date ), is made by and between Lonza Ltd Lonza and Vaxcyte, Inc., having its principal place of business at 353 Hatch Drive, Foster City, CA 94404, USA Vaxcyte or Customer ). This Seventh Amendment is to be incorporated as part of the Development and Manufacturing Agreement, dated October 21, 2016, between Lonza and Vaxcyte (at that time known as SutroVax, Inc.), as amended from time to time (the Original Agreement ). Lonza and Vaxcyte, hereafter referred to as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 
 
 Whereas 

(A) 
 Lonza and Vaxcyte have entered into the Original Agreement, as amended; 

(B) 
 Vaxcyte now wishes to engage Lonza for the process development and manufacturing of [ ], a [ ] for the 24-valent vaccine against pneumococcal infections, to serve [ ] to be manufactured in a larger scale at Lonza s [ ] facility; 

(C) 
 The Parties wish to enter into this Seventh Amendment in order to (i) modify the payment terms as agreed in the Original Agreement, (ii) to ensure a slot reservation for Customer in Lonza's [ ] facility and (iii) expeditiously negotiate in good faith an amendment to the Original Agreement regarding the [ ] of the [ ] by Lonza in [ ] facility (the Technology Transfer Amendment ). 

Now, therefore, the Parties hereby agree that the following amendments are made to the Original Agreement: 

1. 
 All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Original Agreement. 

2. 
 The Parties hereby agree that the current clause 8.3 shall be deleted in its entirety and shall be replaced by the following clause: 

8.3Lonza shall issue invoices to Customer for [ ] of the Price for Products or Services upon commencement thereof (the Initiation Payment and [ ] upon Release of applicable Batches or completion of applicable Services (the Completion Payment ), unless otherwise stated in the Project Plan. Charges for Raw Materials and the Raw Materials Fee for each Batch shall be invoiced upon the Release of each Batch. Charges for Resins shall be invoiced by Lonza upon placement of purchase orders for such Resins by Lonza at cost plus a fee of [ ]. Charges for consumables and wearables, as well as charges for Services provided by External Laboratories, shall be invoiced upon the Release of the applicable Batch at cost plus a fee of [ ]. Notwithstanding the above, Parties agree that in the event that Lonza does not complete stages of the IND enabling work, i.e. the stages necessary for Customer to submit the IND application, including in any event the Release of at least one (1) GMP Drug Product Batch plus one (1) month of GMP Drug Product stability testing before 31 December 2019 (the IND-Enabling Activities ), Lonza shall for any stage that commences after 31 December 2019 or has not been completed by 31 December 2019, invoice the Initiation Payment for Products or Services upon commencement thereof. The Completion Payment for Products or Services shall be invoiced by Lonza upon release of such Products or completion of such Services, provided, however, that Customer shall not be required to effect any payment before either (i) within thirty (30) days following completion of all IND-Enabling Activities or (ii) 30 April 2021, whichever event occurs first. If all IND-Enabling Activities are not complete by 30 April 2021, Customer will pay an amount equal to 50 of the 

current Completion Payment totals. The rest of the 50 Completion Payment to be paid at the completion of all IND-Enabling Activities or 31, December 2021, whichever event occurs first. All invoices are strictly net and payment must be made [ ]. Payment shall be made without deduction, deferment, set-off, lien or counterclaim, except as set forth in the Agreement or any Amendments. The provisions of this Clause 8.3, including the rate of markup charges set forth herein and in the definition of Raw Materials Fees, shall apply prospectively to all Services under the Agreement, including those Services to be performed after the Amendment Three Effective Date under Work Plan A-1, Work Plan A-2, Work Plan A-3 and Work Plan A-4. 

3. 
 Upon execution of this Seventh Amendment, Customer agrees that it commits to a firm capacity reservation for Lonza s manufacturing capacity as follows: Customer and Lonza agree that upon signature of this Seventh Amendment Lonza will issue an invoice to Customer for the reservation of capacity in the amount of [ ] (the Reservation Fee ). The payment terms as per the Original Agreement apply ([ ]). The Reservation Fee will serve as a [ ] reservation, by Lonza, of sufficient capacity within Lonza`s [ ] facility in [ ], personnel and resources to start the [ ] for the [ ] on behalf of Customer in [ ] and commencement of manufacturing the first campaign of the [ ] in the [ ] facility in [ ], subject to execution of the Technology Transfer Amendment within the timeframe set forth in clause 3.c) below and a successful technology transfer. Upon signature of the Technology Transfer Amendment, the Reservation Fee [ ]. In the event, however, the Parties do not reach an agreement regarding the Technology Transfer Amendment before the term mentioned in clause 3.c) below, despite good faith negotiations, Lonza shall [ ]. Moreover, in such case, Lonza may release such capacity and allocate it to other customers without liability to Customer. 

4. 
 With respect to the negotiations and specific terms and conditions of the Technology Transfer Amendment, the Parties wish to record the following intentions: 

a) 
 Upon execution of this Seventh Amendment, the Parties shall enter into good faith negotiations regarding the Technology Transfer Amendment. 

b) 
 The Parties intend that the Technology Transfer Amendment will include, all additional terms and activities or suitable to manufacturing the Product in Lonza s [ ] facility. 

c) 
 The Parties intend to execute the Technology Transfer Amendment as soon as practicable, but in any event not later than [ ]. In the event that the Parties are unable to sign the Technology Transfer Amendment by such date, despite good faith efforts by both Parties, a [ ] extension for proper cause can be granted at the request of either Party. 

5. 
 The Parties agree that any activities performed by Lonza while negotiations for the Technology Transfer Amendment are in process shall be performed in accordance with the Original Agreement as currently in force. 

6. 
 All other terms and conditions of the Original Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Seventh Amendment and the Original Agreement, the terms and conditions set forth in the Original Agreement shall control, unless Parties specifically deviated from such terms via this Seventh Amendment. 

7. 
 No modification of or amendment to this Seventh Amendment, nor any waiver of any rights under this Seventh Amendment, will be effective unless in writing signed by the duly authorized representatives of both Parties, 

and the waiver of any breach or default will not constitute a waiver of any other right hereunder or any subsequent breach or default. 

8. 
 This Seventh Amendment shall be governed by the law, and be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the state specified in Section 16.5 of the Original Agreement. 

[Signatures on following page] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Customer and Lonza hereby enter into this Seventh Amendment, effective as of the Seventh Amendment Effective Date. 

VAXCYTE. INC. 
 
 LONZA LTD 

By: /s/ Grant Pickering 
 
 By: /s/ Marina Eiting 

Name: Grant Pickering 
 
 Name Marina Eiting 

Title: CEO 
 
 Title: Senior Program Manager 

By: /s/ Michael Stanek 

Name Michael Stanek 

Title: General Counsel 

CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 
 EIGHTH AMENDMENT (VAXCYTE SEVENTH AMENDMENT) TO DEVELOPMENT AND MANUFACTURING SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 This Eighth Amendment (Vaxcyte Seventh Amendment) (the Eighth Amendment ), which comes into effect on September 7, 2021 (the Eighth Amendment Effective Date ), is made by and between Lonza Ltd Lonza and Vaxcyte, Inc., having its principal place of business at 353 Hatch Drive, Foster City, CA 94404, USA Vaxcyte or Customer ). This Eighth Amendment is to be incorporated as part of the Development and Manufacturing Services Agreement, dated October 21, 2016, between Lonza and Vaxcyte (at that time known as SutroVax, Inc.), as amended (the Original Agreement ). Lonza and Vaxcyte, hereafter referred to as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 
 
 Whereas: 

1. 
 Lonza and Vaxcyte entered into the Original Agreement which the Parties now desire to amend; 

2. 
 The Parties wish to modify the payment terms as agreed in the Original Agreement, as amended. 

Now, therefore, the Parties hereby agree that the following amendments are made to the Original Agreement: 

9. 
 All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Original Agreement 

10. 
 The Parties hereby agree that a new clause 7.3.4 shall be added to the Agreement with the following wording: 

7.3.4Vaxcyte has decided to use certain critical Customer Materials (hereinafter referred to as [ ] for the manufacturing of Batches of the CRM12 intermediate in future campaigns, [ ] as described in Deviation Report 774098 [ ] (attached hereto as Appendix A). The [ ] concerned are the following lots (the [ ] ): 

` 
 1. [ ] 

2. [ ] 

3. [ ] 

4. [ ] 

5. [ ] 

Notwithstanding any provision of this Clause 7.3, in the case of any Batch of the cell free produced CRM12 intermediate that [ ], where [ ], Customer will [ ]. 

11. 
 All other terms and conditions of the Original Agreement, as amended, shall remain in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Eighth Amendment and the Original Agreement, the terms and conditions set forth in the Original Agreement shall control. 

12. 
 No modification of or amendment to this Eighth Amendment, nor any waiver of any rights under this Eighth Amendment, will be effective unless in writing signed by the duly authorized representatives of both Parties, and the waiver of any breach or default will not constitute a waiver of any other right hereunder or any subsequent breach or default. 

13. 
 This Eighth Amendment shall be governed by the law, and be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the state specified in Section 16.5 of the Original Agreement. 

[Signatures on following page] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Vaxcyte and Lonza hereby enter into this Eighth Amendment, effective as of the Eighth Amendment Effective Date. 

VAXCYTE, INC 
 
 LONZA LTD 

By: /s/ Grant Pickering 
 
 By: /s/ Axel Erler 

Name: Grant Pickering 
 
 Name: Axel Erler 

Title: CEO 
 
 Title: Commercial Development 

By: 
 
 By: /s/ Michael Stanek 

Name: 
 
 Name: Michael Stanek 

Title: 
 
 Title: General Counsel 

Appendix A 
 Deviation Report 774098 
 [ ] 
 {4 pages omitted} 

NINTH AMENDMENT (VAXCYTE EIGHTH AMENDMENT) TO DEVELOPMENT AND MANUFACTURING SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 
 This Ninth Amendment (Vaxcyte Eighth Amendment) (the Ninth Amendment ), which comes into effect on October 15, 2021 (the Ninth Amendment Effective Date ), is made by and between Lonza Ltd Lonza and Vaxcyte, Inc., having its principal place of business at 353 Hatch Drive, Foster City, CA 94404, USA Vaxcyte or Customer ). This Ninth Amendment is to be incorporated as part of the Development and Manufacturing Services Agreement, dated October 21, 2016, between Lonza and Vaxcyte (at that time known as SutroVax, Inc.), as amended from time to time (the Original Agreement ). Lonza and Vaxcyte, hereafter referred to as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 
 
 Whereas: 

3. 
 Lonza and Vaxcyte entered into the Original Agreement which the Parties now desire to amend; 

4. 
 The Parties wish to extend the term of the Original Agreement with six (6) months. 

Now, therefore, the Parties hereby agree that the following amendments are made to the Original Agreement: 

14. 
 All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Original Agreement 

15. 
 The Parties hereby agree that clause 14.1 of the Original Agreement shall be replaced in its entirety by the following new clause 14.1: 

14.1 Term . This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on May 2, 2022, unless terminated earlier as provided herein or extended by mutual written consent of the Parties (the Term ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Project Plan may have separate term and termination provisions so long as the term of any Project Plan does not extend beyond the Term. 

16. 
 All other terms and conditions of the Original Agreement, as amended, shall remain in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Ninth Amendment and the Original Agreement, the terms and conditions set forth in the Original Agreement shall control. 

17. 
 No modification of or amendment to this Ninth Amendment, nor any waiver of any rights under this Ninth Amendment, will be effective unless in writing signed by the duly authorized representatives of both Parties, and the waiver of any breach or default will not constitute a waiver of any other right hereunder or any subsequent breach or default. 

18. 
 This Ninth Amendment shall be governed by the law, and be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the state specified in Section 16.5 of the Original Agreement. 

[Signatures on following page] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Vaxcyte and Lonza hereby enter into this Ninth Amendment, effective as of the Ninth Amendment Effective Date. 

VAXCYTE, INC 
 
 LONZA LTD 

By: /s/ Grant E. Pickering 
 
 By: /s/ Bart van Aarnhem 

Name: Grant E. Pickering 
 
 Name: Bart van Aarnhem 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Title: Associate General Counsel 

By: 
 
 By: /s/ Michael Stanek 

Name: 
 
 Name: Michael Stanek 

Title: 
 
 Title: General Counsel 

FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED TENTH AMENDMENT (VAXCYTE NINTH AMENDMENT) TO DEVELOPMENT AND MANUFACTURING SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 This Amended and Restated Tenth Amendment (Vaxcyte Ninth Amendment) (the Tenth Amendment ), which retrospectively comes into effect on May 2, 2022 (the Tenth Amendment Effective Date ), is made by and between Lonza Ltd Lonza and Vaxcyte, Inc., having its principal place of business at 825 Industrial Road, Suite 300, San Carlos, California 94070, USA Vaxcyte or Customer ). This Tenth Amendment is to be incorporated as part of the Development and Manufacturing Services Agreement, dated October 21, 2016, between Lonza and Vaxcyte (at that time known as SutroVax, Inc.), as amended from time to time (the Original Agreement and amends and restates in its entirety that certain Tenth Amendment dated May 2, 2022 (the Original Tenth Amendment by and between Lonza and Vaxcyte. Lonza and Vaxcyte, hereafter referred to as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 
 
 Whereas: 
 
 1. Lonza and Vaxcyte entered into the Original Agreement which the Parties now desire to amend; 

2. The Parties wish to extend the term of the Original Agreement by eleven (11) months. 

Now, therefore, the Parties hereby agree that the following amendments are made to the Original Agreement: 
 
 1. All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Original Agreement 

2. The Parties hereby agree that clause 14.1 of the Original Agreement shall be replaced in its entirety by the following new clause 14.1: 

14.1 Term . This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on 31 March 2023, unless terminated earlier as provided herein or extended by mutual written consent of the Parties (the Term ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Project Plan may have separate term and termination provisions so long as the term of any Project Plan does not extend beyond the Term. 
 
 3. All other terms and conditions of the Original Agreement, as amended, shall remain in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Tenth Amendment and the Original Agreement, the terms and conditions set forth in the Original Agreement shall control. 

4. No modification of or amendment to this Tenth Amendment, nor any waiver of any rights under this Tenth Amendment, will be effective unless in writing signed by the duly 

authorized representatives of both Parties, and the waiver of any breach or default will not constitute a waiver of any other right hereunder or any subsequent breach or default. 

5. This Tenth Amendment shall be governed by the law, and be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the state specified in Section 16.5 of the Original Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Vaxcyte and Lonza hereby enter into this Tenth Amendment, effective as of the Tenth Amendment Effective Date. 

VAXCYTE, INC		LONZA LTD 
 By: /s/ Grant Pickering		By: /s/ Bart Van Aarnhem	 
 Name: Grant Pickering 		Name: Bart Van Aarnhem	 
 Title: CEO		Title: Associate General Counsel	 
 
 		By: /s/ Iwan Bertholjotti	 
 		Name: Iwan Bertholjotti	 
 						 Title: Senior Director, Commercial Development 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 pcvx-ex10_17.htm
 EX-10.17

EX-10 

CONFIDENTIAL 
 Exhibit 10.17 
 
 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. 

Master Services Agreement for 
 Drug Product Development and Manufacturing 
 
 (the Agreement 

by and between 

Lonza Ltd M nchensteinerstrasse 38 CH-4002 Basel Switzerland 
 - hereinafter Lonza - 
 and 
 Vaxcyte, Inc. 
 825 Industrial Road 
 Suite 300 
 San Carlos, CA 94070 
 United States of America 
 - hereinafter Customer - 
 Effective as of March 22, 2022 (the Effective Date 
 
 1 
 178751579 v5 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 Table of Contents 
 Page 
 1 	 Definitions and Interpretation	1 
 2 	 Performance of Services	6 
 3 	 Project Management / Steering Committee	8 
 4 	 Quality	8 
 5 	 Insurance	9 
 6 	 Forecasting, Ordering and Cancellation	9 
 7 	 Delivery and Acceptance	11 
 8 	 Price and Payment	12 
 9 	 Capital Equipment	13 
 10 	 Intellectual Property	13 
 11 	 Warranties	15 
 12 	 Indemnification and Liability	16 
 13 	 Confidentiality	17 
 14 	 Term and Termination	19 
 15 	 Force Majeure	20 
 16 	 Miscellaneous	20 
 Appendix A 

Recitals 
 WHEREAS, Customer is engaged in the development and research of certain products and requires assistance in the development and manufacture of product; 
 WHEREAS, Lonza and its Affiliates have expertise in the evaluation, development and manufacture of products; 
 WHEREAS, the Parties have entered into a development and manufacturing services agreement, dated 29 October 2018, for manufacturing services related to the drug product VAX-24, under which Customer was originally named SutroVax, Inc. (the Original Agreement ); 
 WHEREAS, Customer wishes to engage Lonza for Services relating to the development and manufacture of the Product as described in this Agreement; and 
 2 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 WHEREAS, Lonza, or its Affiliate, is prepared to perform such Services for Customer on the terms and subject to the conditions set out herein 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the Parties intending to be legally bound, agree as follows: 
 1 Definitions and Interpretation 

Affiliate 	means any company, partnership or other entity which directly or indirectly Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with the relevant Party. Control means the ownership of more than fifty percent (50 of the issued share capital or the legal power to direct or cause the direction of the general management and policies of the relevant Party. 
 Agreement 	means this agreement incorporating all Appendices, as amended from time to time by written agreement of the Parties. 
 Applicable Laws 	means all relevant U.S. and European Union federal, state and local laws, statutes, rules, and regulations which are applicable to a Party s activities hereunder, including, without limitation, the applicable regulations and guidelines of any Governmental Authority and all applicable cGMP together with amendments thereto. 
 Approval 	means the first marketing approval by the FDA or EMA of Product from the Facility for commercial supply. 
 Background Intellectual Property 	means any Intellectual Property either (i) owned, licensed or controlled by a Party prior to the Effective Date or (ii) developed or acquired by a Party independently from the performance of the Services hereunder during the Term of this Agreement. 
 Batch 	means the Product derived from a single run of the Manufacturing Process at a scale to be mutually agreed by the Parties. 
 Batch Price 	means the Price of each Batch. 
 Campaign 	means a series of no less than [ ] cGMP Batches manufactured consecutively. 
 Cancellation Fee 	has the meaning given in Clause 6.4. 
 Capital Equipment 	means those certain pieces of equipment described in the Project Plan: (i) that are specific to the production of the Product and (ii) that are purchased by Customer or for which Customer 
 3 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 reimburses Lonza, including, without limitation, the related documentation regarding the design, validation, operation, calibration and maintenance of such equipment. 
 Certificate of Analysis 	means a document prepared by Lonza listing tests performed by Lonza or approved External Laboratories, the Specifications and test results. 
 cGMP 	means those laws and regulations applicable in the U.S. and Europe, relating to the manufacture of medicinal products for human use, including, without limitation, current good manufacturing practices as specified in the ICH guidelines, including without limitation, ICH Q7A ICH Good Manufacturing Practice Guide for Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients , US Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act at 21CFR (Chapters 210, 211, 600, 610, and 820) and the Guide to Good Manufacturing Practices for Medicinal Products as promulgated under European Directive 91/356/EEC. For the avoidance of doubt, Lonza s operational quality standards are defined in internal cGMP policy documents. 
 cGMP Batches 	means any Batches which are required under the Project Plan to be manufactured in accordance with cGMP. 
 Change 	means any change to the Services or pricing incorporated into a written amendment to the Agreement in accordance with clause 17.2 or effected in accordance with the Quality Agreement. 
 Commencement Date 	means the date of commencement of manufacturing activities for a Batch hereunder. 
 Confidential Information 	means Customer Information and/or Lonza Information, as the context requires. 
 Corruption Laws 	means all applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations, including but not limited to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, and the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Convention on Combating Bribery and Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions. 
 Customer Information 	means all technical and other information which at the time of disclosure by Customer was not known to Lonza or in the public domain relating to the Manufacturing Process and the Product, from time to time supplied by the Customer to 
 4 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 Lonza, including any materials supplied by Customer to Lonza in accordance with the Project Plan. 
 Customer Materials 	means any Raw Materials or other materials of any nature (e.g., antibodies used in product-specific assays), proprietary to Customer, provided by Customer to Lonza under or in connection with this Agreement, and previously not possessed by or not available to Lonza. For the avoidance of doubt, Drug Substance shall be considered Customer Material. 
 Drug Product 	means the formulation of the Drug Substance(s) filled into its final containers (e.g., vials). 
 Drug Substance 	means any proprietary molecule(s) identified in the Project Plan that are to be included in the Drug Product. For clarity, the term Drug Substance may be used interchangeably with Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API). 
 EMA 	means the European Medicines Agency or any successor agency thereto. 
 External Laboratories 	means any Third Party analytical service provider contracted directly by Customer. 
 Facility 	means Lonza s manufacturing facilities in Visp and/or Basel Switzerland, or such other facility, including [ ], as may be agreed upon by the Parties. 
 FDA 	means the United States Food and Drug Administration, or any successor agency thereto. 
 GDPR 	means any applicable data protection or privacy laws, rules and regulations, including but not limited to, the European Union e-Privacy Directive 2002/58/EC, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, the UK Data Protection Act 2018, and any other laws equivalent thereto. 
 Governmental Authority 	means any Regulatory Authority and any national, multi-national, regional, state or local regulatory agency, department, bureau, or other governmental entity in the U.S., Switzerland or the European Union. 
 Intellectual Property 	means (i) inventions (whether or not patentable), patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks, trade names and domain names, rights in designs, rights in computer software, database rights, rights in confidential information (including 
 5 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 know-how) and any other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered, (ii) all applications (or rights to apply) for, and renewals or extensions of, any of the rights described in the foregoing clause (i) and (iii) and all rights and applications that are similar or equivalent to the rights and application described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), which exist now, or which come to exist in the future, in any part of the world. 
 International Trade Restrictions 	means any export control requirements and trade, financial and economic sanctions which apply to this Agreement and the Services under the laws, regulations and rules of the United Nations, the European Union, the United Kingdom, Switzerland and any other relevant jurisdiction; and all necessary export and re-export written consents, permits, and authorizations required by International Trade Restrictions. 
 Lonza Information 	means all information that is proprietary to Lonza or any Affiliate of Lonza and that is maintained in confidence by Lonza or any Affiliate of Lonza and that is disclosed by Lonza or any Affiliate of Lonza to Customer under or in connection with this Agreement, including without limitation, any and all Lonza know-how and trade secrets. 
 Manufacturing Instructions 	means the document compiled by Lonza and approved by Customer, which defines the manufacturing methods, test methods and other procedures, directions and controls associated with the manufacture and testing of Product. 
 Manufacturing Process 	means the production process for the manufacture of Product to be developed by Lonza and approved by Customer, as described in the Project Plan. 
 New Customer Intellectual Property 	has the meaning given in Clause 10.2. 
 New General Application Intellectual 
 Property 	has the meaning given in Clause 10.3. 
 Non-Clinical Batches 	means a Batch manufactured under the Project Plan that is not intended as a cGMP Batch, which shall include Technical Batches , Toxicology Batches , Proof-of-Concept Batches and any other non-cGMP Batches in the Project Plan. 
 Party 	means each of Lonza and Customer and, together, the Parties . 
 6 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 Price 	means the price for the Services and Products as set out in Appendix A. 
 Product 	means the Drug Product manufactured using the Manufacturing Process by Lonza for Customer as specified in the Project Plans. . 
 Project Plan or Project Plans 	means the plans describing the Services to be performed by Lonza under this Agreement, including any update and amendment of the Project Plan to which the Parties may agree from time to time. The initial Project Plans are attached hereto as Appendix A. 
 Quality Agreement 	means the quality agreement entered into between the parties on May 21 and 22, 2021 by Lonza and Customer respectively. 
 Raw Materials 	means all ingredients, excipients as well as materials needed to perform the Services, including solvents, consumables/disposables, kits, capillaries, columns, antibody reagents, and other non-standard reagents, filters, chromatography resins, cross flow membranes, bags, HPLC columns, specific reagents, infusion sets, pumps, and other components of the Product required to perform the Manufacturing Process or Services (including primary and secondary packaging materials, labels, filters, bags, tubings, dose administration kits and pumps, specific reagents, bioassay etc.). For the avoidance of doubt, Drug Substances are not considered to be Raw Materials. 
 Raw Material Fee 	means the procurement and handling fee of [ ] ([ ] of the acquisition cost of Raw Materials by Lonza that is charged to the Customer in addition to the cost of such Raw Materials. For clarity, the [ ] Raw Material Fee shall not apply to any Customer Materials or materials produced by Lonza (or any of its Affiliates), under or pursuant to any other written agreement between Lonza and Customer (such as Drug Substances). 
 Regulatory Authority 	means the FDA, EMA and any other similar regulatory authorities as may be agreed upon in writing by the Parties. 
 Release 	has the meaning given in Clause 7.1. 
 Services 	means all or any part of the services to be performed by Lonza under this Agreement (including, without limitation, process and analytical method transfer, process 
 7 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 development, process optimization, validation, non-clinical and clinical manufacturing, as well as quality control and quality assurance activities), particulars of which are set out in a Project Plan. 
 Services Data 	means data generated by Lonza or any Affiliate or Subcontractor in the course of Lonza s or such entities performing Services hereunder. 
 Specifications 	means the analytical tests and acceptance criteria of the Product as agreed between Customer and Lonza during the execution of the Services. 
 Subcontractor 	means a Third Party contracted directly by Lonza for the purpose of providing services to the Customer as agreed between Customer and Lonza. 
 Technical Batch 	means a Batch that is intended to demonstrate the transfer of the Manufacturing Process to the Facility. 
 Term 	has the meaning given in Clause 14.1. 
 Third Party 	means any party other than Customer, Lonza and their respective Affiliates. 
 
 In this Agreement references to the Parties are to the Parties to this Agreement, headings are used for convenience only and do not affect its interpretation, references to a statutory provision include references to the statutory provision as modified or re-enacted or both from time to time and to any subordinate legislation made under the statutory provision, references to the singular include the plural and vice versa, and references to the word including are to be construed without limitation. 
 2 Performance of Services 

2.1 Performance of Services . Subject to Clause 2.3, Lonza shall itself and through its Affiliates, diligently carry out the Services as provided in the Project Plan and use commercially reasonable efforts to perform the Services without any material defect and according to the estimated timelines as set forth in the Project Plan. Lonza shall retain appropriately qualified and trained personnel with the requisite knowledge and experience to perform the Services in accordance with this Agreement. With Customer s prior written consent, Lonza may subcontract or delegate any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement to perform the Services, provided, that Lonza shall remain primarily responsible for the actions of any such Subcontractor and/or delegate. Specifically, and without limiting the foregoing, any and all such Subcontractors shall be subject to the same obligations of confidentiality at least as stringent, and as protective of Customer, as those obligations of confidence and non-use imposed upon Lonza and provided that such External Laboratories shall be subject to obligations to act diligently. Lonza shall not be responsible for analytical services performed by External Laboratories. 

8 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 2.2 Technology Transfer . The Parties expressly agree that they shall work together to transfer the Manufacturing Process to the Facility, including implementing the technology transfer plan set forth in the Project Plan. Customer shall fully support such technology transfer as reasonably requested by Lonza. 

2.3 Non-Clinical Batches . Lonza shall manufacture the Non-Clinical Batches (including the Technical Batches) in accordance with the Project Plan. Customer shall have the right to make whatever further use of the Non-Clinical Batches as it shall determine, provided that Customer pays for such Batches, such use is not for human use, and does not violate any Applicable Laws. Lonza makes no warranty that the Non-Clinical Batches (including the Technical Batches) will meet the Specifications, but will manufacture all such Batches in accordance with and for the intended purpose set forth in the Project Plan. 

2.4 cGMP Batches . Lonza will, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and Quality Agreement, manufacture at the Facility and Release to Customer, cGMP Batches that comply with the Manufacturing Process, cGMP and the Specifications, together with a Certificate of Analysis; provided, however, that cGMP manufacture shall not commence until at least [ ] has been manufactured in compliance with the Specifications. Prior to commencement of cGMP manufacturing, Lonza shall review the process assumptions. In the event that there is a material difference in the process assumptions as compared with the process results demonstrated during the manufacture of the Technical Batches, the Parties shall meet to discuss in good faith a revision to the Batch Price to reflect such difference. 

2.5 Supply of Customer Information and Customer Materials . Customer shall supply to Lonza, free of charge, all Customer Information and Customer Materials and other information or materials that may be reasonably required by Lonza to perform the Services. Lonza shall not be responsible for any delays arising out of Customer s failure to provide such Customer Information, Customer Materials, or other information or materials reasonably required to perform the Services to Lonza, and [ ]. The parties shall agree the responsibility for shipment of Customer Materials in the respective Project Plan. Lonza hereby undertakes not to use the Customer Materials or Customer Information (or any part thereof) for any purpose other than the performance of the Services under this Agreement. With respect to any Customer Materials, title shall remain with the Customer and shall not transfer to Lonza. 

2.6 Raw Materials . Lonza shall procure all required Raw Materials as well as consumables other than those Raw Materials that are Customer Materials. Customer shall be responsible for payment for all consumables and Raw Materials ordered or irrevocably committed to be procured by Lonza hereunder for the manufacture of the Batches and/or the performance of the Services as agreed upon between the Parties. Upon cancellation of any Batch or termination of the Agreement by Customer, all unused Raw Materials shall be paid for by Customer (to the extent Customer has not previously made such payment to Lonza and to the extent that Raw Materials cannot be used by Lonza for its own use or the use of one of its customers) within [ ] of invoice and at Customer s option and cost will either be (a) held by Lonza for future use for the production of Product, (b) delivered to Customer, or (c) disposed of by Lonza. 

2.7 Review of Regulatory Submission . Prior to Customer s submission of any information to the Regulatory Authority related in any way to Lonza or the Services provided under this Agreement (including without limitation information related to a Regulatory Authority s request for additional information or an inspection, and Customer s answer or other response thereto), Customer shall provide to Lonza copies thereof. Any regulatory support activities (including pre-Approval inspection) required and agreed 

9 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 to by Customer to support the Approval of the Drug Product or Product from the Facility shall be performed and supported by Lonza as reasonably requested by Customer. All such regulatory support activities shall be approved by the Customer in advance, and shall be paid for by the Customer at the Price set out in the applicable Project Plan. For the sake of clarity, the Parties agree that Lonza shall provide regulatory review, at the agreed hourly rate/day rate, with respect to all documents related to any regulatory submission. Customer shall submit those documents in time to Lonza in order for Lonza to review and provide comments for Customer s consideration at Customer s sole discretion on those sections referring to Lonza and related to the Services hereunder. 

3 Project Management / Steering Committee 

3.1 Project Plans . With respect to a new project to be governed by this Agreement, a new Project Plan shall be added by agreement in a writing signed by the Parties and appended to Appendix A. Each Project Plan shall include a description of the Services to be provided, the Product to be manufactured, Specifications, a schedule for completion of the Project Plan, pricing details, and such other information as is necessary for relevant Services. In the event of a conflict between the terms of a Project Plan and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement will govern. 

3.2 Project Management . With respect to each Project Plan, each Party will appoint a project manager who will be the Party responsible for overseeing the Project Plan. 

3.3 Steering Committee . Each Party shall name a mutually agreed upon roughly equal number of representatives for the Steering Committee, which shall meet twice per calendar year, or as otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties. In the event that a Steering Committee dispute cannot be resolved, such dispute shall be escalated to a senior executive of each of Customer and Lonza. 

The primary function of the Steering Committee is to ensure the ongoing communication between the Parties and discuss and resolve any issues arising under this Agreement. In addition to the primary function described above, the Steering Committee shall also take on the following responsibilities: 
 3.3.1 discuss and seek resolution of issues around management of the Services; 

3.3.2 agree and monitor deadlines and milestones for the Services; and 

3.3.3 discuss and recommend any changes to the Services (although such changes will not take effect until they have been incorporated into a written amendment to the Project Plan which has been signed by the Parties). 

3.4 Person in Plant . During manufacturing of a Technical Batch, Customer shall be permitted to have [ ] at the drug product manufacturing Facility as reasonably requested by Customer, at any time during the Manufacturing Process for the purpose of observing, reporting on, and consulting as to the performance of the Services. During manufacturing of the GMP Batches, Customer shall be permitted to have [ ] at the drug product manufacturing Facility as reasonably requested by Customer, at any time during the GMP Manufacturing Process for the purpose of observing and reporting on the performance of the Services. 

Furthermore, unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties, if Lonza does not have suitable space at Lonza s Services site for drug product Drug Product Services Site ), 
 10 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 Customer shall [ ]. In addition, Customer shall be permitted [ ] within the Drug Product Services Site as visitor(s), for visits over periods to be determined by mutual agreement to (a) facilitate real-time (same time-zone) communications between Customer technical drug product team and the Lonza drug product team, (b) facilitate transfer of process and analytical technology between the companies; (c) facilitate master batch record review and approval process; (d) perform technical review of manufacturing batch data; and/or (e) augment program management by providing local input. 
 Each such Customer employee or authorized representative shall be subject to and agree to abide by confidentiality obligations to Third Parties and Lonza's customary practices, and such employee agrees to comply with all instructions of Lonza s employees at the drug product manufacturing Facility and/or Drug Product Services Site. 
 4 Quality 

4.1 Responsibility for quality assurance and quality control of Product shall be allocated between Customer and Lonza as set forth in the Quality Agreement and in Lonza standard operating procedures. If there is a conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Quality Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall prevail. If the Quality Agreement is not in place at the Effective Date, Lonza and Customer commit to enter into the Quality Agreement in a timely manner, but in no event later than the commencement of cGMP manufacturing. 

4.2 Provisions regarding inspections by Regulatory Authorities and audits shall be set out in the Quality Agreement. 

5 Insurance 

5.1 Customer shall, during the Term prior to any clinical use of the Product, obtain and maintain at its own cost and expense from a qualified insurance company, comprehensive general liability insurance in the amount of at [ ]. Customer shall at least [ ] prior to the first clinical use of a Product manufactured or Services provided under this Agreement, and for [ ] after delivery of the last such Product, obtain and maintain at its own cost and expense from a qualified insurance company, comprehensive general liability insurance including, but not limited to product liability coverage in the amount of at least [ ]. Lonza shall, during the Term and for [ ] after delivery of the last Product manufactured or Services provided under this Agreement, obtain and maintain at its own cost and expense from a qualified insurance company, comprehensive general liability insurance including, but not limited to product liability coverage in the amount of at least [ ] per claim. Each Party shall provide the respective other Party with a certificate of such insurance upon reasonable request. 

6 Forecasting, Ordering and Cancellation 

6.1 Forecasting . To the extent not already set forth in the then-current Project Plan, no later than the [ ], Customer shall supply Lonza with a written forecast showing Customer s good faith estimated [ ] requirements for Batches for the [ ] period (the Forecast ). No later than [ ] following Lonza s receipt of a Forecast, Lonza shall inform the Customer of [ ] and shall provide Customer with an estimated production schedule showing the estimated Commencement Date and estimated delivery date of each Batch. The forecast and [ ] given in this Clause 6.1 shall not be binding on Customer or Lonza. 

11 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 6.2 Purchase Orders . Customer shall place purchase orders binding on Customer for the number of Batches it wishes to order at least [ ] (or earlier as [ ]) prior to the Commencement Date for such Batches in accordance with Lonza s most recent response to the Forecast. Each binding purchase order shall be signed by Customer and shall authorize Lonza to manufacture such Batches of the Product as are set forth therein. Lonza shall not be obligated to commence manufacture of any Batch unless and until such written purchase order is accepted in writing by Lonza. Any delivery date set forth in Lonza s written confirmation of a purchase order shall be an estimated delivery date only. All ordered Batches shall be scheduled in a single Campaign in each calendar year unless otherwise agreed by Lonza. Any additional or inconsistent terms or conditions of any Customer purchase order, acknowledgement or similar standardized form given or received pursuant to this Agreement shall have no effect and such terms and conditions are hereby rejected. For clarity, the then-current Project Plan shall be deemed a binding Purchase Order for the Batches set forth in the Project Plan with the Commencement Date of such Batches being the commencement dates set forth in the Project Plan, and Customer shall not be required to place separate Purchase Orders for such Batches to make them binding. Customer shall have the right to reschedule and/or cancel any of the Batches in the Project Plan in the same manner and pursuant to the same terms and conditions as the rescheduling and cancellation set forth in Clauses 6.3 through 6.6 as if they were the Batches ordered through a Purchase Order. 

6.3 Rescheduling . Lonza shall have the right to reschedule a Commencement Date of any Batch or Campaign upon reasonable prior written notice to Customer, provided that the rescheduled Commencement Date is less than [ ] from the Commencement Date originally estimated at the time of Lonza s acceptance of the binding purchase order, and further provided that Customer is able to provide the necessary Customer Materials. If the Customer requests to change the Commencement Date, Lonza will make all reasonable attempts to accommodate the request; provided, however, in the event that this change would impact other projects scheduled for occupancy in the designated suite or suites, manufacture of the Customer s Batch or Campaign may be delayed until an adequate time period is available in the Facility schedule. Unless otherwise agreed, any such change requested by Customer may result in a rescheduling fee. Ordinary updates to the schedule during the execution of the Project Plan (via contract amendment /scope change) shall not be subject to a rescheduling fee. 

6.4 Cancellation of a Binding Purchase Order . Customer may cancel a binding purchase order upon written notice to Lonza, subject to the payment of a cancellation fee as calculated below (the Cancellation Fee ): 

6.4.1 Development work: If Customer provides written notice of cancellation of any Development Work, Customer shall pay for any of the cancelled Development Work Lonza performed prior to the date of notification of cancellation and for any of such cancelled Development Work which would (were it not for the cancellation) have been performed during the period of [ ] days post cancellation notification, unless otherwise agreed in the specific scope of work.. 

6.4.2 Batches scheduled in a cGMP Facility: In the event that Customer provides written notice of cancellation to Lonza: 

(a) less than or equal to [ ] prior to the Commencement Date of the first subject Batch, then [ ] ([ ] of the Batch Price of each such Batch cancelled is payable; 

12 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 (b) more than [ ] but less than or equal to [ ] prior to the Commencement Date of the first subject Batch, then [ ] ([ ] of the Batch Price of each such Batch cancelled is payable; 

(c) more than [ ] prior to the Commencement Date of a subject Batch, then no Cancellation Fee is payable. 

6.4.3 Notwithstanding the provisions of Clause 6.4.2, (i) Lonza will use commercially reasonable efforts to reschedule its Facility to mitigate any losses from a cancellation, and if Lonza is able to reallocate any reserved capacity for the performance of services for any third party during the applicable period, then Customer s obligation to pay the amounts under Clauses 6.4.1 or 6.4.2, shall be reduced pro-rata based on the use of such capacity for such third party during the applicable period; and (ii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no Cancellation Fee is payable by Customer for any cancellation or rescheduling to the extent resulting from Lonza s action or inaction, either under this Agreement or the Original Agreement or otherwise. In particular, Customer may ask to replace the cancelled Services with another Customer project, subject to Lonza s feasibility review and approval. 

6.5 Payment of Cancellation Fee . Any Cancellation Fee shall be payable within [ ] following the written notice of cancellation associated with the cancelled Batch. Any Cancellation Fee shall include all costs associated with the cancelled Batch, including any Raw Materials. 

6.6 Replacement Project . Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lonza will use commercially reasonable efforts to secure a new project (but excluding any project then under contract with Lonza) for the cGMP manufacturing space, and for the same dates and duration that would have been occupied by Customer, and then, in such case, the Cancellation Fee for each Batch cancelled that is replaced by a Batch of the new project shall be reduced by an amount equal to [ ] ([ ] of the production fees associated with such replacement Batch. 

7 Delivery and Acceptance 

7.1 Delivery . All Drug Product shall be delivered FCA to the Facility (as defined by Incoterms 2020), unless otherwise agreed in the Statement of Work. Lonza shall deliver to Customer the Certificate of Analysis and such other documentation as is reasonably required to meet all applicable regulatory requirements of the Governmental Authorities not later than the date of delivery of Batches (the Release ). With respect to Drug Product, title and risk of loss shall remain with Lonza until Release and shall transfer to Customer upon Release in accordance with this provision. 

7.2 Storage. Product Batches will be stored at no charge for up to [ ] after Release; provided that any additional storage beyond [ ] will be subject to availability and, if available, will be charged to Customer and will be subject to a separate agreement. Customer shall arrange for shipment and take delivery of such Batch(es) from the Facility, at Customer s expense, within [ ] after Release or pay applicable storage costs, unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties. Lonza shall provide storage on a bill and hold basis for such Batch(es) at no charge for up to [ ]; provided that any additional storage beyond [ ] will be subject to availability and, if available, will be charged to Customer and will be subject to a separate agreement. In addition, Customer shall be responsible for all value added tax (VAT) and any other applicable taxes, levies, import, duties and fees of whatever nature imposed as a result of any storage. Unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties, in no event shall Lonza be required 

13 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 to store any Batch for more than [ ] after Release. Within [ ] following a written request from Lonza, Customer shall provide Lonza with a letter in form satisfactory to Lonza confirming the bill and hold status of each stored Batch. 

7.3 Acceptance/Rejection of Product . 

7.3.1 Promptly following Release of Batches, Customer shall inspect such Batches and shall have the right to test such Batches to determine compliance with the Specifications. Customer shall notify Lonza in writing of any rejection of a Batch based on any claim that it fails to meet Specifications within [ ] of Release, after which time all unrejected Batches shall be deemed accepted. 

7.3.2 In the event that Lonza believes that a Batch has been incorrectly rejected, Lonza may require that Customer provide to Lonza Batch samples for testing. Lonza may retain and test the samples of such Batch. In the event of a discrepancy between Customer s and Lonza s test results such that Lonza s test results fall within relevant Specifications, or there exists a dispute between the Parties over the extent to which such failure is attributable to a given Party, the Parties shall cause an independent laboratory promptly to review records, test data and perform comparative tests and/or analyses on samples of the Product that allegedly fails to conform to Specifications. Such independent laboratory shall be mutually agreed upon by the Parties. The independent laboratory s results shall be in writing and shall be final and binding save for manifest error. Unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties in writing, the costs associated with such testing and review shall be borne by the Party against whom the independent laboratory rules. 

7.3.3 Lonza shall replace any Batch that failed to conform with the Specifications (a Failed Batch ). In the event that it is determined (by the Parties or the independent laboratory) that such failure was [ ] Lonza Responsibility ), Lonza agrees to [ ]. The compensation is capped at [ ] of the price of that Failed Batch. If any replacement cGMP Batch provided as replacement for a Failed Batch also fails to conform to the Specifications due to Lonza s Responsibility, then the Steering Committee shall decide in its sole discretion, if Lonza shall either replace such cGMP Batch or refund the amounts paid by Customer for such cGMP Batch. Such replacement shall be made as promptly as practicable, in light of available manufacturing capacity, after the confirmation of Lonza Responsibility, and in any case as soon as reasonably possible after confirmation of Lonza Responsibility. Where possible, such replacement Batch shall be manufactured with the next scheduled cGMP Batch or Campaign. Customer acknowledges and agrees that its [ ] with respect to a Failed Batch that is a Lonza Responsibility is [ ]. 

8 Price and Payment 

8.1 Pricing for the Services provided by Lonza are set out in, and based on the assumptions and information set out in, the applicable Project Plan. In the event of changes to the Services based on Customer s request, Customer shall bear all additional costs. Conversely, if Services scope of work within the Project Plan is reduced by formal contract amendment / scope change, Lonza shall revise quoted price to accurately reflect the reduced Services. 

8.2 Unless otherwise indicated in writing by Lonza, all Prices and charges are exclusive of value added tax (VAT) and of any other applicable taxes, levies, import, duties and fees of whatever nature imposed by or under the authority of any government or public 

14 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 authority and all such charges applicable to the Services (other than taxes on Lonza s income) shall be paid by Customer. When sending payment to Lonza, the Customer shall quote the relevant invoice number in its remittance advice. 

8.3 Lonza shall issue invoices to Customer for [ ] ([ ] of the Price for Products or Services upon commencement thereof (the Initiation Payment and [ ] ([ ] upon Release of applicable Batches or completion of applicable Services (the Completion Payment ), unless otherwise stated in the Project Plan. Charges for Raw Materials and the Raw Materials Fee for each Batch shall be invoiced upon the Release of each Batch or completion of applicable Services. Charges for consumables and wearables, as well as charges for Services provided by External Laboratories, shall be invoiced upon the Release of the applicable Batch or completion of applicable Services at cost plus a fee of [ ] ([ ] ). All invoices are strictly net and payment must be made within [ ] of date of invoice. Payment shall be made without deduction, deferment, set-off, lien or counterclaim, except as set forth in the Agreement or any Amendments. The provisions of this Clause 8.3, including the rate of markup charges set forth herein and in the definition of Raw Materials Fees, shall apply prospectively to all Services under the Agreement. 

8.4 If in default of payment of any undisputed invoice on the due date, interest shall accrue on any amount overdue at the lesser of (i) rate of [ ] ([ ] per month above the Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON) or (ii) the maximum rate allowable by applicable law, interest to accrue on a day to day basis until full payment; and Lonza shall, at its sole discretion, and without prejudice to any other of its accrued rights, be entitled to suspend the provision of the Services and or delivery of Product until all overdue amounts have been paid in full including interest for late payments. 

8.5 Price adjustments . 

8.5.1 Not more than once per calendar year, Lonza may adjust the Price in accordance with [ ] for the previous calendar year. The new Price reflecting such Batch Price adjustment shall be effective for any Batch for which the Commencement Date is on or after the date of Lonza s notice to Customer of the Price adjustment. 

8.5.2 In addition to the above, the Price may be changed by Lonza, upon reasonable prior written notice to Customer (providing reasonable detail in support thereof), to reflect (i) an increase in variable costs (such as energy) by more than [ ] ([ ] (based on the initial Price or any previously amended Price), or for a process adjustment or assumption changes, and (ii) any material change in an environmental, safety or regulatory standard that substantially impacts Lonza s cost and ability to perform the Services, in each case to the extent not already passed through to Customer. 

9 Capital Equipment 

9.1 Upon agreement between the Parties, Lonza shall use commercially reasonable efforts to purchase Capital Equipment in a timely manner so as not to delay any of the Services to be performed by Lonza under a Project Plan. Parties shall notify each other in writing sufficiently in advance in the event that a Party foresees such purchase requirement. 

10 Intellectual Property 

15 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 10.1 Except as expressly otherwise provided herein, neither Party will, as a result of this Agreement, acquire any right, title, or interest in any Background Intellectual Property of the other Party. 

10.2 Subject to Clause 10.3, Customer shall own all right, title, and interest in and to any and all Intellectual Property that Lonza and/or its Affiliates, the External Laboratories or other contractors or agents of Lonza develops, conceives, invents, first reduces to practice or makes, solely or jointly with Customer or others, in the performance of the Services, to the extent such Intellectual Property is a direct derivative of or improvement to the Drug Product, Product, Drug Substances, Customer Materials, Customer Information and/or Customer Background Intellectual Property (collectively, the New Customer Intellectual Property ). For avoidance of doubt, New Customer Intellectual Property shall include any material, processes or other items that solely embody, or that solely are claimed or covered by, any of the foregoing Intellectual Property, but excluding any New General Application Intellectual Property. 

10.3 Notwithstanding Clause 10.2, and subject to the license granted in Clause 10.5, Lonza shall own all right, title and interest in Intellectual Property that Lonza and/or its Affiliates, the External Laboratories or other contractors or agents of Lonza, solely or jointly with Customer, develops, conceives, invents, or first reduces to practice or makes in the course of performance of the Services to the extent such Intellectual Property (i) is generally applicable to the development or manufacture of chemical or biological products or product components, and could reasonably have been made without the use of the Drug Product, Drug Substances, Customer Materials, Customer Information, or Customer Background Intellectual Property or (ii) is an improvement of, or direct derivative of, any Lonza Information or Lonza Background Intellectual Property New General Application Intellectual Property ). For avoidance of doubt, New General Application Intellectual Property shall include any material, processes or other items that embody, or that are claimed or covered by, any of the foregoing Intellectual Property. 

10.4 Lonza hereby assigns to Customer all of its right, title and interest in any New Customer Intellectual Property. Lonza shall execute, and shall require its personnel as well as its Affiliates, External Laboratories or other contractors or agents and their personnel involved in the performance of the Services to execute, any documents reasonably required to confirm Customer s ownership of the New Customer Intellectual Property, and any documents required to apply for, maintain and enforce any patent or other right in the New Customer Intellectual Property. Customer hereby assigns to Lonza all of its right, title and interest in any New General Application Intellectual Property. Customer shall execute, and shall require its personnel as well as its Affiliates and their personnel involved in the performance of the Services to execute, any documents reasonably required to confirm Lonza s ownership of the New General Application Intellectual Property, and any documents required to apply for, maintain and enforce any patent or other right in the New General Application Intellectual Property. 

10.5 Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein (including the payment of the Price as required above), Lonza hereby grants to Customer a non-exclusive, world-wide, fully paid-up, irrevocable, transferable license, including the right to grant sublicenses, under the New General Application Intellectual Property, to research, develop, make, have made, use, sell and import the Product. 

10.6 Customer hereby grants Lonza the non-exclusive right to use the Drug Substances, Drug Product, Product, Customer Materials, Customer Information, Customer Background Intellectual Property and New Customer Intellectual Property during the Term solely for the purpose of fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement. 

16 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 10.7 Customer will have the right to transfer the Manufacturing Process to itself, its Affiliates and/or any third Party, provided, however, to the extent such technology transfer includes Lonza Confidential Information, or Lonza Background Intellectual Property, such technology transfer to any Third Party shall be subject to [ ] and a reasonable royalty and/or licensing fee and terms to be agreed upon by the Parties. Lonza will not include in the Manufacturing Process any Lonza Confidential Information or Lonza Background Intellectual Property that would require Customer to pay any additional payment and/or royalty to Lonza in order to transfer the Manufacturing Process to itself, its Affiliates and/or any Third Party without first obtaining Customer s prior written consent and advising Customer as to the royalty structure and any other payment that would apply for the use of such Lonza Confidential Information or Lonza Background Intellectual Property. If Customer has provided such consent and the Manufacturing Process includes the use of any such additional payment-bearing or royalty-bearing Lonza Confidential Information or Lonza Background Intellectual Property, then Customer will pay to Lonza an agreed royalty and/or other agreed payments for the use of Lonza Confidential Information or Lonza Background Intellectual Property. Lonza shall provide reasonably necessary documents to complete such technology transfer, including transfer of New General Application Intellectual Property, if applicable, and subject to the terms and conditions of this Clause 10.7, Lonza Confidential Information or Lonza Background Intellectual Property, if incorporated into the Manufacturing Process with Customer s consent, and Customer shall reimburse Lonza for any costs (based on a full-time employee rate for such support) and expenses, provided that the total cost of such assistance (excluding any costs paid to Lonza for the use of Lonza s Confidential Information or Lonza Background Intellectual Property) will not exceed [ ]. 

10.8 Data Usage . Notwithstanding the confidentiality provisions in Clause 13 as they may relate to the use of Services Data, the Parties agree that all Services Data may be collected, aggregated, hosted, mined or otherwise stored and maintained by Lonza and its Affiliates, Subcontractors and External Laboratories in a data platform utilized by Lonza to develop and improve services for the benefit of Lonza s customers (the Data Platform ). Customer hereby grants to Lonza a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual and irrevocable license solely to use Services Data in a blinded and aggregated format for Lonza s purposes of (i) research, development, commercialization of, and securing rights to, development, manufacturing and testing systems, platforms, and service offerings, and (ii) use of the Data Platform for provision of services to Lonza s customers, provided that the obligations set forth in this Clause shall at all times apply. As used in this Clause, blinded means neither Customer nor Drug Substances, Drug Product, Product, Customer Materials, Customer Information, Customer Background Intellectual Property and New Customer Intellectual Property or any other Customer property or information are identifiable. 

11 Warranties 

11.1 Lonza warrants that: 

11.1.1 the Services shall be performed in a professional and workmanlike manner and in accordance with all Applicable Laws; 

11.1.2 Lonza will not knowingly include in the Manufacturing Process any elements that infringe any intellectual property rights controlled by any Third Party; 

11.1.3 except with respect to any development services and Non-Clinical Batches (including the Technical Batches), the manufacture of Product shall be performed in accordance with cGMP and will meet the Specifications at the 

17 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 date of delivery; 

11.1.4 the manufacture of the Non-Clinical Batches (including the Technical Batches) shall be performed as required in the Project Plan; 

11.1.5 it or its Affiliate holds all necessary permits, approvals, consents and licenses to enable it to perform the Services at the Facility; 

11.1.6 it has the necessary corporate authorizations to enter into and perform this Agreement; 

11.1.7 Lonza has never been debarred under the Generic Drug Enforcement Act of 1992, 21 U.S.C. Sec. 335a (a) or (b) (the Act ). In the event that during the term of this Agreement, Lonza becomes debarred, suspended, excluded, sanctioned, or otherwise declared ineligible under the Act; Lonza agrees to promptly notify Customer. Lonza also agrees that in the event that it becomes debarred, suspended, excluded, sanctioned, or otherwise declared ineligible under the Act, it shall promptly cease all activities relating to this Agreement; and 

11.1.8 subject to payment of undisputed invoices, title to all Product and all New Customer Intellectual Property provided to Customer under this Agreement shall pass free and clear of any security interest, lien or other encumbrance in favour of Lonza. 

11.2 Customer warrants that: 

11.2.1 as of the date of this Agreement to the best of the Customer s knowledge and belief, the Customer has all the rights necessary to permit Lonza to perform the Services without infringing the Intellectual Property rights of any Third Party and the performance of the Services shall not infringe any Third Party Intellectual Property rights; 

11.2.2 Customer will promptly notify Lonza in writing if it receives or is notified of a formal written claim from a Third Party that Customer Information and/or Customer Intellectual Property or that the use by Lonza thereof for the provision of the Services infringes any Intellectual Property or other rights of any Third Party; and 

11.2.3 Customer has the necessary corporate authorizations to enter into this Agreement. 

11.3 DISCLAIMER : THE WARRANTIES EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, BOTH EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 

11.4 Debarment . 

11.4.1 In the event a Party receives a notice from the other party Defaulting Party or otherwise becomes aware that a debarment, suspension, exclusion, sanction, or declaration of ineligibility action has been brought against the Defaulting Party; then the Party receiving such notice shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately; provided that if such event shall occur, 

18 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 the Party receiving such notice shall not have such right of termination if the Defaulting Party is disputing and defending such action and the Defaulting Party is otherwise able to perform its services in the manner required under this Agreement. 

11.4.2 Each Party shall ensure that it will not knowingly use in any capacity the services of any individual, corporation, partnership or association which has been debarred under 21 U.S.C. Sec. 335a(a) or (b), or listed in the DHHS/OIG List of Excluded Individuals/Entities or the General Services Administration's Listing of Parties Excluded from Federal Procurement and Non-Procurement Programs. 

12 Indemnification and Liability 

12.1 Indemnification by Lonza . Lonza shall indemnify the Customer, its Affiliates, and their respective officers, employees and agents Customer Indemnitees for any loss, damage, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney fees) that Customer Indemnitees may suffer as a result of any Third Party claim arising directly out of [ ] except, in each case, to the extent that such claims resulted from the negligence, intentional misconduct or breach of this Agreement by any Customer Indemnitees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lonza shall have no obligations under this Clause 12.1 for any liabilities, expenses, or costs to the extent arising out of or relating to claims covered under Clause 12.2. 

12.2 Indemnification by Customer . Customer shall indemnify Lonza, its Affiliates, and their respective officers, employees and agents Lonza Indemnitees from and against any loss, damage, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney fees) that Lonza Indemnitees may suffer as a result of any Third Party claim arising directly out of [ ]; except, in each case, to the extent that such claims resulted from the negligence, intentional misconduct or breach of this Agreement by any Lonza Indemnitees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer shall have no obligations under this Clause 12.2 for any liabilities, expenses, or costs to the extent arising out of or relating to claims covered under Clause 12.1. 

12.3 Indemnification Procedure . If the Party to be indemnified intends to claim indemnification under this Clause 12, it shall promptly notify the indemnifying Party in writing of such claim. The indemnitor shall have the right to control the defense and/or settlement thereof; provided, however, that (i) the indemnitor must obtain the prior written consent of the indemnitee (not to be unreasonably withheld) before entering into any settlement of such Third Party claim, and (ii) any indemnitee shall have the right to retain its own counsel at its own expense. The indemnitee, its employees and agents, shall reasonably cooperate with the indemnitor in the investigation of any liability covered by this Clause 12. The failure to deliver prompt written notice to the indemnitor of any claim, to the extent prejudicial to its ability to defend such claim, shall relieve the indemnitor of any obligation to the indemnitee under this Clause 12. 

12.4 DISCLAIMER OF CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES . IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR LOST REVENUES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT RESULTING FROM FRAUD, GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT AND/OR FOR EITHER PARTY S BREACH OF ARTICLE 13 HEREOF. 

19 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 12.5 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY . LONZA S LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED, IN THE AGGREGATE, [ ], EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT RESULTING FROM LONZA S FRAUD, GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT. 

13 Confidentiality 

13.1 A Party receiving Confidential Information (the Receiving Party agrees to strictly keep secret any and all Confidential Information received during the Term from or on behalf of the other Party (the Disclosing Party using at least the same level of measures as it uses to protect its own Confidential Information, but in any case at least commercially reasonable and customary efforts. Confidential Information shall include information disclosed in any form including but not limited to in writing, orally, graphically or in electronic or other form to the Receiving Party, observed by the Receiving Party or its employees, agents, consultants, or representatives, or otherwise learned by the Receiving Party under this Agreement, which the Receiving Party knows or reasonably should know is confidential or proprietary. 

13.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing, Receiving Party may disclose to any courts and/or other authorities Confidential Information which is or will be required pursuant to applicable governmental or administrative or public law, rule, regulation or order. In such case the Party that received the Confidential Information will, to the extent legally permitted, inform the other Party promptly in writing and cooperate with the Disclosing Party in seeking to minimize the extent of Confidential Information which is required to be disclosed to the courts and/or authorities. 

13.3 The obligation to maintain confidentiality under this Agreement does not apply to Confidential Information, which: 

13.3.1 at the time of disclosure was publicly available; or 

13.3.2 is or becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Agreement by the Receiving Party; or 

13.3.3 as the Receiving Party can establish by competent proof, was rightfully in its possession at the time of disclosure by the Disclosing Party and had not been received from or on behalf of Disclosing Party; or 

13.3.4 is supplied to a Party by a Third Party which was not in breach of an obligation of confidentiality to Disclosing Party or any other party; or 

13.3.5 is developed by the Receiving Party independently from and without use of the Confidential Information, as evidenced by contemporaneous written records. 

13.4 The Receiving Party will use Confidential Information only for the purposes of this Agreement and will not make any use of the Confidential Information for its own separate benefit or the benefit of any Third Party including, without limitation, with respect to research or product development or any reverse engineering or similar testing. The Receiving Party agrees to return or destroy promptly (and certify such destruction) on Disclosing Party s request all written or tangible Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party, except that one copy of such Confidential Information may be kept by the Receiving Party in its confidential files for record keeping purposes only. 

20 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 13.5 Each Party will restrict the disclosure of Confidential Information to such officers, employees, professional advisers, finance-providers, consultants and representatives of itself and its Affiliates who have been informed of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and who have a need to know such Confidential Information for the purpose of this Agreement or an applicable financing or acquisition. Both Parties may disclose Confidential Information of the other Party and its Affiliates to potential and actual acquirers provided such disclosure is limited to the terms of this Agreement. Customer also may disclose to its potential and actual: (i) acquirers and (ii) bona fide collaborators in the research, development and commercialization of the Products, the work product provided to Customer by Lonza as a consequence of the provision of the Services. Prior to disclosure to such persons, the Receiving Party shall inform the Disclosing Party and it shall bind its and its Affiliates officers, employees, consultants and representatives to confidentiality and non-use obligations no less stringent than those set forth herein. The Receiving Party shall notify the Disclosing Party as promptly as practicable of any unauthorized use or disclosure of the Confidential Information. 

13.6 The Receiving Party shall at any time be fully liable for any and all breaches of the confidentiality obligations in this Clause 13 by any of its Affiliates or the employees, consultants, potential and actual acquirers, and representatives of itself or its Affiliates. 

13.7 Each Party hereto expressly agrees that any breach or threatened breach of the undertakings of confidentiality provided under this Clause 13 by a Party may cause irreparable harm to the other Party and that money damages may not provide a sufficient remedy to the non-breaching Party for any breach or threatened breach. In the event of any breach and/or threatened breach, then, in addition to all other remedies available at law or in equity, the non-breaching Party shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief and any other relief deemed appropriate by the non-breaching Party. 

14 Term and Termination 

14.1 Term . This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall end on the fifth (5 th anniversary of the Effective Date unless terminated earlier as provided herein or extended by mutual written consent of the Parties (the Term ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Project Plan may have separate term and termination provisions so long as the term of any Project Plan does not extend beyond the Term. 

14.2 Termination . This Agreement may be terminated as follows: 

14.2.1 by either Party for any reason upon [ ] prior written notice; provided that Lonza may not provide such notice until the [ ] anniversary of the Effective Date. In such an event all cancellation terms in this Agreement shall apply (except, in the case of termination by Lonza pursuant to Clause 14.2.1, the Cancellation Fees shall not apply), and the Customer shall make payments for work commenced and performed under any purchase order(s) by Lonza prior to the termination notice date; 

14.2.2 by either Party if the other Party breaches a material provision of this Agreement or a Project Plan and fails to cure such breach to the reasonable satisfaction of the non-breaching Party within [ ] ([ ] for non-payment) following written notification of such breach from the non-breaching party to the breaching party; provided, however, that such [ ] period shall be extended as agreed by the Parties if the identified breach is incapable of cure within [ ] and if the breaching Party provides a plan and timeline to cure the breach, promptly commences efforts to cure the breach and diligently prosecutes such 

21 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 cure [ ]; 

14.2.3 by either Party, immediately, if the other Party becomes insolvent, is dissolved or liquidated, makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or files or has filed against it, a petition in bankruptcy or has a receiver appointed for a substantial part of its assets; or 

14.2.4 by either Party pursuant to Clause 15. 

14.3 Consequences of Termination . In the event of termination hereunder, Lonza shall be compensated for (i) Services rendered up to the date of termination, including in respect of any Product in-process; (ii) all costs incurred through the date of termination, including Raw Materials costs and Raw Materials Fees for Raw Materials used or purchased for use in connection with the Project Plan; (iii) all unreimbursed Capital Equipment and related decommissioning charges incurred pursuant to Clause 9; (iv) all Cancellation Fees due under Clause 6.4. In the case of termination by Lonza for Customer s material breach, Cancellation Fees shall be calculated as of the date of written notice of termination. 

14.4 Survival . The rights and obligations of each Party which by their nature survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement, including Clauses 5, 10-13 and 16 (to the extent relevant). 

15 Force Majeure 

15.1 If Lonza is prevented or delayed in the performance of any of its obligations under the Agreement by Force Majeure and gives written notice thereof to Customer specifying the matters constituting Force Majeure together with such evidence as Lonza reasonably can give and specifying the period for which it is estimated that such prevention or delay will continue, Lonza shall be excused from the performance or the punctual performance of such obligations as the case may be from the date of such notice for so long as such cause of prevention or delay shall continue. Provided that, if such Force Majeure persists for a period of [ ] or more, Customer may terminate this Agreement by delivering written notice to Lonza. 

15.2 Force Majeure shall be deemed to include any reason or cause beyond Lonza s reasonable control affecting the performance by Lonza of its obligations under the Agreement, including, but not limited to, any cause arising from or attributable to acts of God, strike, labor troubles, restrictive governmental orders or decrees, riots, insurrection, war, terrorist acts, or the inability of Lonza to obtain any required raw material, energy source, equipment, labor or transportation, at prices and on terms deemed by Lonza to be reasonably practicable, from Lonza s usual sources of supply. 

15.3 With regard to Lonza, any such event of Force Majeure affecting services or production at its Affiliates or suppliers shall be regarded as an event of Force Majeure. 

16 Additional Covenants 

16.1 Each Party shall comply with, and shall cause its Affiliates, subsidiaries, subcontractors, directors, officers, employees, agents or any other person acting on behalf of Lonza to comply with, all applicable Corruption Laws and International Trade Restrictions, and shall obtain all necessary export and re-export written consents, permits, and authorizations required by International Trade Restrictions; and 

22 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 16.2 In connection with the preparation and the performance of this Agreement, each Party shall take appropriate technical and organizational measures to comply with the GDPR, to the extent it is applicable. Lonza shall in compliance with GDPR as well as on Customer s request, destroy all personal data, unless Applicable Law prevents Lonza from such destruction. Lonza confirms that any personal identifiable data shared with Customer for the purposes of the Services, the preparation and the performance of this Agreement is done in accordance with the requirements of the GDPR. 

17 Miscellaneous 

17.1 Severability . If any provision hereof is or becomes at any time illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect, neither the legality, validity nor enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof shall in any way be affected or impaired thereby. The Parties hereto undertake to substitute any illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision by a provision which is as far as possible commercially equivalent considering the legal interests and the Purpose. 

17.2 Amendments . Modifications and/or amendments of this Agreement must be in writing and signed by the Parties. 

17.3 Assignment . Lonza shall be entitled to instruct one or more of its Affiliates to perform any of Lonza s obligations contained in this Agreement, but Lonza shall remain fully responsible in respect of those obligations. Neither Party may assign its interest under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, provided, however that either Party may assign this Agreement to (i) any Affiliate of such Party or (ii) any third party in connection with the sale or transfer (by whatever method) of all or substantially all of the assets of the business or Product of such Party to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, consolidation, acquisition or other form of business combination. Any purported assignment without a required consent shall be void. No assignment shall relieve any Party of responsibility for the performance of any obligation that accrued prior to the effective date of such assignment. Lonza shall be entitled to sell, assign and/or transfer its trade receivables resulting from this Agreement without the consent of the Customer. 

17.4 Notice . All notices must be written and sent to the address of the Party first set forth above. All notices must be given (a) by personal delivery, with receipt acknowledged, (b) by facsimile followed by hard copy delivered by the methods under (c) or (d), (c) by prepaid certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, or (d) by prepaid recognized next business day delivery service. Notices will be effective upon receipt or at a later date stated in the notice. 

17.5 Governing Law/Jurisdiction . This Agreement is governed in all respects by the laws of [ ], without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. The Parties agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in [ ]. 

17.6 Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Parties as to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same document. Each Party acknowledges that an original signature or a copy thereof transmitted by facsimile or by .pdf shall constitute an original signature for purposes of this Agreement. 

23 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , each of the Parties hereto has caused this Development and Manufacturing Services Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized representative effective as of the date written above. 
 [SIGNATURES FOLLOW ON THE NEXT PAGE] 
 
 24 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 
 LONZA LTD 
 By: /s/ Albert Pereda	 
 Name Albert Pereda 
 Title 
 Date 13-Apr-2022 
 
 By: /s/ Bernd Stefer	 
 Name Bernd Stefer 
 Title 
 Date 13-Apr-2022 
 Vaxcyte, Inc. 
 By: /s/ Grant Pickering	 
 Name Grant Pickering 
 Title CEO 
 Date 4/12/2022 
 25 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 

APPENDIX A 
 Project Plan A 
 
 [ ] 
 
 26 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 
 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. 
 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO DEVELOPMENT AND MANUFACTURING 
 SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 
 This First Amendment (the First Amendment ), comes into effect on May 12, 2022 (the First Amendment Effective Date ), is made by and between Lonza Ltd Lonza and Vaxcyte, Inc. Vaxcyte or Customer ). This First Amendment is to be incorporated as part of the Development and Manufacturing Services Agreement, dated March 22, 2022, between Lonza and Vaxcyte (the Original Agreement ). Lonza and Vaxcyte, hereafter referred to as a Party and collectively as the Parties. 
 Whereas: 
 1. Lonza and Vaxcyte entered into the Original Agreement which the Parties now desire to amend; 

2. The Parties wish to amend the Original Agreement by adding a new Project Plan B, attached hereto, in the Appendix A of the Original Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties hereby agree that the following amendments are made to the Original Agreement: 
 1. All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Original Agreement. 

2. The Parties hereby agree that the wording attached herein shall be added to the Original Agreement Appendix A as Project Plan B. 

3. All other terms and conditions of the Original Agreement, as amended, shall remain in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this First Amendment and the Original Agreement, the terms and conditions set forth in the Original Agreement shall control. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Vaxcyte and Lonza hereby enter into this First Amendment, effective as of the Tenth Amendment Effective Date. 
 VAXCYTE, INC	LONZA LTD 
 By: /s/ Grant Pickering	By: /s/ Bernd Stefer 
 Name: Grant Pickering	Name: 
 Title: CEO	Title: 

By:	By: /s/ Albert Pereda 
 Name:	Name: 
 Title:	Title: 

27 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 APPENDIX A 
 
 Project Plan B 
 
 [ ] 

28 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. 
 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO DEVELOPMENT AND MANUFACTURING SERVICES AGREEMENT 

This Second Amendment (the Second Amendment ), comes into effect on November 21, 2022 (the Second Amendment Effective Date ), is made by and between Lonza Ltd Lonza and Vaxcyte, Inc. Vaxcyte or Customer ). This Second Amendment is to be incorporated as part of the Development and Manufacturing Services Agreement, dated March 22, 2022, between Lonza and Vaxcyte (the Original Agreement ). Lonza and Vaxcyte, hereafter referred to as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 
 
 Whereas: 
 
 1. Lonza and Vaxcyte entered into the Original Agreement which the Parties now desire to amend; 

2. The Parties wish to modify the Project Plan A for the manufacturing of the Customer s [ ]. 

NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties hereby agree that the following amendments are made to the Original Agreement: 
 
 1. All capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Original Agreement. 

2. The Parties hereby agree that the wording attached herein shall replace the Original Agreement Appendix A as Project Plan A . [ ]. 

3. All other terms and conditions of the Original Agreement, as amended, shall remain in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Second Amendment and the Original Agreement, the terms and conditions set forth in the Original Agreement shall control. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Vaxcyte and Lonza hereby enter into this Second Amendment, effective as of the Tenth Amendment Effective Date. 
 
 VAXCYTE, INC		LONZA LTD 

By: /s/ Grant Pickering		By: /s/ Albert Pereda 
 Name: Grant Pickering 		Name 
 Title: CEO		Title: 

By:		By: /s/ Bernd Stefer 
 Name:		Name 
 Title:		Title: 
 
 29 
 
 CONFIDENTIAL 
 Appendix A 
 Project Plan A 
 
 [ ] 

30 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 5
 pcvx-ex10_19.htm
 EX-10.19

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.19 
 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. 
 SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
 This SUPPLY AGREEMENT Supply Agreement is made as of May 29, 2018 (the Effective Date by and between SutroVax, Inc., a Delaware corporation having principal offices at 353 Hatch Dr., Foster City, CA 94404 SutroVax and Sutro Biopharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation, having principal offices at 310 Utah Ave, Suite 150, South San Francisco, CA, 94080 Sutro ). SutroVax and Sutro may be referred to herein by name or individually, as a Party and collectively, as the Parties. 
 BACKGROUND 
 A. Sutro controls certain proprietary technology which permits cell-free expression of proteins, and Sutro licensed such technology to SutroVax under that certain Amended and Restated SutroVax Agreement dated as of October 12, 2015 (the License Agreement ). 
 B. SutroVax is a vaccine company primarily in the business of developing, manufacturing and marketing vaccine products; and 
 C. SutroVax desires to purchase from Sutro, and Sutro desires to supply to SutroVax, the Extracts and Custom Reagents (as defined below) upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the covenants, conditions and undertakings hereinafter set forth, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 
 AGREEMENT 
 ARTICLE 1 
 DEFINITIONS/ INTERPRETATION 
 For the purposes of this Supply Agreement, the following capitalized words and phrases shall have the following meanings: 
 1.1 Affiliate means, with respect to either Party, any business entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such Party. For the purpose of this definition only, control means (i) the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct the management or policies of a business entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, or (ii) the ownership, directly or indirectly, of at least fifty percent (50 of the voting securities or other ownership interest of a business entity. Notwithstanding the above, in no event shall Sutro (or any entity that would be an Affiliate of SutroVax solely because it is an Affiliate of Sutro) be deemed an Affiliate of SutroVax, or SutroVax (or any entity that would be an Affiliate of Sutro solely because it is an Affiliate of SutroVax) an Affiliate of Sutro. 
 
 1.2 Applicable Law means all laws, ordinances, rules, rulings, directives and regulations of any Governmental Authority that apply to the development, manufacture or supply of any Product or the other activities contemplated under this Supply Agreement, including (i) all applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations; (ii) the U.S. Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act; (iii) regulations and guidelines of the FDA and other Regulatory Authorities, including cGMPs, if applicable; and (iv) any applicable non-U.S. equivalents of any of the 
 
 foregoing, including guidelines of the International Conference on Harmonization of Technical Requirements for Registration of Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (as amended from time to time). 
 1.3 cGMPs means current good manufacturing practices and standards as set forth (and as amended from time to time) in the current Good Manufacturing Practice Regulations of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations, including 21 C.F.R. Sections 210 and 211, the European Community Directive 2003/94/EC and the ICH Harmonised Tripartite Guideline, Good Manufacturing Practice Guides for Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (Q7). 
 1.4 Components means any product or material used in the Manufacture of the Products including the packaging materials. 
 1.5 Extract means Sutro s extract derived from strains of E. coli identified on Schedule 1 attached hereto, as may be amended from time to time in accordance with Section 12.7, and any new versions and improvements thereof that may be included in Schedule 1 by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with Section 12.7. 
 1.6 Facility or Facilities means the facilities where Product will be Manufactured as set forth in Schedule 1 . Schedule 1 may be amended from time to time in accordance with this Supply Agreement to add or remove facilities. 
 1.7 FDA means the United States Food and Drug Administration, or any successor agency thereto performing similar functions. 
 1.8 Fully Burdened Manufacturing Costs means, with respect to a Product, Sutro s costs of manufacturing such Product, which manufacturing costs shall mean: (a) [ ], and (b) [ ], in each case to the extent directly allocated to and incurred in the manufacture by Sutro of such Product supplied to SutroVax, its Affiliates and Sublicensees. Fully Burdened Manufacturing Costs shall not include any [ ] and shall be calculated in accordance with the foregoing, GAAP and Sutro s policies and procedures for its other products, in each case consistently applied (and such plant operations and support services costs shall be allocated consistent with GAAP and other products of Sutro in that facility). 
 1.9 Governmental Authority means any court, agency, department, authority or other instrumentality of any nation, state, country, city or other political subdivision, including any Regulatory Authority. 
 
 1.10 Manufacture or Manufacturing means the processes and procedures for the supply of the Products, including, (a) the supply and quality control of the Components; (b) the manufacture of the Products in bulk; (c) the Packaging and labeling of the Products; (d) the quality control of the Products; and (e) the storage of the Products until shipment. 
 1.11 Package or Packaging means packaging Product(s) in accordance with applicable Specifications. 
 1.12 Person means an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency thereof. 
 1.13 Price means the price to be paid by SutroVax for each Product as set forth on Schedule 1 of this Supply Agreement and as may be modified from time to time in accordance with Section 3.2 . 
 1.14 Product(s) means the Extract and Custom Reagents. 
 1.15 Custom Reagents means Sutro s custom reagents identified on Schedule 1 attached hereto, and any new versions and improvements thereof that may be included in Schedule 1 by written agreement of the Parties in accordance with Section 12.7. 
 1.16 Regulatory Approval means, with respect to a product, all approvals, licenses, registrations or authorizations necessary to market and sell such product in a particular jurisdiction in the Territory (including applicable approvals of labeling, price and reimbursement for such product in such jurisdiction). 
 1.17 Regulatory Authority means any federal, national, multinational, state, provincial or local regulatory agency, department, bureau or other governmental entity, including the FDA, with authority over the development, Manufacture or commercialization (including approval of Regulatory Approvals) of any Product(s) in any jurisdiction in the Territory. 
 1.18 Regulatory Materials means regulatory applications, submissions, notifications, communications, correspondence, registrations, Regulatory Approvals and/or other filings made to, received from or otherwise 
 
 conducted with a Regulatory Authority (including minutes of meeting with Regulatory Authorities) that are necessary or reasonably desirable to access in connection with the development, manufacture, marketing, sale or other commercialization of any Product in a particular country or regulatory jurisdiction. Regulatory Materials include, without limitation, INDs, NDAs, BLAs, clinical trial applications, marketing approval applications and applications for pricing approvals. 
 1.19 Required Standards means Applicable Law, the Specifications, and the warranties given by Sutro in Section 7.3 , provided that Required Standards shall not include compliance with cGMPs for Custom Reagents, Extract identified as research grade Extract or Other Extracts. 
 
 1.20 Specifications means, with respect to a Product or applicable Component thereof, all written product, regulatory, Manufacturing, release criterion, quality control and quality assurance procedures, processes, practices, standards, instructions and specifications applicable to the Manufacture of such Product or Component, as agreed to by the Parties in writing from time to time. The initial Specifications for the Products are attached hereto as Schedule 2. 
 1.21 SutroVax CMO means any contract manufacturer responsible for supplying or manufacturing a Vaccine Composition on behalf of SutroVax or its Affiliates, selected in accordance with Section .2. 
 1.22 Territory means worldwide. 
 1.23 Third Party means any Person other than SutroVax, Sutro, or their respective Affiliates. 
 1.24 Additional Definitions. Each of the following terms shall have the meaning described in the corresponding Section of this Supply Agreement indicated below: 

Term 
 
 Section Defined 

Alternate Supplier 

2.15 

Acceptance Period 

4.2 

COA/COC 

4.1 

CMC 

6.2 

CMO 

2.15 

Delivery Time Period 

2.9.2 

Disputed Matter 

11.4 

Drug Master File 

6.2 

Effective Date 

Preamble 

Force Majeure 

12.3 

Forecast 

2.3 

Indemnify 

9.1.1 

Laboratory 

4.3 

Latent Defect 

4.2 

Liabilities 

9.1.1 

License Agreement 

Background 

Manufacturing Change 

6.6 

MSDS 

4.1 

Other Extract 

2.16 

Party or Parties 

Preamble 

Term 
 
 Section Defined 

Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement 

2.14 

Q1, Q2 or Q3 

2.3 

Quality Agreement 

6.7 

Senior Management 

11.2 

Short Dated Product 

2.11 

Sutro 

Preamble 

Sutro Activity Criteria 

4.1 

Sutro Activity Test 

4.1 

Sutro Indemnitees 

9.1.2 

SutroVax 

Preamble 

SutroVax Activity Criteria 

4.1 

SutroVax Activity Test 

4.1 

SutroVax Indemnitees 

9.1.1 

Supply Agreement 

Preamble 

Term 

10.1 

Third-Party Claim 

9.1.1 

Transfer Addendum 

2.15 

Work Order 

2.3 

1.25 Interpretation. The captions and headings to this Supply Agreement are for convenience only, and are to be of no force or effect in construing or interpreting any of the provisions of this Supply Agreement. Unless specified to the contrary, references to Articles, Sections, Schedules or Exhibits mean the particular Articles, Sections, Schedules or Exhibits to this Supply Agreement and references to this Supply Agreement include all Schedules and Exhibits hereto. Unless context clearly requires otherwise, whenever used in this Supply Agreement: (i) the words include or including shall be construed as incorporating, also, but not limited to or without limitation; (ii) the word or shall have its inclusive meaning of and/or; (iii) the word notice shall require notice in writing (whether or not specifically stated) and shall include notices, consents, approvals and other written communications contemplated under this Supply Agreement; (iv) the words hereof, herein, hereunder, hereby and derivative or similar words refer to this Supply Agreement (including any Schedules and Exhibits); (v) provisions that require that a Party or the Parties agree, consent or approve or the like shall require that such agreement, consent or approval be specific and in writing; (vi) words of any gender include the other gender; (vii) words using the singular or plural number also include the plural or singular number, respectively; (viii) references to any specific law, or article, section or other division thereof, shall be deemed to include the then-current amendments thereto or any replacement thereof; (ix) neither Party shall be deemed to be acting under the authority of the other Party; and (x) any capitalized terms used and not defined in this Supply Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the License Agreement. 
 ARTICLE 2 
 SUPPLY 
 2.1 Supply. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Supply Agreement, Sutro agrees that it will Manufacture the Product(s) at the Facility(ies) for SutroVax and shall supply the Product(s) to SutroVax, its Affiliates, and any SutroVax CMO, for purposes of production of Vaccine Compositions (including development of processes for the production of Vaccine Compositions), solely for non-clinical research purposes or in Phase I or Phase II clinical trials of such Vaccine Compositions.. 
 2.2 Transfer of Product. Subject to Section 2.1, SutroVax may transfer Products to SutroVax CMOs selected by SutroVax and that are reasonably acceptable to Sutro (the acceptance of which by Sutro not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) or previously approved by Sutro. 
 
 2.3 Work Orders. From time to time, Sutro and SutroVax may execute one or more work orders, that describe the Product to be Manufactured, the quantities of each Product to be Manufactured and supplied to SutroVax, the Price to be charged by Sutro (which shall be as set forth in Section 3.2) and paid by SutroVax for the Product, and the delivery date(s) for such Product, (as executed, a Work Order ). Each Work Order will expressly refer to this Supply Agreement, will form a part of this Supply Agreement, and will be subject to the terms and conditions contained herein. Sutro shall not unreasonably withhold its agreement to any proposed Work Order requested by SutroVax. Sutro shall be obligated to execute proposed Work Orders requested by SutroVax (except with respect to Other Extracts) with respect to quantities in such proposed Work Order for delivery at least [ ] months after SutroVax s request to the extent such quantities of Product (when added to the quantities of such Product in Work Orders previously agreed between the Parties for delivery within the one (1) calendar year period prior to the requested delivery date of the proposed Work Order) are less than (a) [ ] liters with respect to Extract or (b) a corresponding amount of each Custom Reagent to support use of [ ] liters of Extract. Sutro shall notify SutroVax as soon as possible if Sutro believes it will be unable to deliver Product in accordance with the applicable Work Order. Sutro s providing of such notification shall not be interpreted in any manner as relieving Sutro of its obligations under this Supply Agreement, nor shall it prevent SutroVax from pursuing any and all rights and remedies SutroVax may have based on Sutro s failure to be able to deliver any Product in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement. 
 
 2.4 Orders. 
 2.4.1 Purchase Orders . Once both parties have executed a Work Order, SutroVax shall place a purchase order for the amounts of Products to be purchased under such Work Order with delivery dates for such amounts consistent with such Work Order. Additionally, SutroVax may from time to time place purchase orders for additional quantities specifying requested delivery dates in accordance with reasonable delivery schedules and lead times; in each case, as may be agreed upon from time to time by the Parties. Each purchase order placed by SutroVax shall specify the quantity of Product, destination(s) and requested delivery dates. Sutro shall promptly accept all purchase orders with respect to the amounts of Products to be purchased under the applicable Work Order and shall accept or reject any amount in the purchase order in excess of the amounts of Products to be purchased under the applicable Work Order and all other purchase orders for Product submitted by SutroVax in accordance with this Article 2 within [ ] days from receipt of the order; provided however that Sutro shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to accept such amounts and purchase orders. Accepted purchase orders may not be cancelled without the prior written agreement of both Parties except as set forth in Sections 2.5 . Unless otherwise directed by SutroVax, Sutro shall fill all accepted purchase orders for Product in accordance with the requested due dates as set forth in further detail in Section 2.9.2 . 
 2.4.2 No Conflicting Terms . The terms and conditions of this Supply Agreement shall be controlling over any conflicting terms and conditions stated in SutroVax s purchase order or Sutro s invoice, confirmation or other standardized document. Any purchase order, order acknowledgement, invoice, proposal or other document which conflicts with or adds to the terms and conditions of this Supply Agreement with respect to the Manufacture and supply of Product for the Territory is hereby rejected, unless the Parties mutually agree to the contrary in writing. 
 2.4.3 Initial Order . Notwithstanding Section 2.3 or this Section 2.4 , Sutro accepts and agrees to fulfil the order previously placed by or on behalf of SutroVax (or to be placed by or on behalf of SutroVax, if no already placed) for the quantities of Product set forth in Schedule 3 by the delivery date set forth therein (the Initial Order ). 
 2.5 Cancellation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, SutroVax may not modify or cancel purchase orders with respect to the amounts of Product to be purchased under the applicable Work Order, however SutroVax may modify or cancel other purchase orders (including amounts in a purchase order in excess of the amounts of Product to be purchased under the applicable Work Order) for the Products provided that such modification or change is made further in advance of the originally requested delivery date than the required lead time, where the agreed required lead time for the applicable purchase order has been evidenced in writing (including, for example, by email) between the Parties. 
 2.6 Delivery and Risk of Loss. Sutro shall mark Product for delivery to the destination(s) specified by SutroVax. All shipments of Product(s) shall be delivered [ ] (lncoterms 2010) Sutro Facility. Title and risk of loss and damage to the Product(s) shall remain with Sutro until the Product(s) are delivered in accordance with the 
 
 foregoing, at which time title and risk ofloss and damage to the Product(s) shall pass to SutroVax. SutroVax will arrange for shipping from Sutro s Facility to the destination specified by SutroVax at SutroVax s cost and expense. 
 
 2.7 Packaging. Sutro shall provide the Product to SutroVax in Packaged form in accordance with the Required Standards. 
 2.8 Conformance to Required Standards. Sutro shall Manufacture the Product(s) in accordance with the Required Standards, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time. Each Party shall keep the other promptly and fully advised of any new requirements of the applicable Regulatory Authority or Applicable Law of which it becomes aware and Sutro shall promptly implement such requirements as described in Section 6.6. 
 2.9 Supply and Delivery. 
 2.9.1 Shortage . Sutro shall use reasonable efforts to promptly notify SutroVax in writing in the event that Sutro is unable or anticipates that it will be unable to supply compliant Product in accordance with the requirements of this Supply Agreement, including the Quality Agreement and all Required Standards, and each Work Order. Sutro shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to overcome any inability or anticipated inability to so supply compliant Product to SutroVax. 
 2.9.2 Delivery Delays . Subject to Section 2.4.1 (including applicable lead times agreed upon in accordance with Section 2.4.1) Sutro shall make deliveries of Product(s) in accordance with Section 2.6, no more than [ ] days before or [ ] after the delivery dates specified by SutroVax in the relevant purchase order (provided that such delivery date is in accordance with the applicable Work Order or such purchase order was otherwise accepted by Sutro) (the Delivery Time Period ). For any failure to supply compliant Product(s) in the later of the Delivery Time Period and the period ending [ ] after the delivery date specified under the Work Order, without limiting SutroVax s other remedies, subject to this Section 2.9.2 and Section 9.3 (Limitation of Liability), Sutro shall be liable for any non-cancelable Third Party penalties, costs and expenses incurred by SutroVax as a result of Sutro s failure to supply Product(s) as aforesaid, subject to receipt by Sutro of appropriate documentary evidence of such penalties, costs and expenses to the extent such evidence of such amounts may be provided by SutroVax without breaching SutroVax s or its Affiliates duties of confidentiality to such Third Party (and provided that SutroVax shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) minimize or eliminate such penalties, costs and expenses and (ii) where provision of such evidence to Sutro would result in a breach of such duties of confidentiality, to obtain the consent of the applicable Third Party to the provision of such evidence to Sutro). In the event that Sutro makes a Manufacturing Change and is not able to Manufacture and supply Product in conformance with the Required Standards within [ ] days of the delivery date identified on the applicable purchase order, Sutro shall Manufacture such Product without such Manufacturing Change. The rights of SutroVax set forth in this paragraph are in addition to any other rights set forth in this Supply Agreement. 
 2.10 Allocation. Without limiting any other rights or remedies available to SutroVax, if the demand for a Product in aggregate exceeds available supply or Sutro otherwise concludes that it may be unable to supply a Product in accordance with the requirements of this Supply Agreement in the quantities and within the time periods specified in each Work Order and the corresponding purchase orders that have been accepted by Sutro, Sutro shall immediately notify SutroVax of such shortfall (or anticipated shortfall), and shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to procure Components and capacity adequate to meet accepted purchase orders and supply compliant Product in accordance with the requirements of this Supply Agreement. Sutro shall allocate its available Components and manufacturing capacity to provide SutroVax with quantities of such Product at least equal to the greater of (a) [ ] of the amount of Product (or products equivalent to Product) that Sutro allocates for itself and its Affiliates (but in no event less than [ ] liters of Extract per month and the minimum allocation volume set out in Schedule 1 of each Custom Reagent per month), provided that SutroVax demonstrates actual need for the applicable quantities of Extract, and (b) the [ ]. Without limiting the foregoing, if there is a shortage of supply of Product, Sutro shall provide Product to SutroVax for any quantities of Product ordered by SutroVax in accordance with the applicable Work Order or purchase order in priority to any subsequent Third Party purchase orders, but not in priority to any Third Party purchase orders or other binding commitment placed before placement of the applicable SutroVax Work Order or purchase order. 
 2.11 Short Dated Product. Sutro agrees to ship all Product(s) so that they are delivered to SutroVax and will remain compliant with the Specifications for at least [ ] months from the date of delivery in accordance with this Supply Agreement. 
 
 2.12 Subcontracting by Sutro. Sutro shall (a) ensure that any subcontractor or delegatee of Sutro s obligations under this Supply Agreement has and maintains all appropriate qualifications; (b) enter into a quality agreement with each such subcontractor and delegatee which terms are similar to the terms of the Quality Agreement between SutroVax and Sutro; and (c) be responsible for each subcontractor s and delegatee s performance hereunder (including performance or non-performance by such subcontractor or delegatee that would constitute a breach of this Supply Agreement or such quality agreement if conducted by Sutro) as if Sutro were itself performing such activities. Sutro shall not subcontract the Manufacture of Product to a Third Party without SutroVax s prior consent other than to an Alternate Supplier as expressly set forth in Section 2.15. 
 2.13 CMOs. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Supply Agreement, SutroVax shall have the rights to purchase Available Extracts and Extracts from CMOs (as defined in the License Agreement) to the extent provided in section 3.1 of the License Agreement. 
 2.14 Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement. If requested by SutroVax in writing (which request shall not be made prior to [ ]), the Parties shall negotiate in good faith reasonable terms and conditions of an agreement for the supply by Sutro of the Products for the production of Vaccine Compositions for use in phase 3 clinical studies and for commercial purposes Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement ). The price for the Products Manufactured by Sutro under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement shall not exceed [ ] of the Fully Burdened Manufacturing Cost thereof. If the Parties have not entered into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement within [ ] after SutroVax s request to negotiate the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement, upon either Party s request by written notice to the other Party the terms and conditions of the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement shall be determined by binding arbitration in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 11.4. Upon the selection of one draft Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement by the arbitrator pursuant to Section 11.4, unless SutroVax elects not to enter into such Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement by written notice thereof to Sutro within [ ] days after such selection, the Parties shall execute the definitive Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement selected by the arbitrator (but excluding, for clarity, any provision granting to SutroVax or its Affiliates or Sublicensees any right to obtain or use any Sutro Core Know-How); and if SutroVax elects to not enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement selected by the arbitrator by providing notice thereof within such [ ] day period, then neither Party shall be obligated to enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement. 
 2.15 Qualification of Alternate Supplier. 
 2.15.1 Transfer Addendum . 
 (a) Transfer Addendum . Upon SutroVax written request, the Parties agree to negotiate in good faith an addendum to this Supply Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which Sutro will conduct a Process Transfer to a Third Party contract manufacturer CMO and/or engage such CMO to establish Capacity to Manufacture Extract (as Process Transfer and Capacity are defined below), in each case for the Manufacture and supply of such Extract for SutroVax (or its Affiliate s or SutroVax CMO s) use to manufacture Vaccine Compositions, consistent with the remainder of this Section 2.15 (such addendum, a Transfer Addendum ). As requested by SutroVax, this procedure may also be used in the event that SutroVax wishes Sutro to conduct a Process Transfer to a Third Party CMO in order to establish Capacity to Manufacture Custom Reagents. In connection with such request, SutroVax shall provide to Sutro a description of the desired Process Transfer and/or Capacity, including timing and other requirements thereof. Such Transfer Addendum shall: 
 (i) include a plan and budget for the conduct of the Process Transfer and/or establishment of such Capacity, which shall include amounts charged by the CMO (as defined further below, the Alternate Supplier to receive and conduct such Process Transfer and/or establish such Capacity, as well as reasonable FTE costs for Sutro personnel performing and managing technology transfer activities in accordance with the Transfer Addendum 
 (ii) require SutroVax to fund the costs incurred by Sutro to conduct Process Transfer and/or establish such Capacity in accordance with such budget; 
 (iii) provide for initiation and completion of the Process Transfer and establishment of Capacity as requested by SutroVax, to the extent possible; 
 (iv) to the extent requested by SutroVax, be designed to enable the Alternate Supplier to Manufacture Extract of suitable quality for use in Phase 3 clinical trials and commercialization of a Vaccine 
 
 Composition at a capacity to support SutroVax projected commercial requirements for Extract (or other capacity identified by SutroVax in connection with the negotiation of the Transfer Addendum), as requested by SutroVax; 
 (v) require the Parties to fully cooperate to verify that the Extract supplied by the Alternate Supplier meets the Specifications, to validate the Manufacturing process implemented at the Alternate Supplier and to qualify the Alternate Supplier, in each case to supply Extract for SutroVax use in Phase 3 clinical trials and commercialization of a Vaccine Composition (collectively, with respect to Capacity established, Validating such Capacity); 
 
 (vi) include mechanisms for keeping SutroVax fully informed, at scheduled intervals not to exceed once per quarter, of the progress of the Process Transfer and establishing such Capacity, as applicable, including with respect to the anticipated date for qualifying the Alternate Supplier and any changes to such anticipated date; 
 (vii) provide a right for SutroVax to modify the timing of or terminate the Process Transfer, Capacity or specified aspects thereof on reasonable notice, subject to SutroVax agreement to bear any resulting termination or cancellation fees charged by the Alternative Supplier; and 
 (viii) include a mechanism for Sutro to cooperate with SutroVax and keep SutroVax reasonably informed with respect to Sutro s negotiation of an agreement with a potential Alternate Supplier for a Process Transfer and/or establishment of Capacity, including with respect to pricing for Extract from the Alternate Supplier to Sutro and any commitments to purchase quantities of Extract from the Alternate Supplier that SutroVax would be obligated to assume (e.g., in connection with establishing Capacity), if any, and require Sutro to obtain SutroVax approval (not to be withheld unreasonably) of the terms of such agreement prior to entering into such agreement to the extent that the terms apply to SutroVax (it being understood that Sutro may redact any terms that are not relevant to SutroVax). 
 (b) Scope . As used above, Process Transfer means a technology transfer of Sutro s know-how and information as is necessary or useful for the Third Party CMO to Manufacture in its own facilities Extract that meets SutroVax requirements, including any such information and know-how as would be needed for such CMO to scale up such Manufacture to the requested commercial volumes. To establish Capacity means that the CMO would take such actions as are necessary (including validation and if necessary adapting or reserving existing facilities, establishing new facilities and/or procuring necessary equipment) to Manufacture Extract meeting SutroVax requirements for Phase 3 and commercial supply in such quantities as SutroVax designates. It is understood that SutroVax may request that the Process Transfer and establishment of Capacity be undertaken in separate steps, for example by undertaking an initial Process Transfer to demonstrate the CMO s ability to Manufacture Extract, and then later establishing Capacity for Phase 3 and commercial supply, as requested by SutroVax in accordance with Section 2.15.1(a) (i.e., in separate requests). 
 (c) Selection of Alternate Supplier . The Alternate Supplier will be selected by Sutro, provided that Sutro must select an Alternate Supplier that is substantially similar to those CMOs identified on Schedule 2.15.1 hereto and provided further that SutroVax shall have the right to veto such selection based only on a genuine and material conflict of interest between SutroVax and the Alternate Supplier. Additional CMOs may be added to Schedule 2.15.1 by Sutro with SutroVax s approval (not to be withheld unreasonably). 
 
 (d) Alternate Supplier as Subcontractor . It is understood that the Alternate Supplier established under the Transfer Addendum shall operate as a subcontractor of Sutro under this Supply Agreement and the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement, and as such SutroVax will order from Sutro thereunder any Extract to be Manufactured by such Alternate Supplier. Subject to the foregoing, the Transfer Addendum and the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement will include reasonable and customary rights for SutroVax to conduct audits/inspections, site visits, quarterly meetings, each such audit/inspection, site visit and quarterly meeting to be coordinated by Sutro and to occur in the presence of a representative for Sutro and SutroVax, in connection with the Alternate Supplier s manufacture of Extract for supply to SutroVax. For clarity, SutroVax shall not conduct any business discussions for the supply of Extract with the Alternate Supplier in a manner that induces the Alternate Supplier to breach its agreement with Sutro. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event Sutro undergoes a Change of Control or Sutro permits any third party to acquire Extract directly from an Alternate Supplier established under the Transfer Addendum, then SutroVax shall thereafter have the right to establish a supply agreement with and obtain supply of Extract directly from such Alternate Supplier. 
 
 (e) Quotations . Upon SutroVax s request (which request, for clarity, may be before a request to negotiate a Transfer Addendum), Sutro shall seek quotations from one or more Third Party CMO(s) for such a Process Transfer and/or establishment of such Capacity, in each case as requested by SutroVax, and the Parties shall reasonably cooperate to establish requests for quotations for such purposes. 
 (f) Arbitration . If the Parties have not agreed upon a Transfer Addendum within [ ] after SutroVax request, upon SutroVax request by written notice to Sutro, the terms and conditions of the Transfer Addendum shall be determined by binding arbitration in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 11.4. For clarity, however, it is understood that a Transfer Addendum shall not include any provision granting to SutroVax or its Affiliates or Sublicens.ee s any right to obtain or use any Sutro Core Know-How. 
 2.15.2 Source of Supply . It is understood that after the Alternate Supplier is qualified, SutroVax shall have the right under this Supply Agreement and the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement to specify whether Extract ordered from Sutro pursuant to this Agreement or the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement will be Manufactured at Sutro s Facility or at the Alternate Supplier s facilities (and to the extent Extract from the Alternate Supplier is ordered under this Supply Agreement or the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement, the facility of the Alternate Supplier shall be deemed a Facility for purposes of this Supply Agreement and the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement). Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent the FDA and EMA have confirmed that Extract manufactured at Sutro s Facility and the Alternate Supplier s Facility are interchangeable and can be supplied from either such Facility without any additional regulatory requirements or regulatory delay with respect to the applicable Vaccine Composition, and such Extract otherwise meets SutroVax requirements, then with SutroVax consent (not to be withheld unreasonably) Sutro may supply Extract from either Sutro s Facility or the Alternate Supplier s Facility. 
 2.15.3 Price . To the extent Sutro or its Affiliate Manufactures Extract supplied to SutroVax, the Price (per unit volume or unit weight) under this Supply Agreement and the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement for such Extract shall not exceed [ ] of the Fully Burdened Manufacturing Costs of such Extract; and to the extent the Extract to be supplied to SutroVax is Manufactured by a Third Party (including the Alternate Supplier), the Price to be charged to SutroVax under this Supply Agreement and the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement for such Extract shall equal the amount Sutro paid such Third Party for such Extract OOP Cost plus an amount reasonably calculated to cover Sutro s FTE costs to procure and manage the relationship with such Third Party, such amount not to exceed [ ] of the OOP Cost for such Extract. To the extent that Sutro or its Affiliate receives any portion of the amounts paid to such Third Party to Manufacture Extract (e.g., as a profit share or otherwise), the Price to be charged SutroVax shall be the lesser of i) [ ], or ii) [ ]; in either case, [ ]. For clarity, Section 3.4 of the License Agreement shall apply with respect to the Alternate Supplier. 
 2.15.4 Sutro/Third Party use of Alternate Supplier . Once the Alternate Supplier is qualified pursuant to this Section 2.15, SutroVax shall have the first right (as between SutroVax and Sutro or Third Parties supplied or authorized by Sutro) to obtain Extract Manufactured by the Alternate Supplier up to the Capacity established pursuant to the Transfer Addendum for a period ending the later of [ ] or [ ], and provided SutroVax commits to [ ] or [ ]. 
 2.16 Other Extracts. From time-to-time, subject to an agreed-upon Work Order, SutroVax may place purchase orders for quantities of research grade extract derived from strains of E. Coli other than that set forth on Schedule 1 attached hereto (each an Other Extract ). Sutro shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to accept such purchase orders (and shall accept such purchase orders placed consistent with an agreed-upon Work Order) and manufacture and supply to SutroVax such Other Extracts. For the purpose of calculating the Price for Other Extracts in accordance with this Section, the Price will be the cost of materials and Sutro s labor at an FTE rate of [ ] per year for Sutro laboratory scientists. Upon Sutro s acceptance of a purchase order for Other Extract, such Other Extract in such purchase order shall be deemed Extract for purposes of Sections 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4.1 (solely with respect to the last two sentences thereof), 2.5, 2.6, 2.7, 2.8, 2.9.1 , 3.1, 4, 5, 6, 7 and 9. 
 2.17 Manufacture of Custom Reagents. For clarity, SutroVax may Manufacture Custom Reagents itself or obtain supply thereof through a Third Party independent of this Supply Agreement and nothing in this Supply Agreement is intended to restrict SutroVax from doing so. Upon SutroVax s request, and subject to the remainder of the terms of this Section 2.17, Sutro shall (a) transfer to SutroVax or a contract manufacturer designated by SutroVax (which contract manufacturer is reasonably acceptable to Sutro, the approval of which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditions or delayed by Sutro) as soon as reasonably practicable the process to Manufacture each Custom Reagent and the items of Sutro Know-How reasonably necessary for SutroVax or its 
 
 designee to Manufacture each Custom Reagent, including cell lines, standard operating procedures, protocols, batch records, analytical method standard operating procedures and analytical method transfer protocols and (b) make Sutro Personnel reasonably available to SutroVax or its designee for scientific and technical explanations and on-site support that may reasonably be requested by SutroVax or its designee to Manufacture the Custom Reagents; provided however, that SutroVax shall fully reimburse Sutro for all documented time spent by Sutro s personnel to perform such transfer (on an FTE basis, each such FTE charged at an annual rate of [ ]) and out-of-pocket costs incurred by Sutro in connection with all of the activities under the preceding sub-clauses (a) and (b), in accordance with a budget reasonably approved in advance by SutroVax. Upon such SutroVax request, Sutro and SutroVax shall, within [ ] days, agree on a scope of work for such transfer, including scale, timeline, estimated budget, and required materials; both parties shall use reasonable efforts to complete the transfer as soon as reasonably practical. If requested by SutroVax (including if such request is prior to agreement on a scope of work), Sutro shall promptly transfer to SutroVax or its designee the cell lines, manufacturing instructions and analytical methods used for Manufacture of each Custom Reagent. For clarity, SutroVax shall have the right to enter into an agreement directly with such designee for the Manufacture and supply of Custom Reagents directly to SutroVax, its Affiliates, and any SutroVax CMO and, upon SutroVax s request, to the extent necessary, Sutro shall authorize such designee to enter into such agreement with SutroVax and perform such activities. For further clarity, Sutro shall not be responsible for any damages resulting from delay or failure in establishing the processes for Manufacture of Custom Reagents at SutroVax s designee resulting from action or inaction on the part of the designee or to the extent beyond Sutro s control. SutroVax shall have the right to obtain from such designee such items of Sutro Know-How transferred to such designee and use such items in connection with the exercise of its rights pursuant to the License Agreement, including for the Manufacture of Custom Reagents and the management of such designee. SutroVax shall use such Sutro Know-How transferred under this Section 2.17 (to the extent it is Discloser s Information of Sutro and does not meet one or more the criteria in clause (a) through (e) of Section 10.1 of the License Agreement) only for the Manufacture of Custom Reagents or otherwise within the scope of rights and licenses granted SutroVax in the License Agreement. In case of such a transfer to SutroVax or its designee, SutroVax will share with Sutro (i) the proposed process for manufacture of Custom Reagents through a Third Party so that Sutro may provide feedback and ensure that the process and Specifications are consistent with Sutro s process, and (ii) all regulatory submissions (including DMFs with respect to Custom Reagents) at least [ ] days in advance of their intended date of submission to a Regulatory Authority in the Territory, and shall take into account Sutro s feedback to ensure alignment with Sutro s regulatory submissions and Regulatory Approvals with respect to Custom Reagents. Following completion of the transfer set forth above, Sutro shall provide reasonable support for the use of Third Party Custom Reagents in conjunction with Extract supplied by or on behalf of Sutro. In addition, Extract supplied by Sutro that conforms to the Required Standards when tested with Custom Reagents supplied by Sutro but not with Custom Reagents manufactured under this Section shall be deemed to conform to the Required Standards and SutroVax may not reject such Extract as a result of such non-conformance to the Required Standards when tested with Custom Reagents. SutroVax shall not prevent Sutro from separately contracting with the contract manufacturer for Manufacture of Custom Reagents for use on its own behalf or on behalf of other third parties. 
 2.18 Sutro Core Know-How. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, except as set forth in Section 15.3 of the License Agreement, in no event shall SutroVax, its Affiliates or Sublicensees have the right to access any Sutro Core Know-How (as defined in the License Agreement), whether directly from Sutro or its Affiliates or through a CMO or otherwise, and SutroVax, its Affiliates and Sublicensees shall not require, request or solicit any CMO to deliver any Sutro Core Know-How to SutroVax, its Affiliates and/or its Sublicensees, and no agreement between any CMO and Sutro, its Affiliates and Subsidiaries shall contain any provision granting to SutroVax or its Affiliates or Sublicensees any right to obtain or use any Sutro Core Know-How. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event any item of Sutro Core Know-How is delivered to SutroVax, its Affiliates and/or its Sublicensees (except as set forth in Section 15.3 of the License Agreement), SutroVax, its Affiliates and Sublicensees shall immediately return such item to Sutro. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent SutroVax or any of its Affiliates or Sublicensees is required by a Regulatory Authority (or Applicable Law) in the United States, Europe or Japan to confidentially disclose, as part of the applicable regulatory filings with respect to a Vaccine Composition, any Sutro Core Know-How (for clarity, excluding any tangible embodiments of such Sutro Core Know-How other than information and documentation), Sutro shall, upon SutroVax s written request, confidentially disclose such Sutro Core Know-How as part of the applicable regulatory filings, subject to the payment obligations set forth in Section 5.4 of the License Agreement. 
 2.19 Express Rights. Except as expressly set forth in this Supply Agreement, no rights or licenses are granted to SutroVax under this Supply Agreement. 
 
 2.20 Extract Requirements. SutroVax agrees to purchase all its requirements of Extract from Sutro in accordance with this Agreement, except to the extent SutroVax is allowed to purchase Extract from (a) Alternate Suppliers engaged by Sutro in accordance with Section 2.15 of this Agreement; (b) a CMO engaged or established and authorized by Sutro under Section 3.l(d) of the License Agreement; or (c) a CMO authorized by Sutro under Section 3.l(e) of the License Agreement. Manufacturing of Extracts in breach of this Section 2.20 shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement and the License Agreement by SutroVax. 
 ARTICLE 3 
 PRICING AND PAYMENT 
 3.1 Invoices. Sutro shall invoice SutroVax at the time of each shipment of Product(s) for the Price for such shipment. SutroVax will pay such invoices within [ ] days of receipt of invoice (including all required documentation) by SutroVax. 
 3.2 Prices. The Prices for the Products shall not exceed [ ] of the Fully Burdened Manufacturing Costs of such Product at the time such Product is manufactured and shall be set forth in the applicable Work Order. Upon SutroVax s request from time-to-time, Sutro shall disclose to SutroVax the then-current Price for Product. The Price for the Products as of the Effective Date is set forth in Schedule 1. 
 3.3 Recordkeeping. During the Term and for [ ] years thereafter, or for such longer period as may be required by Applicable Law, Sutro shall prepare and retain, and shall cause its subcontractors to prepare and retain, accurate books and records related to transactions made pursuant to this Supply Agreement and Prices. Such records shall be made available for reasonable review, audit and inspection upon reasonable notice and with reasonable frequency, upon SutroVax s request for the purpose of verifying Sutro s calculations of amounts due hereunder, the basis for such calculations (including Sutro s calculation of the Fully Burdened Manufacturing Costs) or payments and Sutro s compliance with the terms and conditions of this Supply Agreement. Audits and inspections may be conducted by SutroVax s own personnel or retained consultant(s), subject to the confidentiality obligations set forth in this Supply Agreement. 
 3.4 Taxes. The Prices are exclusive of all Taxes. SutroVax will pay all taxes and duties that are assessed by any national, federal, state or local governmental authority on SutroVax s purchase or use of the Products, including, without limitation, sales, use, excise, value-added and withholding taxes, but excluding any taxes based on Sutro s income or gross receipts (collectively, Taxes ). Sutro will separately identify all such Taxes on Sutro s invoice. 
 
 ARTICLE 4 
 PRODUCT TESTING 
 4.1 Product Testing and Inspections. Each shipment of Product shall be accompanied by a certificate of analysis describing all current requirements of the Specifications and results of tests performed on such Product and a certificate of conformity certifying that the quantities of Product supplied have been Manufactured, controlled and released according to the Required Standards COA/COC as set forth in the applicable Quality Agreement (subject to SutroVax s conduct of the SutroVax Activity Test to confirm Extract meets the SutroVax Activity Criteria). The COA/COC acceptance criteria for each Product shall be set forth in the Specification for such Product. Two of the tests and corresponding COA/COC acceptance criteria for the Extract shall be the performance of a productivity (Activity) test of the applicable Sutro protein (the Sutro Activity Test and Sutro Activity Criteria and the performance of a productivity (activity) test of the applicable Vaccine Composition (the SutroVax Activity Test and SutroVax Activity Criteria ). Sutro shall perform the Sutro Activity Test to confirm that all shipments of Extract meet the Sutro Activity Criteria and SutroVax (or its designee) shall perform the SutroVax Activity Test to confirm that all shipments of Extract meet the SutroVax Activity Criteria. Sutro will also provide SutroVax with Material Safety Data Sheets MSDS or an equivalent instrument recognized by the applicable Regulatory Authority as required for the Product(s), and updates of the same as necessary. 
 4.2 Acceptance/Rejection of Non-Conforming Goods. SutroVax or its designee shall have a period of [ ] calendar days from the date of delivery of the Product(s) in accordance with Section 2.6 and the COA/COCs or the equivalent instrument recognized by the applicable Regulatory Authority for such Product(s) Acceptance Period ), to inspect any shipment of Product(s) and conduct the SutroVax Activity Test to determine whether such 
 
 shipment conforms to the Required Standards. If SutroVax determines that the Product(s) do not conform to the Required Standards, it hall notify Sutro within the Acceptance Period, and, if requested by Sutro, SutroVax shall ship a sample of such non-conforming Product(s) to Sutro at Sutro s expense. SutroVax s failure to notify Sutro of the non-conformity within the Acceptance Period will be deemed for purposes of this Supply Agreement to constitute SutroVax s acceptance of such shipment, provided, however, that such acceptance shall be subject to SutroVax s right to reject Product(s) until [ ] days from the delivery date of the applicable Product, in each case, due to discovery by SutroVax or SutroVax s Affiliates or designees that the applicable Product does not conform to the Required Standards and such non-conformance could not reasonably be discovered within the Acceptance Period Latent Defects provided that SutroVax gives Sutro with written notice of such Latent Defect within [ ] days of SutroVax or any SutroVax Affiliate or designee becoming aware of such defect. 
 4.3 Disputes Regarding Conformance to Required Standards. If Sutro does not agree with SutroVax s determination that Product fails to conform to the Required Standards, then Sutro shall so notify SutroVax in writing within [ ] days of its receipt of SutroVax s notice of non-conformity with respect to such Product and (if requested) Product sample. Sutro and SutroVax shall use reasonable efforts to resolve such disagreement as promptly as possible. 
 
 Without limiting the foregoing, Sutro and SutroVax shall discuss in good faith mutually acceptable testing procedures pursuant to which both Sutro and SutroVax will re-test a sample of the disputed Product to determine whether such Product meets the Required Standards. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Sutro and SutroVax are unable to resolve such disagreement within [ ] days of the date of the applicable rejection notice, either Party may submit a sample of the allegedly non-conforming Product for testing and a determination as to whether or not such Product conforms to the Required Standards to an independent testing organization, or to a consultant of recognized repute within the United States pharmaceutical industry, in either case mutually agreed upon by the Parties (such organization or consultant, the Laboratory ), the appointment of which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed by either Party. The determination of the Laboratory with respect to all or part of any shipment of Product shall be final and binding upon the Parties. The fees and expenses of the Laboratory making such determination shall be borne by Sutro, in the event that the Laboratory determines that the Product was non-conforming and by SutroVax, in the event that the Laboratory determines that the Product did conform to the Required Standards. 
 4.4 Return and Replacement of Non-Conforming Goods. Product that is either rejected by SutroVax as not meeting the Required Standards, or that is determined by the Laboratory not to meet such Required Standards, shall, [ ], be returned by SutroVax to Sutro, or destroyed pursuant to Applicable Law, at Sutro s reasonable expense. Sutro shall replace any non-conforming Product(s) within the shortest possible time. SutroVax shall have no responsibility to Sutro for the amounts invoiced for non-conforming Product(s), and shall be credited for any amounts paid, but shall pay Sutro the applicable Price for the replacement Product(s) under the terms of Section 3.1 . 
 ARTICLE 5 
 INSPECTION 
 5.1 Right to Audit. During the Term and the [ ] period thereafter, SutroVax or a SutroVax Affiliate may, during normal working hours and upon reasonable advance notice perform site audits and inspect, or request information relating to, Sutro s or its subcontractor s Facilities and records directly or indirectly involved in the performance of this Supply Agreement or related to the Product(s). Such requests should be made in writing and Sutro will allow for such audits or inspection to occur within [ ] days from request (excepting for cause audits) for Sutro s Facilities and within [ ] days from request (excepting for cause audits) for Sutro s subcontractor s facilities. Reasonable advance notice for audits for cause shall not require more than [ ] advance notice. During such an inspection or request for information the inspectors may inquire about the progress of the work being carried out by Sutro or its subcontractor, and are in particular but not exclusively authorized to: 
 5.1.1 Inspect the Facilities, documents and equipment used, or to be used, in the Manufacture of the Product(s); 
 5.1.2 Verify the qualifications of the employees and subcontractors carrying out such work and their use of the relevant equipment; 

5.1.3 Evaluate all scientific techniques used by Sutro, its subcontractors and their respective employees in the performance of this Supply Agreement and the procedures used in the creation and storage of samples of the Product(s), provided that nothing in this Section 5.1.3 shall require Sutroto disclose any Sutro Core Know-How; 
 5.1.4 Verify and evaluate information relating to the utilization of the Manufacturing capacity of Sutro s Facilities or its subcontractor s Facilities; 
 5.1.5 Review correspondence, reports, filings and other documents from Regulatory Authorities to the extent related to the Manufacturing activities hereunder; 
 5.1.6 Evaluate the implementation of all Manufacturing and process changes made with respect to the Product, including pursuant to any corrective action plan; and 
 5.1.7 Ascertain compliance with Applicable Laws, the Specifications and this Supply Agreement. 
 5.2 Access. Sutro shall provide SutroVax s and its Affiliate s and Sublicensee s inspectors with access to its Facilities, and information related to such Facilities, in order that the inspectors may carry out the inspections or inquiries referred to in the provisions of this Article 5 . For the avoidance of doubt, neither SutroVax nor any of its Affiliates or Sublicensees (or their respective inspectors) shall have the right to observe the Manufacture of the Extract or be present at Sutro and its subcontractors Facilities at such times when Extract is being Manufactured. Sutro shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to obtain from its subcontractors commitments similar to those contemplated in this Section 5.2. Audits and inspections may be conducted by SutroVax s own personnel or retained consultant(s), subject to the confidentiality obligations set forth in this Supply Agreement. 
 5.3 Sutro Audits. Without limiting the foregoing; Sutro is responsible for auditing the facilities of the suppliers of Components, if any, periodically, and Sutro agrees to provide SutroVax, upon SutroVax s request with a current copy of the audit report of such facilities and to incorporate SutroVax s comments with respect to any corrective action plan related to the Product. 
 ARTICLE 6 
 REGULATORY AND QUALITY RESPONSIBILITIES 
 6.1 Regulatory Responsibilities. Sutro shall obtain and maintain any and all regulatory and governmental permits, licenses and approvals that are necessary for Sutro to Manufacture the Product(s) for SutroVax or its Affiliates in accordance with the terms of this Supply Agreement and Applicable Law. As between the Parties, SutroVax shall have the sole responsibility for all Regulatory Approvals of the Vaccine Compositions. 
 6.2 Right of Reference; Drug Master Files. Sutro shall (a) file Drug Master File(s) for the Products with the FDA as requested by SutroVax, and with Regulatory Authorities in the European Union (including the United Kingdom) and Japan in accordance with timelines to be mutually agreed upon (such agreement not to be unreasonably withheld by either Party) (provided at SutroVax s request, Sutro shall do so within [ ] of SutroVax s request using Regulatory Filings that comprise versions of the DMF(s) filed with the FDA that have been reformatted to comply with EU and Japanese requirements), and (b) provide the appropriate authorizations to such Regulatory Authority(ies) allowing the Regulatory Authority the right to review and SutroVax or its designee to reference such Drug Master File(s) in support of (and other Regulatory Materials, to the extent necessary to support) an application for Regulatory Approval submitted by SutroVax (or its permitted designee) for any Vaccine Composition produced using the Product the subject of the applicable Drug Master File (it being understood that SutroVax, its Affiliates and Sublicensees shall not have access to the information contained in such Drug Master Files (or other confidential Regulatory Materials submitted for a similar purpose as a Drug Master File (e.g., a clinical trial application for such purpose in the European Union)) as a result of such authorization and right to reference). Sutro shall file such Drug Master File in coordination with SutroVax s efforts to file and prosecute the applicable regulatory filings to such Regulatory Authority and Sutro shall be responsible, at SutroVax s sole expense (subject to a budget reasonably approved in advance by SutroVax), for providing the applicable Regulatory Authorities with such additional data as they may request (which may in some cases require Sutro to conduct additional studies), and for correcting any deficiencies of such Drug Master File identified by such Regulatory Authority, in each case in a reasonably prompt and efficient manner so as to prevent any delay in obtaining 
 
 Regulatory Approvals for any Vaccine Composition based on such Drug Master File. In addition, Sutro shall be responsible for maintaining such Drug Master File in accordance with applicable Laws as necessary to support filing and prosecuting the applicable regulatory filing(s) and obtaining and maintaining the applicable Regulatory Approval(s) for Vaccine Compositions produced using the Products. For further clarity, to the extent Sutro discloses. Sutro Know-How to SutroVax, SutroVax shall have the right to include (and authorize the inclusion of) such Sutro Know-How in Regulatory Materials to the extent it is necessary or useful for the purpose of obtaining Regulatory Approval of a Vaccine Composition. Sutro s obligations under this Section 6.2 shall [ ]. Sutro shall cause its personnel to record time spent performing such activities to a job code specific to such activities. For purposes of this Article 6 Drug Master File or DMF means a submission to a Regulatory Authority of information concerning the chemistry, manufacturing and controls CMC of the Products to permit such Regulatory Authority to review this information in support of any application for Regulatory Approval for a product submitted by a party that has been granted a right to reference such submission without disclosing the contents of such submission to such party. Sutro shall file DMF(s) for the Products with other Regulatory Authorities in the Territory in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement referenced in Section 2.14 (and, for clarity, shall file DMF(s) for the Products with Regulatory Authorities in the European Union (including the United Kingdom) and Japan as necessary to comply with the requirements of such Regulatory Authorities, to the extent not filed under this Supply Agreement). 
 6.2.1 Compliance . Subject to the foregoing, Sutro shall provide the information set forth under this Section 6.2 in a timely manner and compliant with the reporting requirements of the Regulatory Authorities. 
 
 6.2.2 Safety Data . Each Party understands and acknowledges that the other Party and its Affiliates and respective licensees or sublicensees may need to access and utilize and include certain safety data e.g ., adverse event reports) pertaining to product made using Products that is generated or received by such Party and its Affiliates and respective licensees or sublicensees in its Regulatory Materials in its respective Territory as required by applicable Laws. Each Party shall have the right to share any and all such safety data generated by the other Party or the other Party s Affiliates or licensees or sublicensees with its Affiliates and Third Parties (including its licensees and sublicensees) as permitted under section 10.2 of the License Agreement. 
 6.2.3 Cooperation . Each Party agrees to (i) make its personnel reasonably available at their respective places of employment to consult with the other Party on issues related to the activities conducted in accordance with this Article 6 or otherwise relating to the development of the Products or Vaccine Compositions and thereafter in connection with any request from any Regulatory Authority, including with respect to regulatory, scientific, technical and clinical testing issues, or otherwise, throughout the Term, and (ii) otherwise provide such assistance as may be reasonably requested by the other from time-to-time in connection with the activities to be conducted under this Article 6 or otherwise relating to the development of the Vaccine Compositions or Products. 
 6.3 Recalls. Each of SutroVax and Sutro will immediately inform the other in writing if it believes one or more lots of any Product(s), or any products made by Sutro or its licensees using the Products (to the extent such products are made using Products from the same batch provided to SutroVax), or any Vaccine Compositions should be subject to recall from distribution, withdrawal or some other field action, or that potential adulteration, misbranding, and/or other issues have arisen that relate to the safety or efficacy of such Product. SutroVax shall have the final decision-making authority as to any such recall or field action and the sole right to initiate any such recall or field action with respect to Vaccine Compositions made using the Products. Sutro shall cooperate in the conduct of any recall or field action with respect to the Vaccine Compositions as reasonably requested by SutroVax. In the event it is determined that such a recall resulted from a breach by either Party of any of its representations, warranties, duties or obligations under this Supply Agreement, such Party shall be responsible for the costs of the recall and shall reimburse the other Party as necessary; provided that if both Parties share responsibility with respect to such recall, the costs shall be shared in the ratio of the Parties contributory responsibility. 
 6.4 Retention of Samples. Sutro shall prepare and retain, and shall cause its subcontractors to prepare and retain, such samples and records in respect of the Product(s) and the Manufacture thereof as are required by Applicable Law (including, as applicable, cGMPs). 
 6.5 Regulatory Authority Inspections and Correspondence. Sutro shall permit Regulatory Authorities to conduct such inspections of any Facility at which any of the Manufacturing activities relating to the Product(s) are performed, as such Regulatory Authorities may request, including pre-approval inspections, and shall cooperate with such Regulatory Authorities with respect to such inspections and any related matters, in each case that is related 
 
 to the Manufacture of Product(s). Sutro shall give SutroVax or its Affiliates prior written notice of any such inspections, and shall keep SutroVax informed about the results and conclusions of each such regulatory inspection, including actions taken by Sutro to remedy conditions cited in such inspections. Sutro shall provide SutroVax with copies of any written inspection reports issued by anyRegulatory Authority and all correspondence between Sutro and any Regulatory Authority with respect thereto, including any notices of observation and all related correspondence, in each case relating to the Product(s) or its Manufacture or to general manufacturing concerns (e.g., facility compliance or the like) that are reasonably likely to impact the Product(s) to the extent such general manufacturing matters would be reasonably expected to have a material effect on the manufacture of Vaccine Compositions; provided that Sutro may redact from any such report and correspondence any Sutro Core Know-How and any information subject to an obligation of confidentiality to a Third Party. In addition, Sutro agrees to promptly notify and provide SutroVax copies of any material request, directive, or other written communication to or from Regulatory Authorities related to the Product or its Manufacture that would reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the manufacture of Vaccine Compositions (it being understood that SutroVax, its Affiliates and Sublicensees shall not have access to Sutro Core Know How (which Sutro may redact from such reports or correspondence provided to SutroVax) or Sutro s Drug Master Files or other confidential Regulatory Materials submitted for a similar purpose as a Drug Master File). Sutro shall provide SutroVax with a copy of the applicable portion of any correspondence made by Sutro to a Regulatory Authority for review and comment prior to submission to the applicable Regulatory Authority solely to the extent such correspondence made by Sutro is related to SutroVax or is in response to a request, directive or correspondence from the applicable Regulatory Authority regarding SutroVax or a Vaccine Composition (e.g., in response to a report regarding a pre-approval inspection for SutroVax). Sutro will consider in good faith any comments received from SutroVax within the time period indicated by Sutro (which shall not be less than [ ], to the extent consistent with the require timeline for Sutro s response) with respect to any matter that relates to SutroVax. In addition, Sutro shall notify SutroVax of any occurrences or information that arise out of Sutro s Manufacturing activities that have, or could reasonably be expected to have, adverse regulatory compliance or reporting consequences concerning any Product(s) or which might otherwise be reasonably expected to adversely affect the supply by Sutro of Product(s) to SutroVax. 
 6.6 Changes or Modifications in Manufacturing Activities. Sutro shall not make any changes to the Specifications, processes, Facilities, raw materials, raw material suppliers or any other item that would affect the Manufacturing activities related to the Product (a Manufacturing Change that (a) would require a change to the applicable Drug Master File, (b) would be reasonably expected to cause SutroVax to be materially delayed obtaining any Regulatory Approval with respect to Vaccine Compositions or (c) causes the Product to not meet the Specification therefor (including the Activity Test with respect to Extract); without SutroVax s prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delated). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sutro shall promptly make and implement such changes as are required by Applicable Law provided that, prior to implementation, Sutro shall provide notice thereof to SutroVax and confer with SutroVax with respect to its timelines, estimated effect on Price and other issues regarding such implementation. Sutro shall provide SutroVax at least [ ] days written notice prior to implementing any Manufacturing Change. Sutro shall not make any change to the Specification for a Product without SutroVax s prior written consent. In addition, SutroVax shall have the right to request changes in or modifications to the Specifications and Sutro will consider in good faith any such requested changes or modifications. All such changes or modifications shall be documented in writing and shall be signed by an authorized representative of SutroVax and Sutro. If such changes or modifications result in a material change in Sutro s Manufacturing costs or lead times, the Parties shall agree upon an appropriate adjustment to the Price or in the delivery schedules, as the case may be, for Product(s) to be provided by Sutro hereunder. Sutro shall promptly implement any agreed upon changes to the Specifications. 
 
 6.7 Quality Agreement. As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Date, the Parties shall enter into a quality agreement governing Sutro s supply of Products (the Quality Agreement ), which Quality Agreement shall include the Specifications for the Product(s) consistent with the Specifications set forth in Schedule 2. Accordingly, to permit the Quality Agreement to be finalized within such period, Sutro shall provide SutroVax or its designee access to Sutro s Facilities and records to enable SutroVax or its designee to complete an audit pursuant to Section 5.1 within [ ] days after the Effective Date. 
 ARTICLE 7 
 REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES 
 
 7.1 SutroVax Warranties and Representations. SutroVax represents and warrants the following: 
 7.1.1 SutroVax is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 7.1.2 SutroVax has all requisite power and authority to enter into this Supply Agreement. The person signing this Supply Agreement has the necessary corporate authority to legally bind SutroVax to the terms set forth herein. 
 7.1.3 SutroVax s execution of this Supply Agreement and performance of the terms set forth herein will not cause SutroVax to be in conflict with or constitute a breach of its organizational documents nor any other agreement, court order, consent decree or other arrangement, whether written or oral, by which it is bound. 
 7.1.4 SutroVax s execution of this Supply Agreement and performance hereunder are in, and will be in, compliance with any Applicable Law in all material respects. 
 7.1.5 This Supply Agreement is its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against SutroVax in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or by the principles governing the availability of equitable remedies. 
 7.2 Sutro Warranties and Representations. Sutro represents and warrants the following: 
 7.2.1 Sutro is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 7.2.2 Sutro has all requisite power and authority to enter into this Supply Agreement and has the requisite skill, knowledge, staffing, financial resources, capacity and ability to carry out its obligations hereunder. The person signing this Supply Agreement has the necessary authority to legally bind Sutro to the terms set forth herein. 
 
 7.2.3 Sutro s execution of this Supply Agreement and performance of the terms set forth herein will not cause Sutro to be in conflict with or constitute a breach of its organizational documents nor any other agreement, court order, consent decree or other arrangement, whether written or oral, by which it is bound. 
 7.2.4 Sutro s execution of this Supply Agreement and performance hereunder are in, and will be in, compliance with any Applicable Law in all material respects. 
 7.2.5 Sutro has and will maintain throughout the Term all permits, licenses, registrations and other forms of governmental authorization. and approval as required by Applicable Law in order for Sutro to execute and deliver this Supply Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder in accordance with all Applicable Law. 
 7.2.6 as of the Effective Date, to the best of Sutro s knowledge, the practice of the Sutro Platform, including the use of the Products, does not infringe any Third Party patents. 
 7.2.7 7.2.7 Sutro is not debarred and Sutro has not and will not use in any capacity the services of any person debarred under subsection 306(a) or (b) of the U.S. Generic Drug Enforcement Act of 1992, or other Applicable Law, nor have debarment proceedings against Sutro or any of its employees or permitted subcontractors been commenced. 
 7.2.8 This Supply Agreement is its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against Sutro in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally or by the principles governing the availability of equitable remedies. 
 7.2.9 As of the Effective Date, there are no claims, judgments or settlements against or owed by Sutro or its Affiliates, or pending or, to the best of Sutro s knowledge, threatened claims or litigation, relating to the Product(s). 
 7.3 Product Warranties. Sutro represents and warrants that: 
 7.3.1 Sutro s Facility and all Product (as delivered in accordance with Section 2.1 and until the expiration date thereof) supplied hereunder (and the Manufacture thereof) shall comply with this Supply Agreement, 
 
 all Applicable Law (including cGMPs, if applicable), be free from defects in material and workmanship, and meet all Specifications. 
 7.3.2 Title to all Product(s) provided under this Supply Agreement shall pass to SutroVax as set forth in Section 2.6 , free and clear of any security interest, lien, or other encumbrance. 
 7.4 Disclaimer. EACH PARTY AGREES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE 7 , NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, AND EACH PARTY HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AGAINST NON-INFRINGEMENT OR THE LIKE, OR ARISING FROM COURSE OF PERFORMANCE. 
 
 ARTICLE 8 
 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 8.1 Article 10 of the License Agreement (Confidentiality) is hereby incorporated into this Supply Agreement by reference. The terms and provisions of this Supply Agreement (which shall be the Discloser s Information of both Parties) and all other information and data, including all notes, books, papers, diagrams, documents, reports, e-mail, memoranda, visual observations, oral communications and all other data or information in whatever form, that one Party or any of its Affiliates or representatives supplies or otherwise makes available to the other Party or its Affiliates or representatives pursuant to this Supply Agreement shall be deemed Discloser s Information pursuant to Article 10 of the License Agreement. 
 ARTICLE 9 
 INDEMNIFICATION AND INSURANCE 
 9.1 Indemnification. 
 9.1.1 Indemnification by Sutro . Sutro hereby agrees, at its sole cost and expense, to defend, hold harmless and indemnify, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, (collectively, Indemnify SutroVax and its Affiliates and their respective agents, directors, officers and employees of such Persons and the respective successors and assigns of any of the foregoing (the SutroVax Indemnitees from and against any and all liabilities, damages, penalties, fines, costs and expenses (including, reasonable attorneys fees and other expenses of litigation) (collectively, Liabilities resulting from suits, claims, actions and demands, in each case brought by a Third Party (each, a Third-Party Claim against any SutroVax Indemnitee and arising from or occurring as a result of: [ ]. Sutro s obligation to Indemnify the SutroVax Indemnitees pursuant to this Section 9.1.1 shall not apply to the extent that any such Liabilities are the result of a material breach by SutroVax of its obligations, representations, warranties or covenants under this Supply Agreement or the License Agreement or any SutroVax Indemnitee s negligence or willful misconduct. 
 9.1.2 Indemnification by SutroVax . SutroVax hereby agrees to Indemnify Sutro and its agents, directors, officers and employees and the respective successors and assigns of any of the foregoing (the Sutro lndemnitees from and against any and all Liabilities resulting from Third-Party Claims against any Sutro Indemnitee arising from or occurring as a result of: [ ]. SutroVax s obligation to Indemnify the Sutro Indemnitees pursuant to this Section 9.1.2 shall not apply to the extent that any such Liabilities are the result of a material breach by Sutro of its obligations, representations, warranties or covenants under this Supply Agreement or the License Agreement or any Sutro Indemnitee s negligence or willful misconduct. 
 
 9.1.3 Procedure . To be eligible to be Indemnified hereunder, the indemnified Person shall provide the indemnifying Party with prompt written notice of the Third-Party Claim giving rise to the indemnification obligation pursuant to this Section 9.1 and the right to control the defense (with the reasonable cooperation of the indemnified Person) or settlement any such claim; provided, however, that the indemnifying Party shall not enter into any settlement that admits fault, wrongdoing or damages without the indemnified Person s written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The indemnified Person shall have the right to join, but not to control, at 
 
 its own expense and with counsel of its choice, the defense of any claim or suit that has been assumed by the indemnifying Party. 
 9.2 Insurance. Each Party shall procure and maintain insurance, including clinical trials and product liability insurance, adequate to cover its obligations hereunder and consistent with normal business practices of prudent companies similarly situated at all times during which any Product or Vaccine Compositions is being clinically tested in human subjects or commercially distributed or sold by such Party. It is understood that such insurance shall not be construed to create a limit of either Party s liability or indemnification obligations under this Article 9, or that the maintenance of such insurance shall not be construed to relieve either Party of its other obligations under this Supply Agreement. Each Party shall provide the other with written evidence of such insurance upon request. Each Party shall provide the other with written notice at least [ ] days prior to the cancellation, non renewal or material change in such insurance. 
 9.3 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. EXCEPT (I) WITH RESPECT TO ANY BREACH OF ARTICLE 8 (CONFIDENTIALITY), (II) FOR THIRD PARTY PENALTIES, COSTS AND EXPENSES AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 2.9 , OR (III) FOR [ ], TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, (A) NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, WHETHER LIABILITY IS ASSERTED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER THEORY OR FORM OF ACTION, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF; AND (B) EACH PARTY S TOTAL LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY UNDER THIS SUPPLY AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED [ ]. SUTRO S LIABITY TO SUTROVAX FOR THIRD PARTY PENALTIES, COSTS AND EXPENSES UNDER SECTION 2.9 SHALL NOT EXCEED [ ]. 
 ARTICLE 10 
 TERM AND TERMINATION 
 10.1 Term. The term of this Supply Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date first set forth above and shall remain in effect until the later of (a) July 31, 2021 or (b) the date that the Parties enter into the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement and Sutro is supplying to SutroVax each Product under the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement (the Term ), unless it is terminated earlier in accordance with Section 10.2 . 
 10.2 Termination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Supply Agreement, this Supply Agreement may be terminated: 
 10.2.1 in its entirety or with respect to one or more Products, on a Product-by-Product basis, by mutual written consent of Sutro and SutroVax; 
 
 10.2.2 in its entirety by a Party if the other Party materially breaches any of the material terms, conditions or agreements contained in this Supply Agreement to be kept, observed or performed by the other Party, by giving the Party who committed the breach [ ] days prior written notice, unless the notified Party shall have cured the breach within such [ ]-day period; and 
 10.2.3 in its entirety or with respect to one or more Products, on a Product-by-Product basis, by SutroVax upon [ ] days prior written notice to Sutro for any reason. 
 10.3 Effects of Termination. Upon the expiration of the Term or termination of this Supply Agreement, in its entirety or with respect to one or more Products, this Supply Agreement shall, except as otherwise provided in this Section 10.3 or Section 10.5 , be of no further force or effect; provided, however, that (a) in the event this Supply Agreement is terminated by SutroVax pursuant to Section 10.2.3 and there are outstanding Work Orders or other purchase orders accepted by Sutro that would not be fulfilled as a result of such termination, SutroVax shall reimburse Sutro for all supplies and materials purchased by Sutro and time incurred by Sutro personnel (to the extent incurred solely for manufacture of Product for SutroVax) for the manufacture, or preparation for the manufacture, of Products for any Work Orders placed by SutroVax and any other purchase orders accepted by Sutro prior to such expiration or termination, in each case to the extent Sutro cannot otherwise reasonably mitigate such the costs and expenses of such supplies, materials and time (e.g., by use of resulting supplies, materials and work-in-progress Product for other purposes); provided that to the extent SutroVax pays for any supplies or materials, upon 
 
 SutroVax s request Sutro shall promptly transfer and deliver such supplies and materials to SutroVax; and (b) if this Supply Agreement is terminated with respect to one or more Products, but not all Products, then this Supply Agreement shall continue in full force and effect with respect to the applicable Product(s) for which it is not terminated. 
 10.4 Nonexclusive Remedy. Exercise of any right of termination afforded to either Party under this Supply Agreement (i) shall not prejudice any other legal rights or remedies either Party have against the other in respect of any breach of the terms and conditions of this Supply Agreement, and (ii) shall be without any obligation or liability arising from such termination other than such obligations expressly arising from termination of this Supply Agreement. 
 10.5 Survival. Expiration of the Term or termination of this Supply Agreement (for any reason) shall not affect any accrued rights or liabilities of either Party. Article 4 (Product Testing), Article 5 (Inspection), Article 8 (Confidentiality), Article 9 (Indemnification and Insurance), Article 11 (Disputes), Article 12 (Miscellaneous), and Sections 2.2 (Transfer of Product), 2.14 (Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement), 2.15 (Qualification of Alternate Supplier), 2.17 (Manufacture of Custom Reagents), 3.3 (Recordkeeping), 3.4 (Taxes), 6.2 (Right of Reference; Drug Master Files), 6.3 (Recalls), 6.4 (Retention of Samples), 6.5 Regulatory Authority Inspections and Correspondence), 7.3 (Product Warranties), 7.4 (Disclaimer), 10.3 (Effects of Termination), 10.4 (Nonexclusive Remedy), and 10.5 (Survival) shall survive any expiration of the Term or termination of this Supply Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE 11 
 DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
 11.1 Principal Contacts. Each Party will appoint an individual employed by it to serve as its Principal Contact for purposes of this Supply Agreement. Either Party may from time to time replace its Principal Contact with a different employee, but unless required due to events beyond its control, neither Party will replace its Principal Contact without at least [ ] days prior notice to the other Party. The two Principal Contacts shall communicate with each other regularly during the Term as the Parties may agree or as the Principal Contacts shall mutually determine to be useful. 
 11.2 Escalation. The Parties intend that, to the maximum extent practicable, they shall reach decisions hereunder cooperatively through discussions among the Principal Contacts and by mutual consent of the Parties. In situations in which that does not occur, disputes or differences arising out of or in connection with this Supply Agreement shall initially be referred for review by the Parties respective Senior Managements (as defined below). Such Senior Managements shall discuss the proposed dispute or difference, and shall meet with respect thereto if either of them believes a meeting or meetings are likely to be useful. If the Senior Managements do not resolve the dispute or difference within [ ] days (or such lesser or longer period as they may agree is a useful period for their discussions), then either Party may pursue its other available remedies, consistent with this Supply Agreement. As used herein, Sutro s Senior Management means its then-current CEO, and SutroVax s Senior Management means its then-current CEO. For clarity, there shall be no obligation for any Disputed Matter arising out of Section 2.14 or 2.15 to be referred to the Senior Management to review prior to such matters being resolved by arbitration pursuant to Sections 11.3 and 11.4. 
 11.3 Arbitration. If the Senior Managements are not able to resolve such dispute referred to them under Section 11.2 within such [ ] day period, then such dispute shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration as follows: The Parties shall select a mutually agreeable arbitrator who has significant relevant experience in the subject matter of the disputed issue and no affiliation or pre-existing relationship with either Party. If the Parties cannot agree on an arbitrator within [ ] days after the end of the [ ] day period referred in Section 11.2 (or with respect to a Disputed Matter described in Section 11.4, after referral by a Party of such Disputed Matter to arbitration), either Party may request the Judicial and Mediation Services JAMS in San Francisco, CA to appoint an arbitrator on behalf of the Parties in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of JAMS, and the proceeding shall be conducted in accordance with JAMS rules. The arbitrator may decide any issue as to whether, or as to the extent to which, any dispute is subject to the arbitration and other dispute resolution provisions in this Supply Agreement. The arbitrator must base the award on the provisions of this Supply Agreement and must render the award in a writing which must include an explanation of the reasons for such award. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator s fees and expenses shall be shared equally by the Parties, unless the arbitrator in the award assesses such fees and expenses against one of the Parties or allocates such fees and expenses other than equally between the Parties. Each Party 
 
 shall bear and pay its own expenses incurred in connection with any dispute resolution under this Section 11.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party shall have the right, without waiving any right or remedy available to such Party under this Supply Agreement or otherwise, to seek and obtain from any court of competent jurisdiction any interim or provisional relief that is necessary or desirable to protect the rights or property of such Party, pending the selection of the arbitrator hereunder or pending the arbitrator s decision of the dispute subject to arbitration. 

11.4 Baseball Arbitration. In the event (a) the Parties do not enter into a Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement as described in Section 2.14 or (b) the Parties do not enter into a Transfer Addendum as described in Section 2.15 Disputed Matter ), then upon either Party s request with respect to the Disputed Matter in clause (a) or SutroVax s request with respect to the Disputed Matter in clause (b), such Disputed Matter shall be resolved by binding arbitration conducted pursuant to Section 11.3, except that the procedures for the conduct of such arbitration shall be as follows: 
 11.4.1 Each Party shall provide the arbitrator and the other Party with a written report setting forth its position with respect to the substance of such Disputed Matter and a full draft Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement or Transfer Addendum, as applicable, and may submit a revised report, position and draft Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement or Transfer Addendum, as applicable, to the arbitrator within [ ] days of receiving the other Party s report and draft Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement or Transfer Addendum, as applicable. If so requested by the arbitrator, each Party shall make oral and/or other written submissions to the arbitrator in accordance with procedures to be established by the arbitrator; provided that other Party shall have the right to be present during any oral submissions. The arbitrator shall select one of the Party s draft Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement or Transfer Addendum, as applicable, as his or her decision, based on what is most reasonable and equitable to each of the Parties under the circumstances and reflective of reasonable and customary terms in the biopharmaceutical industry for agreements of this type and most closely reflects the Parties intent as expressed in this Supply Agreement and the License Agreement, and shall not have the authority to render any substantive decision other than to so select the draft Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement or Transfer Addendum, as applicable, of Sutro or SutroVax (as initially submitted, or as revised in accordance with the foregoing, as applicable). For clarity, it is understood that the Parties intend the arbitration under this Section 11.4 to be a baseball arbitration type proceeding; and the arbitrator may fashion such detailed procedures as the arbitrator considers appropriate to implement this intent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in no event shall the Phase 3/Commercial Supply Agreement or Transfer Addendum contain any provision granting to SutroVax or its Affiliates or Sublicensees any right to obtain or use any Sutro Core Know-How. 
 11.4.2 In any arbitration under this Section 11.4, the arbitrator and the Parties shall use their best efforts to resolve such Disputed Matter within [ ] days after the selection of the arbitrator, or as soon thereafter as is practicable. 
 ARTICLE 12 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 12.1 Expenses. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, each Party shall bear its own costs, fees and expenses incurred by such Party in connection with this Supply Agreement. 
 12.2 Licenses and Permits. Each Party shall, at its sole cost and expense, maintain in full force and affect all necessary licenses, permits, and other authorizations required by Applicable Law in order to carry out its duties and obligations hereunder. 
 
 12.3 Force Majeure. No Party shall be liable for a failure or delay in performing any of its obligations under this Supply Agreement if, but only to the extent that such failure or delay is due to causes beyond the reasonable control of the affected Party, including: (a) acts of God; (b) fire, explosion, or unusually severe weather; (c) war, invasion, riot, terrorism, or other civil unrest; (d) governmental laws, orders, restrictions, actions, embargo or blockages; (e) national or regional emergency; (f) strikes or industrial disputes at a national level which directly impact the affected Party s performance under this Supply Agreement; or (g) other similar cause outside of the reasonable control of such Party Force Majeure ); provided that the Party affected shall promptly notify the other of the Force Majeure condition and shall use reasonable efforts to eliminate, cure or overcome any such causes and 
 
 resume performance of its obligations as soon as possible. If the performance of any obligation of a Party under this Supply Agreement is delayed owing to such a Force Majeure for any continuous period of more than [ ] days, the other Party shall have the right to terminate this Supply Agreement. 
 12.4 Neither Party may assign or transfer this Supply Agreement, including by merger, operation of law, or otherwise, without the other Party s prior written consent (which shall not be withheld unreasonably) except each Party may assign this Supply Agreement without the other Party s consent in the case of assignment or transfer to a Third Party that succeeds to all or substantially all of the assigning Party s business and assets relating to the subject matter of this Supply Agreement, whether by sale, merger, operation of law or otherwise. Any attempted assignment by a Party in violation of this Section without the written consent of the other Party will be null and void. Except as above limited, this Supply Agreement is binding upon and will inure to the benefit of each of the Parties, its successors and assigns. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event that a Party is acquired, the acquiring Party shall agree in writing to abide by the terms of this Supply Agreement. Sutro agrees that if it assigns the License Agreement to any successor as allowed under section 15.1 of the License Agreement, it will also assign to such successor this Supply Agreement in accordance with this Section 12.4. 
 12.5 This Supply Agreement incorporates the Exhibits referenced herein. This Supply Agreement, together with the License Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the Parties hereto with respect to its subject matter. To the extent of any conflict between this Agreement and the License Agreement, the License Agreement shall govern and control. 
 12.6 All notices, requests or other communication provided for or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing and shall be hand delivered or sent by confirmed facsimile, reputable courier or by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the address set forth below, or to such other address of which either Party may inform the other in writing. Notices will be deemed delivered on the earliest of transmission by facsimile, actual receipt or [ ] days after mailing as described herein. 
 If to Sutro: Sutro Biopharma, Inc. 
 310 Utah Ave., Suite 150 
 South San Francisco, CA 94080 
 Attention: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 If to SutroVax: SutroVax, Inc. 
 353 Hatch Dr. 
 Foster City, CA 94404 
 Attention: Chief Executive Officer 
 12.7 This Supply Agreement may be amended, modified or waived only in a writing signed by the Party or Parties to be bound thereby. 
 12.8 If any provision of this Supply Agreement shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law and the Parties fundamental intentions hereunder, and the remaining provisions shall not be affected or impaired. 
 12.9 Nothing herein contained shall constitute this a joint venture agreement and nothing herein shall constitute any Party as a partner, principal or agent of any other, this being an agreement between independent contracting entities. Except as expressly set forth herein, no Party shall have the authority to bind any other in any respect whatsoever to Third Parties. Except as provided herein, nothing contained in this Supply Agreement shall be construed as conferring any right on any Party to use any name, trade name, trademark or other designation of any other Party hereto, unless the express, written permission of such other Party has been obtained. 
 12.10 This Supply Agreement has been submitted to the scrutiny of, and has been negotiated by, both Parties and their counsel, and shall be given a fair and reasonable interpretation in accordance with its terms, without consideration or weight being given to any such term s having been drafted by any Party or its counsel. 
 12.11 This Supply Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, without regard to any conflict of laws rules to the contrary. 
 12.12 Each Party acknowledges that the other Party may likely suffer irreparable harm from such Party s breach or threatened breach of this Agreement and the other Party, in such cases, would therefore be entitled, 
 
 without waiving any other right or remedy available to, to injunctive relief (including specific performance) without the requirement to post a bond, provided the waiver by such Party of the other Party s requirement to post a bond shall expire on the Change of Control of the other Party, and each party agrees that the arbitrator selected under Section 11.3 shall have the power to grant such injunctive relief (or order specific performance). The Parties shall comply with any such injunctive relief (including specific performance) ordered by the arbitrator and agree that such order may, to the extent not precluded by applicable law, be enforceable as a final award in any court of competent jurisdiction. 
 12.13 This Supply Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile and other electronically scanned signatures shall have the same effect as their originals. 
 [ The remainder of this page is left intentionally blank ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have caused this Supply Agreement to be executed by their respective duly authorized officers as of the Effective Date, each copy of which will for all purposes be deemed to be an original. 

SUTRO BIOPHARMA, INC. 

SUTROVAX, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ William J. Newell 

By: 
 
 /s/ Grant E. Pickering 

Name: 
 
 William J. Newell 

Name: 
 
 Grant E. Pickering 

Title: 
 
 CEO 

Title: 
 
 President CEO 

SCHEDULE 1 
 PRODUCTS AND PRICE 
 [ ] 

SCHEDULE2 
 SPECIFICATIONS 
 {6 pages omitted} 
 [ ] 

SCHEDULE3 
 INITIAL ORDER 
 [ ] 

SCHEDULE 2.15.1 
 REPRESENTATIVE CMOS 
 [ ] 

Amendment No. 1 to Supply Agreement 
 Between 
 Sutro Biopharma, Inc. and Vaxcyte, Inc. 
 
 	 This Amendment No. 1 Amendment to the Supply Agreement is entered into this 22 nd day of February, 2021 Effective Date between Sutro Biopharma, Inc. Sutro and Vaxcyte, Inc., formerly SutroVax, Inc. VAX ), (each herein referred to individually as a Party, or collectively as Parties). 

WHEREAS Sutro and VAX have entered into a Supply Agreement effective as of May 29, 2018 the Agreement ), 
 
 	 AND WHEREAS the parties wish to amend the Agreement. 
 
 	 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises hereof and the mutual covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. 	 The Parties agree to amend the Agreement such the language in section 10.1(a) (Term) is deleted and replaced with July 31, 2022 or . 
 
 2. Conflicts, Use of Terms. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Agreement and the terms and conditions of this Amendment, the terms and conditions of this Amendment shall control. 

3. No Other Modifications. Except as provided above, the terms and conditions of the Agreement remain unchanged. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the Effective Date. The Parties agree that this Amendment may be signed in counterparts. 

ACCEPTED AND ACKNOWLEDGED 
 
 Vaxcyte, Inc. 		 				 Sutro Biopharma, Inc. 

By: /s/ Jane Wright-Mitchell Name: Jane Wright-Mitchell Title: General Counsel 
 By: /s/ David Pauling Name: David Pauling Title: General Counsel 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 6
 pcvx-ex10_20.htm
 EX-10.20

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.20 
 
 Exhibit 10.20 
 
 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY [ ], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) IS THE TYPE THAT THE REGISTRANT TREATS AS PRIVATE OR CONFIDENTIAL. 
 December 19, 2022 
 
 Sutro Biopharma, Inc. 111 Oyster Point Boulevard South San Francisco, California 94080 Attention: William J. Newell, CEO, Sutro Biopharma, Inc. [ ] 
 Re: Option on Extract Rights 
 Dear Mr. Newell: 
 The purpose of this letter agreement (this Agreement ), dated as of December 19, 2022 (the Effective Date ), is to set forth certain terms and conditions between Vaxcyte, Inc. Vaxcyte and Sutro Biopharma, Inc. Sutro (each of Vaxcyte and Sutro, a Party and collectively, the Parties with respect to (i) the Option (as defined below), and (ii) the grant from Sutro to Vaxcyte of certain rights and authorizations related to [ ]. 
 Reference is made to the Amended and Restated SutroVax Agreement, dated October 12, 2015, by and between Vaxcyte and Sutro, as amended (the License Agreement ), the Supply Agreement, dated May 29, 2018, by and between Vaxcyte and Sutro, as amended (the Supply Agreement ), and the Key Process Transfer Terms regarding [ ], by and between Vaxcyte and Sutro (the [ ] Term Sheet , and collectively with the other agreements, the Existing Agreements ). Any capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not defined herein have the meaning set forth in the applicable Existing Agreement. Section 1.25 (Interpretation) of the Supply Agreement hereby is incorporated into (and shall apply to) this Agreement, mutatis mutandis . 
 For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Sutro and Vaxcyte hereby agree to the following terms: 
 1. Option . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Sutro hereby grants Vaxcyte an irrevocable (during the Option Period) option to obtain the Manufacturing Rights, as defined in the term sheet attached hereto as Exhibit 1 (the Term Sheet and such option, the Option ), on the terms and conditions as set forth in the Term Sheet and, when finalized, the Definitive Agreement. Vaxcyte may exercise the Option at any time following the Effective Date until and including the date that is five (5) years from the Effective Date of this Agreement (the Option Period , as such period may be modified pursuant to Section 4(c) ). 

2. Negotiation of Definitive Agreement . Promptly following the Effective Date, the Parties shall negotiate, in good faith and using reasonably diligent efforts, the terms and conditions of the form of definitive agreement to be entered into by the Parties in the event that Vaxcyte exercises the Option (such form, the Form Definitive Agreement , and the executed version of such form, the Definitive Agreement ). Vaxcyte shall be responsible for preparing the initial draft of the Form Definitive Agreement. The Parties shall use good faith and reasonably diligent efforts to agree upon the Form Definitive Agreement within [ ] following the Effective Date of this 

Agreement (the Agreement Deadline ); provided , that if the Parties are using good faith and reasonably diligent efforts to agree upon the Form Definitive Agreement, the Parties may (but shall not be obligated to) mutually agree in writing to extend the Agreement Deadline for an additional period agreed upon by the Parties. In the event that the Parties have not mutually agreed upon the Form Definitive Agreement by the Agreement Deadline, the procedures set forth in Section 8 shall apply. For the avoidance of doubt, the Definitive Agreement shall include the terms and conditions set forth in the Term Sheet and such terms that are necessary to give effect to each of the terms and conditions set forth in the Term Sheet. The Definitive Agreement shall also include such additional terms and conditions as the Parties, each acting reasonably, agree are customary for an arrangement of the type described in (and that are consistent in all respects with) the Term Sheet. Within [ ] after the Parties mutually agree in writing upon the Form Definitive Agreement (or, if the Parties do not so mutually agree, within [ ] of an arbitration determination pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 8 ), the Parties shall each execute the Form Definitive Agreement (and deliver such executed copy to the other Party), and the resulting Definitive Agreement shall be held in escrow by the Parties respective legal counsel pending Vaxcyte s exercise of the Option pursuant to Section 4(a) ; provided , that the foregoing escrow procedure shall not apply if the Parties execute the Form Definitive Agreement after Vaxcyte exercises the Option pursuant to Section 4(a) ; provided , further , that for the avoidance of doubt, if the foregoing escrow procedure applies, the Definitive Agreement shall not be deemed effective until released from escrow under the terms and conditions of this Agreement, but shall automatically be deemed effective, without any further action by the Parties, once released from escrow. 

3. Upfront Consideration . As consideration for the Option and the other rights and authorizations granted to Vaxcyte under this Agreement (including as set forth in Section 7 ), Vaxcyte shall pay Sutro an irrevocable, non-refundable, non-creditable payment of twenty two and a half million dollars 22,500,000) (the Option Purchase Price ), payable as follows: (i) within five (5) business days of execution of this Agreement, ten million dollars 10,000,000) in cash, (ii) within seven (7) business days of execution of this Agreement, seven and a half million dollars 7,500,000) (a) worth of shares of Vaxcyte common stock (the number of shares to be calculated based on the arithmetic average of the daily volume weighted average price of Vaxcyte common stock as traded on Nasdaq (as reported by Bloomberg L.P., or if not reported therein, in another authoritative source mutually selected by the Parties) (the VWAP in the three (3) consecutive trading days immediately prior to the issuance thereof) (the Vaxcyte Common Stock ), [ ] or Vaxcyte can otherwise provide such shares that are freely tradeable upon issuance, or (b) [ ] and cannot otherwise provide such shares that are freely tradeable upon issuance, in cash, and (iii) within five (5) business days after the Parties mutually agree in writing upon the Form Definitive Agreement (or, if the Parties do not so mutually agree, within [ ] of an arbitration determination pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 8 ), five million dollars 5,000,000) in cash. On or prior to the date of issuance of the Vaxcyte Common Stock (if any), Vaxcyte shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to register the issuance or resale of the Vaxcyte Common Stock pursuant to its existing Form S-3 registration statement or a new registration statement. [ ]. 

4. Option Exercise; Execution of the Definitive Agreement; Exercise Price; Vaxcyte Acquisition . 

(a) Subject to the terms of Section 7(b) in respect of the consequences of a Termination Event (if and to the extent applicable), Vaxcyte may exercise the Option at any point during the Option Period by delivering a written notice (the Option Notice to Sutro notifying Sutro that Vaxcyte has elected to exercise the Option. The Option Notice shall be in writing and shall be sent to Sutro at the address and/or contact information for Sutro indicated at the top of this Agreement. The Option Notice shall be deemed to have been delivered to Sutro: (i) when delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt); (ii) when received by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); (iii) on the date sent by email as a PDF document; or (iv) on the third day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Vaxcyte is under no obligation to exercise the Option, and the decision as to whether or not to exercise the Option shall be at Vaxcyte s sole and absolute discretion. 

2 

(b) Following receipt by Sutro of the Option Notice: (i) if the Definitive Agreement is held in escrow by the Parties respective legal counsel, it shall be deemed automatically released from escrow and effective immediately upon payment of the Exercise Price by Vaxcyte to Sutro, without any further action by the Parties; (ii) if the Form Definitive Agreement has been agreed in writing by the Parties (including pursuant to an arbitration determination pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 8 prior to the Option Notice but not yet executed, the Parties shall execute the Definitive Agreement as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event, within [ ] of the date of the Option Notice; and (iii) if the Form Definitive Agreement has not yet been agreed in writing by the Parties (or the Form Definitive Agreement has not been determined pursuant to an arbitration determination pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 8 as of the date on which the Option Notice is delivered to Sutro, the Parties shall meet (in person, telephonically or by means of videoconference) within [ ] of the date of the Option Notice to agree upon a process and timeline to finalize the terms of the Definitive Agreement as soon as practicable and the Parties shall execute the Definitive Agreement as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event within [ ], after the terms of the Definitive Agreement has been agreed in writing by the Parties (or, if the Parties do not so mutually agree, within [ ] of an arbitration determination pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 8 ). For clarity, without limiting the generality of Section 2 , if the Form Definitive Agreement has not yet been agreed to in writing (including as of the date on which the Option Notice is delivered to Sutro), each Party shall at any point after the Agreement Deadline have the right to refer the finalization of the Definitive Agreement to arbitration pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 8 . Vaxcyte shall pay Sutro: (A) an irrevocable, non-refundable, non-creditable payment of [ ] in cash, [ ], either (x) if the foregoing clause (i) of this Section 4(b) applies, within [ ] of the date of the Option Notice, or (y) if the foregoing clauses (ii) or (iii) of this Section 4(b) apply, upon [ ] (the Initial Exercise Price ); and (B) an irrevocable, non-refundable, non-creditable payment of [ ] in cash within [ ] of the date of the Option Notice (the Delayed Exercise Price , and collectively with the Initial Exercise Price, the Exercise Price ); provided , that in the event that a Change of Control ([ ], hereinafter referred to as a Change of Control occurs [ ]. 

(c) In the event that Vaxcyte undergoes a Change of Control at any point during the Option Period, [ ]. 

5. Milestone Payments . Once the Definitive Agreement becomes effective (including, for clarity, by release from escrow), Vaxcyte shall pay Sutro the following amounts upon the occurrence of each of the following milestone events or acceleration events (the Milestone Payments ): 

(a) A payment of [ ] in cash upon [ ]; provided , that: 

(i) If the milestone event set forth in this Section 5(a) is achieved prior to the exercise of the Option by Vaxcyte, and Vaxcyte exercises the Option thereafter, the Milestone Payment set forth in this Section 5(a) shall be deemed due and payable by Vaxcyte to Sutro [ ]; 

(ii) If the milestone event set forth in this Section 5(a) has not been achieved prior to the exercise of the Option by Vaxcyte, [ ]; 

(iii) If Vaxcyte undergoes a Change of Control [ ]; and 

(iv) If Vaxcyte undergoes a Change of Control [ ]. 

For the avoidance of doubt, Vaxcyte shall have no payment obligations to Sutro resulting from the milestone event set forth in this Section 5(a) unless and until Vaxcyte exercises the Option; and 
 (b) A payment of [ ] in cash upon [ ]. If the milestone event set forth in this Section 5(b) is achieved prior to the exercise of the Option by Vaxcyte, and Vaxcyte exercises the Option thereafter, the Milestone Payment set forth in this Section 5(b) shall be deemed due and payable by Vaxcyte to Sutro [ ]; provided , that for the 

3 

avoidance of doubt, Vaxcyte shall have no payment obligations to Sutro resulting from the milestone event set forth in this Section 5(b) unless and until Vaxcyte exercises the Option. 

For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall any Milestone Payments (or any other amounts due hereunder) be accelerated, except as expressly set forth herein. For clarity, the Milestone Payments set forth in Section 5(a) and Section 5(b) shall be payable one-time only (and only if such events have occurred), regardless of the number of times such events may occur. Following the occurrence of each milestone event, Vaxcyte shall notify Sutro in writing within [ ], and Vaxcyte shall pay the applicable Milestone Payment to Sutro within [ ] after receipt of an invoice from Sutro with respect to such milestone event and Milestone Payment (for clarity, the foregoing shall not apply to any accelerated Milestone Payments in Sections 5(a)(i)-(iv) , which shall be due and payable as set forth therein). 
 6. Taxes . 

(a) Any consideration payable pursuant to this Agreement is exclusive of VAT. If any VAT is chargeable on any of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement and is payable to the respective tax authority by the Party making the supply or providing the service for VAT purposes, upon receipt of a valid invoice in accordance with the applicable VAT law from the supplying or service providing Party, the other Party shall pay such VAT in addition to the consideration otherwise due pursuant to this Agreement. 

(b) Vaxcyte shall be entitled to deduct and withhold, or cause to be deducted and withheld, any amounts from any consideration payable pursuant to this Agreement as are required to be deducted and withheld under applicable law with respect to taxes and will secure and send to Sutro written evidence that such deducted and withheld amounts were paid over to the applicable taxing authority. Vaxcyte and Sutro shall reasonably cooperate, and shall cause their respective affiliates to reasonably cooperate, in order to reduce or eliminate any amounts that would be required to be deducted and withheld on payments made pursuant to this Agreement under applicable law. To the extent such amounts are so deducted or withheld and paid over to the applicable taxing authority, such amounts will be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the person to whom such amounts would otherwise have been paid. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, directly as a result of any assignment or transfer of this Agreement by Vaxcyte as a direct result of a (i) Change of Control of Vaxcyte, or (ii) redomicile, change in tax residence or similar corporate restructuring by Vaxcyte, the tax withholdings hereunder exceed the tax withholdings that would have resulted in the absence of such action, then Vaxcyte shall pay to Sutro such additional amounts as are necessary so that Sutro receives the amounts that it would have received if there had been no such action. 

7. [ ] . 

(a) Concurrent with the execution of this Agreement, each of Vaxcyte and Sutro shall execute the letter agreement by and between Vaxcyte and Sutro, attached hereto as Exhibit 2 (the [ ] Letter Agreement ), which [ ] Letter Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date. [ ]. 

(b) In the event that Vaxcyte or any of its affiliates, without the written consent of Sutro and prior to the exercise of the Option hereunder, intentionally or with gross negligence breaches in any material respect any of the following clauses (i) through (v): [ ] (collectively, the Termination Events ); then Sutro may terminate the Option upon [ ] prior written notice to Vaxcyte (the Termination Notice Period ). [ ], Vaxcyte shall have the right to exercise the Option during the Termination Notice Period, and if Vaxcyte exercises the Option during the Termination Notice Period, (A) Vaxcyte shall pay in cash to Sutro an irrevocable, non-refundable, non-creditable (except as expressly set forth herein) amount equal to the sum of [ ], i.e., a payment of [ ] in cash, within [ ] of a receipt of invoice from Sutro therefor (provided that, for clarity, the foregoing shall be deemed [ ], (B) (subject to (C) and (E) below) any violation of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) shall be deemed fully cured (other than to the extent such violation involves [ ] (other than to the extent permitted under any 

4 

subsequent agreement between Vaxcyte and Sutro or their respective affiliates or of any rights Vaxcyte would have under the Definitive Agreement), [ ], (C) [ ], (D) the termination of the Option by Sutro shall not be effective, and (E) Vaxcyte shall have no liability (including damages and losses) to Sutro (and Sutro shall have no remedies) in respect of such violation to the extent such violation was cured pursuant to (B); [ ]. 

(c) In the event that the Existing Agreements Tech Transfer (as defined in Section 4 of the [ ] Letter Agreement) has not been Successfully Completed (as defined in the Term Sheet) within [ ] of the Effective Date, and Vaxcyte exercises the Option following such failure but in no event later than [ ] following the Effective Date, Sutro shall immediately commence and use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to conduct a Tech Transfer (as defined in the Term Sheet) to Vaxcyte (or an affiliate or Approved CMO designated by Vaxcyte), and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 7(c) , shall [ ]. 

8. Arbitration of Definitive Agreement Disputes . If the Form Definitive Agreement is not agreed to in writing by the Agreement Deadline in accordance with Section 2 , then the Parties agree that any disagreement relating to the content or form of the Form Definitive Agreement (each, a Definitive Agreement Dispute and any question of the arbitrator s jurisdiction over any Definitive Agreement Dispute or the existence, scope or validity of this arbitration provision or the arbitrability of any Definitive Agreement Dispute, shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association AAA in accordance with its Commercial Arbitration Rules in effect at the time (the Rules ), except as modified herein. 

(a) The seat of the arbitration shall be [ ]. 

(b) When a Definitive Agreement Dispute arises, any Party shall initiate arbitration by delivering a written notice of such Definitive Agreement Dispute (a Dispute Notice to the other Party and AAA. The Dispute Notice shall state that a Definitive Agreement Dispute has arisen with respect to the negotiation of the Form Definitive Agreement and shall include a copy of this Agreement. The Dispute Notice shall not include any substantive submissions regarding the Form Definitive Agreement, which shall be reserved for the Parties submissions pursuant to Section 8(d) . 

(c) There shall be one arbitrator who shall be agreed upon by the Parties within [ ] days of receipt by the respondent of the Dispute Notice. If the Parties do not agree upon an arbitrator within this time limit, such arbitrator shall be appointed by AAA in accordance with the Rules. Any arbitrator not selected by the agreement of the Parties must be a senior transactional attorney with at least fifteen (15) years of experience, including at least five (5) years of experience with pharmaceutical license, supply and manufacturing agreements. 

(d) On the day that is [ ] following the confirmation of the appointment of the arbitrator by AAA, the Parties will submit a copy of this Agreement (including the Term Sheet) to the arbitrator, and each Party shall submit to both the arbitrator and the other Party its proposed language for the Form Definitive Agreement (the Proposed Terms ). On the day that is [ ] following the submission of the Proposed Terms, each Party shall submit to both the arbitrator and the other Party its memorandum in support of its Proposed Terms Supporting Memorandum ). On the day that is [ ] following the submission the Supporting Memorandums, each Party shall submit to both the arbitrator and the other Party its memorandum in response to the other Party s Supporting Memorandum. 

(e) In any arbitration hereunder, any question of the arbitrator s jurisdiction over any Definitive Agreement Dispute or the existence, scope or validity of this arbitration provision or the arbitrability of any Definitive Agreement Dispute (each an Arbitrability Dispute shall be decided by the arbitrator appointed in such arbitration. The arbitrator shall, in his or her own discretion, decide the procedures for the resolution of any Arbitrability Dispute, including the time 

5 

to decide such Arbitrability Dispute. Should an Arbitrability Dispute arise, the arbitrator shall have the power to extend any time-periods in this Section 8 including, without limitation, the time-period for rendering an Award relating to a Definitive Agreement Dispute. 

(f) There shall be no discovery of any kind in connection with the arbitration. Following the briefing in Section 8(d) , the arbitrator, in his or her sole discretion, may request that the Parties provide additional information or documents that the arbitrator believes may be material and relevant to the resolution of the Definitive Agreement Dispute. 

(g) The arbitration award (the Award will be based on the documents submitted (as set forth in Section 8(d) and Section 8(f) and there shall be no oral hearing unless the arbitrator determines in his or her sole discretion that one is necessary. Any hearing, if ordered, shall not [ ]. 

(h) Subject to Section 8(e) , within [ ] from the date on which AAA confirms the appointment of the arbitrator, the arbitrator shall deliver his or her Award to the Parties in writing. 

(i) In rendering the Award, other than in respect of an Arbitrability Dispute, the arbitrator shall be limited to choosing, without modification, either the claimant s Proposed Terms (in its entirety) or the respondent s Proposed Terms (in its entirety), whichever proposal the arbitrator determines most accurately comports with the terms in the Term Sheet and this Agreement. If the arbitrator determines that each Party s Proposed Terms equally comport with the terms in the Term Sheet and this Agreement, the arbitrator shall choose, without modification, that side s Proposed Terms that most closely aligns with customary industry practice. [ ]. The arbitrator shall not award any relief or damages of any kind except as set forth in this Section 8(i) . 

(j) Any time limit in this Section 8 may be extended by the mutual agreement of the Parties or by the arbitrator in the arbitrator s sole discretion. 

(k) The Award of the arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the Parties thereto and shall be the sole and exclusive remedy between the Parties regarding any Definitive Agreement Dispute presented to the arbitrator. Judgment upon any Award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. 

(l) Any arbitration hereunder shall be confidential and, except as may be required by law, the Parties agree not to disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration hereunder without the prior written consent of both Parties. 

9. Binding Effect . This Agreement is intended to be a binding and enforceable commitment and agreement of the Parties on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, and can only be terminated as set forth in Section 11 . The Parties agree that irreparable damage may occur if any provision of this Agreement or the [ ] Letter Agreement were not performed in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof and that, in addition to any other remedy to which the Parties are entitled at law or in equity, the Parties shall be entitled to seek equitable relief, including injunctive relief or specific performance of the terms hereof or thereof, in each case as permitted under applicable law. Notwithstanding the generality of the foregoing, in the event that Vaxcyte exercises the Option in compliance with this Agreement (including payment terms), each Party shall be bound and obligated to enter into the Definitive Agreement or release the Definitive Agreement from escrow (as applicable) in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in each case as permitted under applicable law, and each Party acknowledges and agrees that in such event, the other Party shall be entitled to specific enforcement of the other Party s obligation to enter into the Definitive Agreement without the necessity of proving the inadequacy of money damages as a remedy and without any requirement to post a bond or other security. 

6 

10. Publications . In the event that either Party (the Announcing Party proposes to make any public announcement or press release regarding this Agreement, the Definitive Agreement, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, such Announcing Party shall first provide the other Party with an advance copy of each proposed publication or press release at least [ ] prior to its proposed date of publication. The Announcing Party shall reasonably consider in good faith any modifications to the publication or press release requested by the other Party. Subject to the foregoing, each Party shall not issue any press release or other public statement, whether oral or written, disclosing the existence of this Agreement, the terms hereof or any other information relating to this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided , that neither Party shall be required to obtain the consent of the Party prior to issuing any press release or other public statement to the extent such press release or other public statement contains information that has already been publicly disclosed by either Party in compliance with this Section 10 . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 10 , neither Party shall be required to obtain the consent of the other Party to make any disclosures required of it to comply with any duty of disclosure it may have pursuant to applicable law, governmental regulation or the rules of any recognized stock exchange; provided , that the Party to make such required disclosure (i) shall reasonably cooperate with the other Party with respect to the timing, form and content of such required disclosure (including any reasonably requested redactions thereto), and (ii) if requested by such other Party, shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to obtain an order protecting to the maximum extent reasonably possible the confidentiality of the provisions of this Agreement. 

11. Termination . This Agreement may not be terminated by either Party, except: (i) upon mutual written agreement by both Parties; (ii) upon written notice by Vaxcyte to Sutro that Vaxcyte has elected not to exercise the Option; (iii) upon expiration of the Option Period (unless Vaxcyte exercises the Option before the expiration of the Option Period); (iv) upon execution of the Definitive Agreement by both Parties or release of the Definitive Agreement from escrow (as applicable) following exercise of the Option by Vaxcyte; or (v) [ ]. In the event of termination of this Agreement, each of the Parties shall be released from all obligations under this Agreement, except for any obligations accrued prior to the effective date of the termination (or that survive pursuant to the last sentence of this Section 11 ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following provisions shall survive the termination of this Agreement: [ ]. 

12. Representations Warranties . Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party, as of the Effective Date of this Agreement, that: (i) it is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation; (ii) it has full corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement, and has taken all corporate action required by law and its organizational documents to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (iii) this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement enforceable against it in accordance with its terms; (iv) all consents, approvals and authorizations from all governmental authorities or other third parties required to be obtained by it in connection with this Agreement have been or will be obtained; and (v) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, do not and shall not (x) conflict with or result in a breach of any provision of its organizational documents, (y) result in a breach of any other agreement to which it is a party, or (z) violate any appliable law. 

13. Miscellaneous . The Parties acknowledge that this Agreement contains certain terms and conditions that may be in conflict with the terms and conditions of the Existing Agreements. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of the Existing Agreements, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall prevail. Except to the extent expressly modified in this Agreement, the [ ] Letter Agreement or another written agreement between the Parties, the terms and conditions of the Existing Agreements shall continue unmodified and in full force and effect; provided , that the Parties acknowledge and agree that once the Parties mutually agree in writing upon the Form Definitive Agreement (or, if the Parties do not so mutually agree, upon an arbitration determination pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 8 ), the provisions in such Form Definitive Agreement governing the matters set forth in the [ ] section of the Term Sheet shall become effective. Each of the Parties shall be responsible for its own costs and expenses incurred in connection 

7 

with entering into this Agreement, preparing the form of the Definitive Agreement, exercising the Option, and entering into the Definitive Agreement (if applicable). Article 10 of the License Agreement (Confidentiality) shall apply to this Agreement, mutatis mutandis (and, for clarity, the terms of the [ ] Letter Agreement shall be considered each Party s Discloser s Information (as defined in the License Agreement); provided , that unless and until Vaxcyte exercises the Option, Vaxcyte will not be allowed to disclose [ ], except in accordance with Section 10.2 of the License Agreement). Neither Party may assign or transfer this Agreement, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other Party (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided , that each Party, without the other Party s consent, may assign or transfer this Agreement, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, to (i) one or more of its affiliates, or (ii) the successor to all or substantially all of the business or assets of such Party to which this Agreement relates (whether by sale, merger, operation of law or otherwise). This Agreement shall not be amended or modified without the written consent of both Parties. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regards to its conflict of laws principles. The Parties agree to waive trial by jury. Except for Definitive Agreement Disputes and Arbitrability Disputes, which are governed by Section 8 , the Parties agree that any other disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration in accordance with the arbitration provisions set forth in Section 14 of the License Agreement, which hereby is incorporated into (and shall apply to) this Agreement, mutatis mutandis . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered an original, with the same effect as if the signatures were upon the same instrument, and shall become effective when one or more such counterparts have been signed by each Party and delivered (by facsimile, email or otherwise) to the other Party. 

[End of page intentionally left blank] 
 8 

Exhibit 10.20 
 
 The Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the Effective Date. 

VAXCYTE, INC. 
 
 SUTRO BIOPHARMA, INC. 

/s/ Grant E. Pickering 
 
 /s/ William J. Newell 

Name: 	Grant E. Pickering Title: 	Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Name: 	William J. Newell Title: 	Chief Executive Officer 

Exhibit 1 Term Sheet 
 [ ] 
 
 10 

Exhibit 2 [ ] Letter Agreement 
 [ ] 
 11 

</EX-10>

<EX-23>
 7
 pcvx-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1											 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-257622 and 333-268954 on Form S-3ASR and Nos. 333-254824, 333-239135 and 333-263093 on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 27, 2023 relating to the financial statements of Vaxcyte, Inc. and the effectiveness of Vaxcyte, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vaxcyte, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche San Francisco, California 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 8
 pcvx-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Grant E. Pickering, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vaxcyte, Inc.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Grant E. Pickering 

Grant E. Pickering 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 9
 pcvx-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Andrew Guggenhime, certify that: 
 1.	I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vaxcyte, Inc.; 
 2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b)	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5.	The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 27, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrew Guggenhime 

Andrew Guggenhime 

President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 10
 pcvx-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Grant E. Pickering, Chief Executive Officer of Vaxcyte, Inc. (the Company ), and Andrew Guggenhime, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his or her knowledge: 
 1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Annual Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 

2. The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: February 27, 2023 
 /s/ Grant E. Pickering	 	 /s/ Andrew Guggenhime	 
 Grant E. Pickering		 	Andrew Guggenhime 
 Chief Executive Officer		 	President and Chief Financial Officer 
 This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Vaxcyte, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 44
 pcvx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 45
 pcvx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 46
 pcvx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 47
 pcvx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 48
 pcvx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

