<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230324_10-K_edgar_data_1883983_0001493152-23-008898.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3965282</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>333221</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>723282</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1144878</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>804213</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>869687</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-008898.hdr.sgml : 20230324
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230324163537
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-008898
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230324
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230324

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VISION SENSING ACQUISITION CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001883983
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				872323481
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40983
		FILM NUMBER:		23760355

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		78 SW 7TH STREET SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		85298580029

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		78 SW 7TH STREET SUITE 500
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33130

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-008898.txt : 20230324

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

, ,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class: 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered: 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

As
of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant s shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant
was , based on a closing market price of 10.02 on the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

As
of March 20, 2023, there were shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share (the Class
A Shares ), which number includes 728,885 shares in unseparated units, and of the Company s Class B Common Stock,
 0.0001 par value per share issued and outstanding (the Class B Shares ). 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

Item
 1. 
 
 Business 
 5 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 26 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 
 Item
 2. 
 
 Properties 
 27 
 
 Item
 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 
 
 Item
 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 
 Item
 6. 
 
 Reserved. 
 28 
 
 Item
 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 
 
 Item
 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 33 
 
 Item
 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 33 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedure 
 33 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 33 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 33 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 34 
 
 Item
 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 40 
 
 Item
 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 40 
 
 Item
 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 42 
 
 Item
 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 44 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 45 
 
 Item
 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 45 

1 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Report (as defined below), including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements
can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, 
 expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, 
 predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable
terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but
are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other
statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations,
but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our
 financial performance. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or
more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material
respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

By
their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that
may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that
our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ
materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report. In addition, even if our
results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the
forward-looking statements contained in this annual report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments
in subsequent periods. 

2 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

amended
 and restated certificate of incorporation are to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Secretary
 of State of the State of Delaware on October 29, 2021; 

board
 of directors or board are to the board of directors of the Company; 

common
 stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively; 

Continental 
 are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account (as defined below) and warrant agent of our public
 warrants (as defined below); 

DGCL 
 are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; 

DWAC
 System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

Exchange
 Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

founder
 shares are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial
 public offering, and the shares of our Class A common stock issued upon the conversion thereof; 

GAAP 
 are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

IFRS 
 are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 

initial
 business combination are to a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar
 business combination with one or more businesses; 

initial
 public offering are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company on November 3, 2021; 

initial
 stockholders are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering (or their
 permitted transferees); 

Investment
 Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

JOBS
 Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

Adeptus 
 are to Adeptus Partners, LLC, our independent registered public accounting firm. 

management 
 or our management team are to our officers and directors 

Nasdaq 
 are to the Nasdaq Stock Market; 

PCAOB 
 are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

private
 placement shares are to the shares of our common stock included within the private placement units purchased by our sponsor
 in the private placement; 

private
 placement units are to the units purchased by our sponsor in the private placement, each private placement unit consisting
 of one share of Class A Common Stock and three-quarters of one warrant; 

private
 placement warrants are to the warrants included within the private placement units purchased by our sponsor in the private
 placement; 

3 

public
 shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are
 purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public
 stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and members of our management team
 to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares; provided that each initial stockholder s
 and member of our management team s status as a public stockholder shall only exist with respect to such public
 shares; 

public
 units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist of one public share and one public warrant; 

public
 warrants are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased
 in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market), to the private placement warrants if held by third parties other
 than our sponsor (or permitted transferees), and to any private placement warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans
 that are sold to third parties that are not initial purchasers of our private placement warrants or executive officers or directors
 (or permitted transferees); 

Registration
 Statement are to the Form S-1 filed with the SEC on September 24, 2021, as amended; 

Report 
 are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021; 

Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

SEC 
 are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities
 Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

sponsor 
 is to Vision Sensing LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

trust
 account are to the trust account in the United States, with Continental acting as trustee into which an amount of 102,718,000
 10.15 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units and private placement units in the initial public offering was placed
 following the closing of the initial public offering; 

units 
 are to the public units and the private placement units; 

warrants 
 are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the placement warrants and any warrants issued upon
 conversion of working capital loans to the extent they are no longer held by the initial holders or their permitted transferees; 

we, 
 us, Company or our Company are to Vision Sensing Acquisition Corp.; 

4 

PART
I 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated in the State of Delaware on August 13, 2021, whose business purpose is to effect a merger, capital
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which
we refer to as our initial business combination. We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated
with emerging growth companies. We believe that there are many target companies that could become attractive public companies we intend
to focus on industries that complement our management team s background, and to capitalize on the ability of our management team
to identify and acquire a business, focusing on the vision sensing technologies VST industry, where our management team
has extensive experience. 

Our
management team is led by our Chief Executive Officer, George Peter Sobek, and our Chief Financial Officer, Hang Kon Louis Ma, who are
well positioned to take advantage of the growing set of acquisition opportunities focused on the VST industry and our contacts and relationships,
ranging from owners and management teams of private and public companies, private equity funds, investment bankers, attorneys, to accountants
and business brokers will allow us to generate an attractive transaction for our stockholders. 

On
November 3, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 10,120,000 units, including the underwriters over-allotment option
of an additional 1,320,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share,
and three-quarters of one redeemable warrant of the Company, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share
of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross
proceeds of 101,200,000. We have until May 3, 2023 to consummate an initial business combination, which may be extended to such later
date as may be approved by the Company s stockholders in accordance with the Company s certificate of incorporation. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the initial public offering, we completed the private placement of an aggregate of 472,700 units to our sponsor,
including 46,200 units issued pursuant to the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option in full, at a purchase price
of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating total gross proceeds of 4,727,000. 

A
total of 102,718,000, comprised of 101,200,000 of the proceeds from the IPO (which amount includes 3,542,000 of the underwriters 
deferred discount) and 1,518,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account,
maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

On
December 23, 2021, the Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrant included in the Units began separate trading. 

Extension

On
October 28, 2022, at the request of our sponsor, our board of directors extended the period of time to consummate a Business Combination
to February 3, 2023, our sponsor deposited 1,012,000 (representing 0.10 per public unit sold in our initial public offering) into the
trust account, and we issued to our sponsor a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note in that amount. On February 2, 2023, at
the request of our sponsor, we extended period of time to consummate a Business Combination a second time to May 3, 2023, our sponsor
deposited 1,012,000 (representing 0.10 per public unit sold in our initial public offering) into the trust account, and we issued to
our sponsor a second non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note in that amount. If we do not complete the Business Combination with
Newsight or another business combination by May 3, 2023 (which may be extended to such later date as may be approved by our stockholders
in an amendment to our certificate of incorporation), then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the Trust
Account. 

5 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination with Newsight or another Business Combination by May 3, 2023 (which may be extended
to such later date as may be approved by the Company s stockholders in accordance with the Company s certificate of incorporation),
the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to
pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following May 3, 2023 (or such later
date as may be approved by the Company s stockholders in accordance with our certificate of incorporation) and, therefore, we do
not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions
received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Proposed
Business Combination 

On
August 30, 2022, the Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Original Business Combination Agreement with Newsight Imaging Ltd., an Israeli company Newsight ), and Newsight MergerSub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly
owned subsidiary of Newsight Merger Sub ), which has since been amended by Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement
dated January 19, 2023 (the First BCA Amendment and Amendment No. 2 to Business Combination agreement dated January 29,
2023 (the Second BCA Amendment ). We refer to the Original Business Combination Agreement as amended by the two amendments
as the Business Combination Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, at the closing (the Closing of the transactions contemplated thereunder (collectively,
the Transaction ), and following the Recapitalization and the PIPE Investment (as each such term is defined and described
in the Business Combination Agreement), (i) Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving
entity and a wholly owned subsidiary of Newsight (the Merger (ii) the common stock of the Company (including Class A
common stock and Class B common stock) will be converted into ordinary shares of Newsight Newsight Ordinary Shares on
a one-for-one basis; (iii) warrants to purchase the Company s common stock will instead become eligible to purchase the same number
of Newsight Ordinary Shares (referred to hereafter as Newsight Ordinary Shares at the same exercise price and for the
same exercise period; (iv) the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Newsight; and (v) the Company will change its corporate
name to Newsight HoldCo, Inc., and will have a restated certificate of incorporation appropriate for a private corporation. 

Prior
to the Closing, but subject to the completion of the Closing, Newsight will effect a recapitalization of its outstanding equity securities
(the Recapitalization so that the only class of outstanding equity of Newsight will be the Newsight Ordinary Shares (and
certain options and warrants that are exercisable for Newsight Ordinary Shares). To effect the Recapitalization, (i) Newsight will effect
a recapitalization of the Newsight Ordinary Shares so that the holders of the then outstanding Newsight Ordinary Shares will have shares
valued at 10.00 per share having a total value of 215,000,000; and (ii) with respect to outstanding options to purchase Newsight Ordinary
Shares, the number of Newsight Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of such security will be multiplied by the Conversion Ratio, as
defined in the Business Combination Agreement, and the exercise price of such security will be divided by the Conversion Ratio. The Business
Combination Agreement does not provide for any post-closing purchase price adjustments. 

On
January 19, 2023, the Company, Newsight and Merger Sub entered into the First BCA Amendment to amend Article 40.1(a) of Exhibit H to
the Original Business Combination Agreement (the form of Amended and Restated Article of Association of Newsight that will become effective
in connection with consummation of the Business Combination) to provide that the U.S. federal district courts will have exclusive jurisdiction
to resolve complaints asserting a cause of action under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. On January 29, 2023, the Company,
Newsight and Merger Sub entered into the Second BCA Amendment to amend the definition of Outside Date in Section 10.1 in
the Original Business Combination Agreement to change the Outside Date from February 3, 2023 to May 3, 2023. The amendment extends the
Outside Date to match the new deadline for the Company under its organizational documents to complete its initial business combination. 

6 

Merger
Consideration 

Prior
to the Effective Time, Newsight intends to effect a stock split to cause the implied value of the outstanding Newsight ordinary shares
immediately prior to the Effective Time to equal 10.00 per share as of an agreed measurement time shortly prior to Closing (and valuing
Newsight equity as of such agreed measurement time at the Total Deal Value) (the Recapitalization ). 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement and assuming the Recapitalization has occurred, at the Effective Time (a) each share of VSAC Common
Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be cancelled, and be exchanged for one Newsight ordinary share, subject
to adjustment described herein, and (b) each VSAC warrant outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be assumed by Newsight
and will become a Newsight warrant. 

The
Business Combination Agreement provides that if, between the effectiveness of the Recapitalization and the Effective Time of the Business
Combination, (a) the outstanding Newsight Ordinary Shares shall have been increased, decreased, changed into or exchanged for a different
number of shares or different class, in each case, by reason of any reclassification, recapitalization, stock split (including reverse
stock split), split-up, combination or exchange or readjustment of shares, (b) a stock dividend or dividend payable in any other securities
of Newsight shall be declared with a record date within such period, or (c) any similar event shall have occurred, then in each case
the Newsight Ordinary Shares issuable under the Business Combination Agreement in exchange for VSAC Securities shall be appropriately
adjusted to provide the holders thereof the same economic effect as contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement prior to such
event. 

The
Business Combination Agreement and related agreements are further described in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September
6, 2022 and in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 30, 2023 as well as in the Newsight Form F-4 described below. 

Newsight
Registration Statement on Form F-4 

Newsight
filed a Registration Statement on Form F-4 with the SEC on December 8, 2022 to register the issuance of the Newsight Ordinary Shares
that will be issued at the consummation of the Business Combination, the warrants exercisable for Newsight Ordinary Shares that will
result from the amendment of the Company s public warrants at the consummation of the Business Combination and the Newsight Ordinary
Shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants. Newsight filed an Amendment No. 1 thereto on January 20, 2023 and an Amendment No. 2
thereto on February 13, 2023. We use the term Newsight Form F-4 to refer to the original registration statement as amended
by the two amendments and as it may be subsequently further amended. 

7 

Business
Strategy and Competitive Advantages 

While
we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry or geographic location, we intend to focus our search on companies
with operations in the vision sensing technologies VST ), including hardware chip solutions (such as chips, modules and
systems), VST-related application software, artificial intelligence AI and other peripheral technologies that assist
to integrate and/or supplement VST applications. There is no restriction in the geographic location of targets we can pursue, however,
we expressly disclaim any intent to and will not consummate a business combination with a target business located in China or Hong Kong.
We intend to capitalize on the following competitive advantages in our pursuit of a target company: 

Established
 Deal Sourcing Network. We believe the strong track record, industry experience and networks of our board and management team
 and our financial advisor, ARC Group Limited, will enable us to generate a quality deal pipeline. In addition, we believe we, through
 our board, management team and financial advisor, have contacts and sources from which to generate acquisition opportunities and
 possibly seek complementary follow-on business arrangements. These contacts and sources include those in government, private and
 public companies, private equity and venture capital funds, investment bankers, attorneys and accountants. 

Experience
 recognizing key technology trends: Members of our team have demonstrated experience in managing and growing businesses at the
 epicenter of major technology trends. More recently, certain team members have been active in identifying and investing, at earlier
 stages, in companies focusing on the next big trends, such as artificial intelligence, robotics, cloud services and automotive technology. 

Experience
 identifying strong management teams: With key members of our team having had significant senior executive roles in operating
 and investing in technology companies, we believe we have an ability to identify the characteristics of successful business leaders,
 and effectively engage with these management teams. In addition, members of our team have more recently been investing in many founder-led
 businesses. 

History
 of operating experience: Members of our team are seasoned operators having held executive level roles in various companies. We
 have experience in developing and executing strategy, building and retaining teams, and executing business combinations among other
 activities. 

Deep
 network and connections to company founders: Our team has numerous existing connections to company founders and business leaders
 across sectors within the technology industry. Members of our team have invested in many companies, served on many boards and worked
 with many influential founders and senior management teams within the technology industry, and specifically the sectors we intend
 to initially focus on. 

Status
 as a Publicly Listed Acquisition Company . We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to
 prospective target businesses. As a publicly listed company, we will offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial
 public offering process. We believe that some target businesses will favor this alternative, which we believe is less expensive,
 while offering greater certainty of execution, than the traditional initial public offering process. During an initial public offering,
 there are typically underwriting fees and marketing expenses, which would be costlier than a business combination with us. Furthermore,
 once a proposed business combination is approved by our stockholders (if applicable) and the transaction is consummated, the target
 business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s ability
 to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe
 our target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned
 with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s
 profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented management staffs. 

8 

Acquisition
Criteria 

We
believe that the market for new technology and the accelerating rate of acceptance and utilization of such new technologies will be a
consistent driving factor in the economy of the future. We intend to leverage the extensive network and experience of our management
team, sponsor and advisors in identifying a suitable target within the technology industry and structuring a business combination that
is attractive to both the target and our public stockholders. Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following general
criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We intend to use these criteria and
guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business
that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

Innovative,
 high value: We intend to seek unique technologies within our target focus that have high value adding potential for exploitation
 across multiple markets and multiple applications. We intend to focus on technologies that have the potential to be paradigm shifting
 and disruptive. 

Unique
 with barriers to entry: We will seek technologies that are not easily replicated and/or that have patent protection or other
 barriers to competitive market entry. We intend to target businesses that differentiate themselves from their peers in ways that
 are difficult to replicate and have clear competitive advantages. 

Strong,
 Committed Management Teams: We intend to seek to target businesses that have strong, experienced, and committed management
 teams who we believe may benefit from our financial, managerial and investment expertise as well as our extensive industry networks
 and insights. We believe in ensuring that the interests of such team members are closely aligned with the interests of our stakeholders. 

Earnings
 Growth Potential: While we are aware of the propensity in the technology space to assign high valuations for growth potential,
 we intend to focus on the earliest possible achievement of a high, sustainable and growing level of profitability and cash flow.
 This also means we will seek investments with manageable capital requirements and existing or potential strategic partnerships. 

Focus
 on Value: We will seek opportunities that, based on our due diligence and industry experience, represents an attractive valuation
 relative to publicly listed companies with similar characteristics or in similar industry segments. We are particularly focused on
 finding opportunities where a mixture of our expertise, capital and public listing can help to enhance and accelerate value creation. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that from time to time
our management may deem relevant. 

We
may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem
a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination. We intend to acquire a company with an
enterprise value significantly above the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units. Depending
on the size of the transaction or the number of public shares we become obligated to redeem, we may potentially utilize several additional
financing sources, including but not limited to the issuance of additional securities to the sellers of a target business, debt issued
by banks or other lenders or the owners of the target, a private placement to raise additional funds, or a combination of the foregoing.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced
to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient
to meet our obligations or our working capital needs, we may need to obtain additional financing. 

Initial
Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on
the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of
directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not
able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such
criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair
market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of
a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally,
pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

9 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares
will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target
business in order to meet certain objectives of the prior owners of the target business, the target management team or stockholders or
for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of
the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be
required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ).
Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the
business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the
target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number
of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would
acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders
immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent
to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned
or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued
for purposes of the 80 fair market value test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market
value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as our
initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational,
legal and other information which will be made available to us. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in
our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Satisfaction
of 80 Test 

The
balance of the funds in the Trust Account (excluding deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable) at the time of the execution
of the Business Combination Agreement with Newsight was approximately 102,718,000 and 80 thereof represents approximately 82,174,400.
In determining whether the 80 requirement was met, rather than relying on any one factor, VSAC s board of directors concluded
that it was appropriate to base such valuation all of the qualitative factors described in this section and the section of this proxy
statement entitled VSAC s Board of Directors Reasons for the Business Combination and Recommendation of Its Board
of Directors as well as quantitative factors, such as the value ascribed to the outstanding ordinary shares and options of Newsight
prior to the transaction being 215 million and the anticipated implied equity value of the combined company being approximately 380
million, assuming no redemptions, with no material debt expected to be outstanding. Based on the qualitative and quantitative information
used to approve the Business Combination described herein, VSAC s board of directors determined that the 80 fair market value
requirement was met. 

10 

Our
Business Combination Process 

In
evaluating prospective business combinations, we conduct a thorough due diligence review process that encompasses, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational,
legal and other information which will be made available to us. We also seek to utilize the expertise of our management team in analyzing
VST companies and evaluating operating projections, financial projections and determining the appropriate return expectations given the
risk profile of the target business. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of
view. 

Certain
of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities
pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any
of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has
then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary
or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director
or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our
company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us
to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Our
Management Team 

Members
of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they devote as much of their time
as they, in the exercise of their respective business judgement, deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business
combination. The amount of time our officers devote in any time period varies based on the stage of the initial business combination
process we are in. We do not have an employment agreement with any member of our management team. 

We
believe our management team s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial
number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed
a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships in the financial industry. This network has grown through the activities of our
management team having served as directors or officers for numerous publicly-listed and privately-owned companies and experience with
regulatory compliance, corporate governance, initial public offerings, and mergers and acquisitions. 

Status
as a Public Company 

We
believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target
business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following
an initial business combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating
management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business
can further benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In
a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the
target business for our shares of Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of Class
A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. 

11 

Although
there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a
more expeditious and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial
public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there
are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road
show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 

Furthermore,
once a proposed initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial
public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions,
which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business
combination, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management
incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public
company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting
talented employees. 

While
we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential
target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder
approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent
registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find
our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities
may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following November 3, 2026, the fifth
anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion,
or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held
by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0
billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held
by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of the prior June 30 th , or (2) our annual revenues equaled
or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700
million as of the prior June 30 th . 

12 

Financial
Position 

With
funds available for an initial business combination in the amount of approximately 105.8 million as of March 20, 2023, we offer a target
business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion
of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial
business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the
most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires.
However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations other than the pursuit of our initial business combination, for
an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public
offering and the private placement of the private placement units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial
business combination (pursuant to backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our initial public offering or
otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination
of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable
or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account
are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A
common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for
maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred
in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the
amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we are targeting businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our
initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete
such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing
only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with
assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination
would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are
no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this
time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through
the sale of securities or otherwise. 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

Target
business candidates are brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals.
Target businesses are also brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings.
These sources introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these
sources will have read the prospectus of our initial public offering and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers
and directors, as well as our sponsor and their affiliates, also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware
of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade
shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available
to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their affiliates. While we do not presently
anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis,
we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory
fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage
a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be
available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our
best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee
will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors
be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the
company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of
our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective
business combination target in connection with a contemplated initial business combination except as set forth herein. We pay Vision
Sensing LLC, our sponsor, a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and to
reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, and completing an initial business combination.
Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our
initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection
process of an initial business combination candidate. 

13 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with an initial business combination target that is affiliated with
our sponsor, officers or directors or making the initial business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership
with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with an initial business combination
target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion
from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial
business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other
context. 

If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business
of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business
combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently
have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value
of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on
the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market
value of our initial business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted
by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses
or a valuation based on the financial metrics of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able
to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria.
While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value
of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular
target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to
purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement,
our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although
we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal
operations. 

In
any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business
or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be
taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s 80 fair market value test. There is no basis for our investors to evaluate the possible
merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. 

14 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

In
evaluating a prospective business target, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities,
as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. 

The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in
our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we are focusing our search for an initial business combination in a single
industry. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the
 particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business
combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the
future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future
role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination
as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial
business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following
our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial
business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge
relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The
determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. 

Following
an initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business.
We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

15 

Stockholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval
if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal
reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether
stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 Whether Stockholder Approval is Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 Yes 

Under
Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we
 issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock
 then outstanding; 

any
 of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons
 collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise
 and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of
 5 or more; or 

the
 issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted
Purchases of our Securities 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, or their affiliates may purchase
public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion
of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers or their
affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current
commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions.
If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information
not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate
that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private
transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases
that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant
to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the
funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial
business combination. 

16 

The
purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase
the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement
with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce
the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection
with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination
that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class
A common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult
to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers,
directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt
of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination.
To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact
only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account
or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial
business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates will only purchase public shares if such purchases comply
with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any
purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange
Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability
for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be
complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates
will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases
will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting
requirements. 

Redemption
Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the
completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on
the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, subject to the limitations described herein. As of December 31, 2021, the amount in the trust account was approximately 10.15
per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with
us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares
and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the
completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business
combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business
combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as
the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or
stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder
approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding
common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure
an initial business combination with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as
to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements
or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities
on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules. 

17 

If
stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation
 of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

In
the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If
we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common
stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in
person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding
shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant
to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and private placement shares and
any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions)
in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock
voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give
approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which
a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our
initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect
to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

If
a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct
 the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and 

file
 tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial
 and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the
 Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with
Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender
offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

18 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until
the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more
than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we
will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately
prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that
we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may
be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered
to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will only redeem our public shares so long as (after such redemption)
our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination
and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business
combination. For example, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its
owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash
to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash
consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount
required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of
cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock
submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation
on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert
or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with
respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. 
Such restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating
large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed
initial business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current
market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold
in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably
attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination
with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not
be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business
combination. 

Tendering
Stock Certificates in Connection with Redemption Rights 

We
may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares
in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent up to two business days prior to the vote on
the proposal to approve the initial business combination, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC
System, at the holder s option. The proxy materials that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our
initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly,
a public stockholder would have up to two days prior to the vote on the initial business combination to tender its shares if it wishes
to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic
delivery of their public shares. 

19 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not
to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking
to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless
of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with
their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial
business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card
indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the
company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result,
the stockholder then had an option window after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she
could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell
his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption
rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights
surviving past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement
for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once
the initial business combination is approved. 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date of the stockholder meeting. Furthermore, if a holder
of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the
applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically
or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares
will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If
our initial proposed initial business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination
with a different target by May 3, 2023 which may be extended to such later date as may be approved by the Company s stockholders
in accordance with the Company s certificate of incorporation). 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have until November 3, 2022 (or until May 3, 2023 if we extend
the period of time to consummate a business combination) to complete our initial business combination. We have obtained two extensions
extending the period to May 3, 2023. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by May 3, 2023 (which may be extended
to such later date as may be approved by the Company s stockholders in accordance with the Company s certificate of incorporation),
we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten
business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes
(less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to
our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no
redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial
business combination by May 3, 2023 (which may be extended to such later date as may be approved by the Company s stockholders
in accordance with the Company s certificate of incorporation). 

20 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and private placement shares held by them if we fail to complete
our initial business combination by May 3, 2023 (which may be extended to such later date as may be approved by the Company s stockholders
in accordance with the Company s certificate of incorporation). However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares
in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such
public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by May 3, 2023(which may be extended to such later date as may
be approved by the Company s stockholders in accordance with the Company s certificate of incorporation). 

We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be
funded from amounts remaining outside the trust account, although we cannot
assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. As of March 20, 2023 we had funds in the amount of 2,761 remaining outside the trust account. 

We
will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However,
if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent
that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional
amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units, other than the
proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share
redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.15. The proceeds deposited in the trust account
could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders.
We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.15.
Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision
for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make
any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that
we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 

Although
we have sought and will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with
which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the
trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they
execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent
inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver,
in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account.
If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform
an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver
if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant
whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would
agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Adeptus, our
independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our initial public offering, have not executed agreements with
us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. 

21 

In
addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor
has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us,
or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or
business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.15 per public share and
(ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than
 10.15 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply
to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust
account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial
public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to
reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy
its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure
you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third
parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors
would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect
that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to
us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the
cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent
directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations
and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims
of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.15 per public share. 

We
seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to
have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor is also not be liable
as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. We have access to the amounts held outside the trust account with which to pay any such potential claims (including
costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the
event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who
received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 

Under
the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by
them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public
shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination by May 3, 2023 (which may be extended to such later date as may
be approved by the Company s stockholders in accordance with the Company s certificate of incorporation) may be considered
a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL
intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party
claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional
150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a
liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to
the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 

22 

Furthermore,
if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination by May 3, 2023 (which may be extended to such later date as may be approved by the
Company s stockholders in accordance with the Company s certificate of incorporation), is not considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings
that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute
of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as
in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by May 3, 2023 (which may be
extended to such later date as may be approved by the Company s stockholders in accordance with the Company s certificate
of incorporation), we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to
us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following May 3, 2023 (which may be
extended to such later date as may be approved by the Company s stockholders in accordance with the Company s certificate
of incorporation) and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable
for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond
the third anniversary of such date. 

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such
time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within
the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be
limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as
lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our
underwriting agreement, we have sought and will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses
or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited
and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may
be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.15 per public share
or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to
reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as
to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will
not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If
we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the
trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot
assure you we will be able to return 10.15 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an
involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed
under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and
our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.
We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

23 

Our
public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of
our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to
amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem
100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by May 3, 2023 (which may be extended to such later
date as may be approved by the Company s stockholders in accordance with the Company s certificate of incorporation)or (B)
with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the
redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination by May 3, 2023 (which may be extended to
such later date as may be approved by the Company s stockholders in accordance with the Company s certificate of incorporation),
subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account.
In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection
with the initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro
rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged
buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have
extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors
possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited
by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination
of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption
rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution
they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

Employees 

We
have two officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they devote as much
of their time as they deem necessary, in the exercise of their respective business judgement, to our affairs until we have completed
our initial business combination. The amount of time our officers devote in any time period varies based on the stage of the initial
business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business
combination. We do not have an employment agreement with any member of our management team. 

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

We
have registered our units, Class A common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement
that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual
reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We
will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial
statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements
may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide
such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination
candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare
its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we
may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates,
we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

24 

We
will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth
company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity
to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. 

We
have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange
Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing
a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial
business combination. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and
proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period
provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following November 3, 2026, the fifth
anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion,
or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock that
are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than
 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company will
have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held
by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded
 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by nonaffiliates exceeds 700 million as
of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

25 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material
risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

our
 ability to realize anticipated benefits of the Business Combination, and unanticipated expenses or delays in connection with the
 Business Combination. 

we
 are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we
 may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed
 time frame; 

our
 expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses may not be realized; 

we
 may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our
 officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between our Company and other businesses and may potentially have
 conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we
 may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or reduce the number of shareholders
 requesting redemption; 

we
 may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing
 market price of our shares at that time; 

you
 may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

trust
 account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

an
 active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the
 availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to
 the business combination; and 

our
 financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record
 of revenue, cash flows and experienced management. 

Changes
 in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability
 to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and results of operations. 

If
 we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we
 may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if
 we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our
 operations. 

26 

For
the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our Registration
Statement. 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
 2. 
 Properties. 

Our
executive offices are located at Suite 500, 78 SW 7th Street Miami, Florida 33130, and our telephone number is (786) 633-2520. The cost
for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and shared
personnel support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 

To
the knowledge of our management team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors
in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

 PART
II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) 
 Market
 Information 

Our
units, public shares and public warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols VSACU, VSAC, AND VSACW, 
respectively. Our units commenced public trading on November 1, 2021, and our public shares and public warrants commenced separate public
trading on December 23, 2021. 

(b) 
 Holders 

On
March 20, 2023, there were one holder of record of our shares of Class A common stock, one holder of record of our Class B common stock,
one holder of record of our warrants and two holders of record of our units. 

(c) 
 Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur
any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) 
 Securities
 Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) 
 Recent
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

27 

(f) 
 Purchases
 of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

(g) 
 Use
 of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

On
November 3, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 10,120,000 units, including 1,320,000 units issued pursuant to the exercise
of the underwriters over-allotment option. Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and three-quarters of one redeemable
warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one public share for 11.50 per share. The units were sold
at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 101,200,000. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the initial public offering, we completed the private placement of an aggregate of 472,700 units to our sponsor,
including 46,200 units issued pursuant to the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option in full, at a purchase price
of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating total gross proceeds of 4,727,000. 

A
total of 102,718,000, comprised of 101,200,000 of the proceeds from the IPO (which amount includes 3,542,000 of the underwriters 
deferred discount) and 1,518,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account
maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in U.S. government
securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and
meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. 

On
December 23, 2021, the Class A ordinary shares and Public Warrants included in the Units began separate trading. 

Transaction
costs of the Initial Public Offering with the exercise of the overallotment amounted to 6,002,024 consisting of 2,024,000 of cash underwriting
fees, 3,542,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 436,024 of other costs. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering and full exercise of underwriter s over-allotment option, 953,522 of cash was held
outside of the Trust Account available for working capital purposes. 

 On
October 28, 2022, at the request of our sponsor, our board of directors extended the period of time to consummate a Business Combination
to February 3, 2023, our sponsor deposited 1,012,000 (representing 0.10 per public unit sold in our initial public offering) into the
trust account, and we issued to our sponsor a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note in that amount. On February 2, 2023, at
the request of our sponsor, we extended period of time to consummate a Business Combination a second time to May 3, 2023, our sponsor
deposited 1,012,000 (representing 0.10 per public unit sold in our initial public offering) into the trust account, and we issued to
our sponsor a second non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note in that amount. If we do not complete the Business Combination with
Newsight or another business combination by May 3, 2023 (which may be extended to such later date as may be approved by our stockholders
in an amendment to our certificate of incorporation), then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the Trust
Account. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, we have available to us 71650 of cash on our balance sheet and a working deficit of 2,091,056. 

Item
 6. 
 Reserved. 

Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References
to the Company, us, our or we refer to Vision Sensing Acquisition Corp. The following
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial
statements and related notes included herein. 

28 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements under this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking statements. When used in this Report,
words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and
similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s
management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward- looking statements as a result of certain
factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons
acting on the Company s behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set
forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on August 13, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of entering
into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination
with one or more target businesses. While our efforts to identify a target business may span many industries and regions worldwide, we
focus on companies with operations in vision sensing technologies. We intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash
from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the private placement of the Private Units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares
in connection with our initial Business Combination, shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders
or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial Business Combination. We cannot assure you that our plans
to complete our initial Business Combination will be successful. 

On
August 30, 2022, the Company entered into the Original Business Combination Agreement with Newsight, and MergerSub, which has since been
amended on January 19, 2023 by the First BCA Amendment and again on January 29, 2023 by the Second BCA Amendment. We refer to the Original
Business Combination Agreement as amended by the two amendments as the Business Combination Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, at the Closing of the Transactions contemplated thereunder, and following the Recapitalization
and the PIPE Investment (as each such term is defined and described in the Business Combination Agreement), (i) Merger Sub will merge
with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity and a wholly owned subsidiary of Newsight, which we refer
to as the Merger; (ii) the common stock of the Company (including Class A common stock and Class B common stock) will be converted into
Newsight Ordinary Shares on a one-for-one basis; (iii) warrants to purchase the Company s common stock will instead become eligible
to purchase the same number of Newsight Ordinary Shares at the same exercise price and for the same exercise period; (iv) the Company
will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Newsight; and (v) the Company will change its corporate name to Newsight HoldCo, Inc., and will
have a restated certificate of incorporation appropriate for a private corporation. 

On
January 19, 2023, the Company, Newsight and Merger Sub entered into the First BCA Amendment to amend Article 40.1(a) of Exhibit H to
the Original Business Combination Agreement (the form of Amended and Restated Article of Association of Newsight that will become effective
in connection with consummation of the Business Combination) to provide that the U.S. federal district courts will have exclusive jurisdiction
to resolve complaints asserting a cause of action under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. On January 29, 2023, the Company,
Newsight and Merger Sub entered into the Second BCA Amendment to amend the definition of Outside Date in Section 10.1 in
the Original Business Combination Agreement to change the Outside Date from February 3, 2023 to May 3, 2023. The amendment extends the
Outside Date to match the new deadline for the Company under its organizational documents to complete its initial business combination. 

29 

The
Business Combination Agreement and related agreements are further described in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September
6, 2022 and our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 30, 2023 and in the Newsight Form F-4 described below. 

Newsight
filed a Registration Statement on Form F-4 with the SEC on December 8, 2022 to register the issuance of the Newsight Ordinary Shares
that will be issued at the consummation of the Business Combination, the warrants exercisable for Newsight Ordinary Shares that will
result from the amendment of the Company s public warrants at the consummation of the Business Combination and the Newsight Ordinary
Shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants. Newsight filed an Amendment No. 1 thereto on January 20, 2023 and an Amendment No. 2
thereto on February 13, 2023. We use the term Newsight Form F-4 to refer to the original registration statement as amended
by the two amendments and as it may be subsequently further amended. 

For
further information regarding the Merger Agreement and our proposed initial Business Combination with Newsight, please refer to Note
1 of this Annual Report and the Newsight Form S-4. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022
were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for our Initial Public Offering, described below, identifying a target company
for an initial Business Combination, conducting due diligence on prospective targets, negotiating the Business Combination Agreement
with Newsight and preparing filings with the SEC including working with Newsight on the Newsight Form F-4. We do not expect to generate
any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of
interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Accounts. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal,
financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For
the period from August 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 500,714, which consists of formation and
operating costs of 1,703,806, franchise tax cost of 286,821, and interest earned on investments held of 1,494,913. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On
November 3, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 10,120,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of 101,200,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering, we completed the private placement of an aggregate
of 472,700 units to our sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating total gross proceeds of 4,727,000. 

For
the period from August 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 1,178,821. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had investments of 105,082,318 held in the Trust Accounts. We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the Trust Accounts, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Accounts (less taxes paid and deferred underwriting
commissions) to complete our initial Business Combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. During the period ended December 31,
2022, we withdraw 142,595 interest earned on the Trust Accounts. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in
part, as consideration to complete our initial Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Accounts will be used as
working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 71,650 outside of the Trust Accounts. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Accounts
primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and
from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents
and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination. 

30 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with our initial Business Combination, our Sponsor
or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required.
If we complete our initial Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial Business Combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Accounts to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds
from our Trust Accounts would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units identical to the
Placement Units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. On August 9, 2022, we issued a non-interest-bearing promissory
note to our sponsor for loans in the principal amount of up to 1,500,000, which is convertible into units as described above. The note
matures on the earlier to occur of the consummation of our initial business combination or the date of winding up of our business. As
of December 31, 2022, we had received total advances under this note in the principal amount of 333,900. 

We
issued two non-interest-bearing, unsecured promissory notes each in the principal amount of 1,012,000 to our sponsor on October 28,
2022 and February 2, 2023 to fund the two extensions to the deadline to complete our initial business combination as described above
under the heading Extensions in Item 1 of Part 1 of this report. The notes mature on the earlier to occur of the consummation
of our initial business combination or the date of winding up of our business. These notes are not convertible into units. 

If
our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial Business Combination
are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial
Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial Business Combination or because
we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, in which
case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable
securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial Business Combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to
cease operations and liquidate the Trust Accounts. In addition, following our initial Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient,
we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

In
connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties
about an Entity s ability to Continue as a Going Concern, we have determined that if we are unable to raise additional funds
to alleviate liquidity needs as well as complete a Business Combination by May 3, 2023 (which may be extended to such later date as may
be approved by our stockholders in an amendment to our certificate of incorporation), then we will cease all operations except for the
purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and the date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We plan to consummate a Business Combination prior to the mandatory liquidation
date. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after May 3,
2023. 

Contractual
Obligations 

On
August 9, 2022, we issued a non-interest-bearing promissory note to our sponsor for loans in the principal amount of up to 1,500,000,
which is convertible into units identical to the Placement Units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. The note
matures on the earlier to occur of the consummation of our initial business combination or the date of winding up of our business. As
of December 31, 2022, we had received total advances under this note in the principal amount of 1,345,900. 

We
issued two non-interest-bearing, unsecured promissory notes each in the principal amount of 1,012,000 to our sponsor on October 28,
2022 and February 2, 2023 to fund the two extensions to the deadline to complete our initial business combination as described above
under the heading Extensions in Item 1 of Part 1 of this report. The notes mature on the earlier to occur of the consummation
of our initial business combination or the date of winding up of our business. These notes are not convertible into units. 

31 

Except
for the notes issued to our sponsor described above, we do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations
or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay the Sponsor a monthly fee up to 10,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial
and administrative support services. We began incurring these fees on November 3, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly
until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination and our liquidation. 

The
underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 3,542,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters
from the amounts held in the Trust Accounts solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms
of the underwriting agreement. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

This
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our audited financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these audited
financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our unaudited financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate
our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates
on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Net
Loss Per Ordinary Share 

Net
income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common stock shares outstanding for
the period. The calculation of diluted income (loss) per share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with
the Initial Public Offering and warrants issued as components of the Private Placement Units (the Placement Warrants since
the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. 

Net
loss per share, basic and diluted, for Class A and Class B non-redeemable common stock is calculated by dividing the net loss, adjusted
for income attributable to Class A redeemable common stock shares, by the weighted average number of Class A and Class B non-redeemable
common stock shares outstanding for the period. Non-redeemable Class A and Class B common stock shares includes the Founder Shares and
non-redeemable common stock shares as these shares do not have any redemption features and do not participate in the income earned on
the Trust Account. 

Class
A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

All
of the Class A common stock sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the
redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in
connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. In accordance with ASC 480, conditionally redeemable Class A common stock (including shares of Class A common stock
that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain
events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve
the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. Although
the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its charter provides that currently, the Company will not redeem its public
shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets (stockholders equity) to be less than 5,000,001. However, the threshold
in its charter would not change the nature of the underlying shares as redeemable and thus public shares would be required to be disclosed
outside of permanent equity. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value
of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value 10.15 per share) at the end of each reporting period. Such changes are reflected
in additional paid-in capital, or in the absence of additional capital, in accumulated deficit. 

32 

On
December 31, 2022, 10.120,000 shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding are subject to possible redemption. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 

This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. 

Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons
performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer (together,
the Certifying Officers ), we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting
or an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the SEC for
newly public companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information. 

None. 

Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

33 

PART
III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

As
of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 George
 Peter Sobek 
 
 46 
 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Hang
 Kon Louis Ma 
 
 60 
 
 Director,
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 Joseph
 Mitchell Magen 
 
 49 
 
 Director 
 
 William
 Welser IV 
 
 45 
 
 Director 
 
 Garry
 Richard Stein 
 
 77 
 
 Director 

The
experience of our directors and executive officers is as follows: 

Mr.
George Peter Sobek has served as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since September 2021. Mr. Sobek has served many executive
roles in the financial industry over a more than 20-year career serving as director and executive officer of multiple companies operating
within the global financial markets. An expert in regulatory compliance, operational risk and corporate governance, Mr. Sobek has been
responsible for developing and implementing business strategies and operational processes for some of the world s leading financial
institutions. He has been engaged by both buy side and sell side investment firms in corporate finance, trading, sales, and investment
management. Over his career, Mr. Sobek has developed an extensive network and we believe his knowledge and exposure on a global scale
will enable us to locate and attract potential targets. Among his recent engagements, from February 2019 to March 2021, Mr. Sobek was
the Deputy Chief Compliance Officer and Money Laundering Reporting Officer of APAC, Citadel Group, including Citadel Asset Management,
a global multi-strategy Hedge Fund, and Citadel Securities, a proprietary electronic trading firm and liquidity provider. From September
2014 to December 2018, Mr. Sobek was the APAC Head of Compliance; Business Development for Jane Street Asia Limited, a global proprietary
electronic trading firm and liquidity provider that trades a range of global financial products. Prior thereto, Mr. Sobek worked in senior
executive roles in a number of major investment firms. Mr. Sobek has an LLB (Hons) degree from the University of Hertfordshire and is
a member of the New York State Bar Association. He has numerous certifications from industry and regulatory bodies related to securities
regulation, practice, and governance. We believe Mr. Sobek is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his
extensive strategic, management and legal experience. 

Mr.
Hang Kon Louis Ma has served as our director, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary since September 2021. Mr. Ma is a highly
experienced senior executive with extensive management and financial experience in listed companies in the United States and Hong Kong.
He is currently an executive director, the chief financial officer, and the company secretary of G.A. Holdings Limited (SEHK: 8126),
a listed company trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Limited and serves as an independent non-executive director of Carnival Group
International Holdings Limited (SEHK: 0996), which is also a listed company in Hong Kong. He is familiar with Hong Kong listing rules
and has hands-on experience in listed companies including the initial public offerings, reverse takeovers, and mergers and acquisitions.
He has been the key liaison of various listed companies with both the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong and the Securities and Futures Commission
of Hong Kong. Among his recent engagements, since November 2015, Mr. Ma has been serving as an executive director, the Chief Financial
Officer and Company Secretary for G.A. Holdings Limited, which engages in the sale, servicing and after-sales business of automobiles
covering leading brands such as Ferrari, Maserati and BMW in China, and car rental business under Hertz licensing in Hong Kong. Since
May 2019, he has been serving as an independent, non-executive director of Carnival Group International Holdings Limited, which principally
engages in theme-based leisure and consumption business, focusing on the design, development, and operation of integrated large-scale
tourist complex projects. Mr. Ma previously held senior positions at a number of international corporations and local enterprises in
Hong Kong. An accountant by training, he held senior positions at one of the Big Four accounting firms and at a consulting
subsidiary of another major accounting firm. Mr. Ma is a chartered secretary in the United Kingdom and Hong Kong, a chartered certified
accountant in the United Kingdom, and a certified public accountant in Hong Kong and the United States. He received his Professional
Diploma in Company Secretaryship Administration from The Hong Kong Polytechnic (the predecessor to The Hong Kong Polytechnic University).
Mr. Ma holds a master of business administration degree from Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University Hong Kong University
of Science and Technology. We believe Mr. Ma is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive management
and financial experience. 

34 

Joseph
Mitchell Magen is our director. Mr. Magen is a trained software engineer and venture capitalist with more than 20 years of experience
in high-tech companies, software development and the Israeli venture capital industry. Since June 2017, Mr. Magen has been serving as
an investment advisor, broker and representative for two Israel based investment partnerships: Isratrade Investments and Management Ltd.
(isratrade.co.il) and 12 Stones Investments (12stones.co.il). These firms have served as a bridge between investors throughout the Middle
East and technology companies there and in Asia. Starting in 2020, Mr. Magen has worked as the managing editor for an Israeli news media
site, All Israel News (allisrael.com), which is under a US non-profit organization, Near East Media. Previously, he worked at Evergreen
Venture Partners and Red Hat Israel Ltd., a subsidiary of Red Hat, Inc. Mr. Magen holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial and
Systems Engineering from the Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University and a Master of Business Administration degree from
Bar-Ilan University, Israel. We believe Mr. Magen is well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his extensive
technology and management experience. 

William
Welser IV is our director. Mr. Welser is a passionate, curious, and creative technologist motivated by tackling and communicating
complex problems, Mr. Welser operates regularly at the forefront of working across disciplinary boundaries and business sectors toward
the development and application of leading-edge technologies. Since April 2020, Mr. Welser has been the co-founder, Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Technology Officer of Lotic.ai, LLC, a digital behavior company that combines clinical and behavioral sciences with state-of-the-art
network analysis, data science and artificial intelligence (AI) to help humans understand themselves more fully and make better decisions.
Since January 2018, Mr. Welser has also spent time as a sole proprietor delivering advanced technology expertise and consulting in the
areas of healthcare, finance, and media. His technological achievements include developing a distributed ledger system to enable cross-border
transactions, designing a multi-sided platform solution for a large healthcare system, scoping media concepts for merged media products,
due diligence for acquisitions and partnerships, and design and scaling of a polymerase chain reaction (PCR) testing lab focused on COVID-19
detection and research. In the period spanning April 2019 to January 2020, Mr. Welser served as the Chief Technology Officer and Chief
of Nano Labs for Nano Global Corporation. In this role he was the executive charged with the responsibilities of designing, building,
testing, and preparing customer-facing products and features for release to the marketplace. From March 2018 until January 2019, Mr.
Welser was a Senior Partner for ReD Associates, a boutique consulting firm. In this role, he was responsible for building and integrating
a technology-focused set of offerings for Fortune 100 firms. From 2008 to 2018, Mr. Welser served in various senior and executive roles
at the RAND Corporation, a noted policy institution and think tank, including serving as Director of the Engineering and Applied Sciences
Research Department, as Senior Management Scientist, as Professor at the Pardee RAND Graduate School, and as co-founder and co-director
of RAND s Impact Lab. Following his departure as a full-time employee in March 2018, Mr. Welser has continued to contribute to
RAND s mission as an Adjunct, Senior Management Scientist. Previously, Mr. Welser served in the United States Air Force as an acquisitions
officer and engineer responsible for program management, design of next generation technologies, systems engineering, and procurement
and production of advanced technologies, some of which are actively used in the cyber, air, and space realms. In addition, Mr. Welser
has held a number of important advisory and public speaking roles and has been a prolific author of research papers and periodical publications.
His numerous publications in major outlets have informed policy decision-makers, corporate leaders, and the public on topics such as
bias in artificial intelligence, future of work, privacy and cryptography, future of high performance computing, space debris mitigation
and remediation, design of commercially-focused aerial drones, vulnerabilities and capabilities of space, air, and cyber systems, and
performance of supply chain and industrial base systems. Mr. Welser received his Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from
University of Virginia, his Master of Business Administration degree from Boston College, and his Master of Science degree in Finance
from Boston College. We believe Mr. Welser is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his expertise and
experience as a research specialist and senior management, and his contacts and relationships. 

35 

Garry
Richard Stein is our director. Mr. Stein has global experience of over 50 years in banking, investment management, mergers and
acquisitions, private equity, and public and private board and executive roles. He is a financial and strategic advisor for a number
of resource-based, scientific and technology ventures. Since August 2021, Mr. Stein has been serving as an independent non-executive
director of Liberty Resources Acquisition Corp., where he serves on, and is the chair of, the audit committee of its board
of directors, and the manager of its sponsor, Liberty Fields LLC. Liberty Resources is a blank check
special purpose acquisition company. Since May 2021, Mr. Stein has been serving as an executive director and the Chief Financial Officer
of PHP Ventures Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: PPHPU). PHP is a Nasdaq listed blank check special purpose acquisition company aiming to acquire
consumer-facing companies with a significant Africa presence or a compelling Africa potential. From July 2019 to September 2021, Mr.
Stein served as a director of Hope Gold Limited, a junior gold mining producer in the Republic of Ghana and until April 2021, he also
served as its Chief Financial Officer. From November 2017 to March 2019, Mr. Stein served as the Managing Partner and Chief Knowledge
Officer of Quotable Management Limited. Quotable was a strategic advisor in partnership with the World Reserve Trust Group of Companies
in development and operation of the technology design for the global trade settlement platform based on Digital Ledger Technology. In
this role, Mr. Stein was instrumental in the strategic planning, design concepts and implementation of modern distributed ledger and
related technologies to the issues of global trade on which he held several trademarks and patents. Mr. Stein was the founder and, from
November 2013 to January 2018, the Managing Director of CAF Limited, a company established to develop and operate a unique new financial
services business that designed a unique structured finance commodity streaming product. In addition, Mr. Stein was the President of
a top-performing resource based mutual fund, head of investments for a Canadian bank, head of asset/liability management for a major
Canadian bank, manager of a large high-income bond fund, and held several other advisory and investment management roles. He held roles
as director and/or officer of numerous public and private companies and foundations. Mr. Stein holds a Bachelor of Science degree in
Chemistry from the Case Western Reserve University, a Master of Applied Science degree in Metallurgy and Material Science from University
of Toronto, a Master of Business Administration degree from Schulich School of Business, York University, and is a Fellow of the Institute
of Canadian Banking. We believe Mr. Stein is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his experience in financial
industry, international expertise, and his contacts and relationships. 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

We
have five directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year
and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first
fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, which will consist of George Peter
Sobek will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, which will consist
of Hang Kon Louis Ma, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting
of Joseph Mitchell Magen, William Welser IV and Garry Richard Stein, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our
bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and such other offices
as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Joseph Mitchell Magen, William Welser
IV and Garry Richard Stein are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules.
Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Officer
and Director Compensation 

None
of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. On September 2, 2021, our sponsor issued to each of our
five directors and executive officers a service member membership interest in the sponsor in consideration for services to be provided
to the sponsor and/or us characterized as corresponding to a ratable share of the Company s Class B common stock held by the sponsor
that will entitle him, if a business combination of the Company occurs, to receive distributions of those Class B shares, and/or the
proceeds of the sale of such shares pursuant to the terms of the sponsor s operating agreement. The ratable shares of Mr. Sobek,
Mr. Ma, Mr. Magen, Mr. Welser and Mr. Stein are, respectively, 115,000, 30,000, 20,000, 20,000 and 90,000 shares of the Company s
Class B common stock. 

36 

We
have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon
completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Except as set forth in the
preceding paragraph, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect
of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers or directors,
prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors or our or their
affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other
than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement
payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating
an initial business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or
members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination,
because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited
exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely
of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent
directors. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Joseph Mitchell Magen, William Welser IV and Garry Richard Stein serve
as members of our audit committee, and Garry Richard Stein chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable
SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Joseph Mitchell
Magen, William Welser IV and Garry Richard Stein meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule
10-A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. 

37 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that Garry Richard Stein qualifies as
an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We
adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm
 engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and
 establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited
 to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent
 registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent
 internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional
 authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken
 to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the
 independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC
 prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory
 or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published
 reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting
 standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Joseph Mitchell Magen, William Welser IV and Garry Richard Stein
serve as members of our compensation committee, and Joseph Mitchell Magen chairs the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing
standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent.
Joseph Mitchell Magen, William Welser IV and Garry Richard Stein are independent. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which
details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Co-Chief Executive Officers compensation,
 if any is paid by us, evaluating our Co-Chief Executive Officers performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining
 and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Co-Chief Executive Officers based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
 on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

38 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if
 required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to our sponsor of 10,000 per month for up to 18 months, for the office space,
utilities, and secretarial and administrative support, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees,
will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services
they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation
of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation
arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director
Nominations 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required
to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend
a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily
carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
Our independent directors will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees. In accordance with Rule 5605
of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee
charter in place. 

The
board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are
seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders).
Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our
bylaws. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our stockholders. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit
and compensation committee charters as exhibits to the registration statement . You will be able to review these documents by accessing
our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge
upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report
on Form 8-K. 

39 

Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 

Compensation
Discussion and Analysis 

None
of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Other than the payment to our sponsor of 10,000 per
month described elsewhere in this Report, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee
or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or any affiliate of our sponsor,
officers, or directors prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial
business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers,
or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside
the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in
place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or
members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination,
because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The compensation committee has reviewed
and discussed this Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management and, based upon its review and discussions, the compensation
committee recommended to the board of directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Report. 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of February 28, 2023 by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

40 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement
warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Approximate Percentage of Outstanding common stock 
 
 5 Holders 

Vision Sensing LLC Dr. George Cho Yiu So (1) c/o Vision Sensing Acquisition Corp. 78 SW 7 th Street, Suite 500 Miami, FL 33130 
 472,700 
 4.46 
 2,530,000 
 100 
 22.88 
 
 Periscope Capital Inc. (2) 333 Bay Street, Suite 1240 Toronto, Ontario Canada M5H 2R2 
 793,597 
 7.49 

6.05 
 
 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (3) Boaz R. Weinstein Saba Capital Management GP, LLC 405 Lexington Ave., 58 th Floor New York, NY 10174 
 840,257 
 7.93 

6.40 
 
 Executive officers and directors 

George Peter Sobek (4) 
 0 
 0 
 115,000 
 4.55 

Hang Kon Louis Ma (5) 
 0 
 0 
 30,000 
 1.19 

Joseph Mitchell Magen (6) 
 0 
 0 
 20,000 
 0.79 

William Welser IV (7) 
 0 
 0 
 20,000 
 0.79 

Garry Richard Stein (8) 
 0 
 0 
 100,000 
 3,95 

All executive officers and directors as a group (five individuals) 
 0 
 0 
 285,000 
 11.26 
 2.17 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Vision
 Sensing LLC is VSAC s Sponsor. Its holdings include 472,700 shares of outstanding Class A common Stock and all 2,530,000 shares
 of outstanding Class B common stock, which are also referred to as founder shares. Founder shares are convertible into shares of
 Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. Dr. George Cho Yiu So is the manager and controlling member of
 Vision Sensing LLC and so could be deemed to be the beneficial owner of all of the shares held of record by Vision Sensing LLC. Dr.
 So, disclaims beneficial ownership of 1,814,181 of the shares of VSAC Class B common stock held by Vision Sensing LLC. 

(2) 
 A
 Schedule 13G dated February 13, 2023 states that Periscope Capital Inc. (Periscope) is the beneficial owner of 612,897 shares of
 outstanding Class A common stock and acts as investment manager of, and exercises investment discretion with respect to, certain
 private investment funds that collectively directly own 180,700 shares of outstanding Class A common stock. 

41 

(3) 
 A
 Schedule 13G/A dated February 14, 2023 states that Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Saba Capital Management
 GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Boaz R. Weinstein have entered into a Joint Filing Agreement, dated November 10,
 2021, pursuant to which the Reporting Persons have agreed to file the Schedule 13G and any subsequent amendments hereto jointly in
 accordance with the provisions of Rule 13d-1(k)(1) under the Act; that any disclosures herein with respect to persons other than
 the Reporting Persons are made on information and belief after making inquiry to the appropriate party; and that the filing of this
 statement should not be construed as an admission that any of the foregoing persons or the Reporting Persons is, for the purposes
 of Section 13 of the Act, the beneficial owner of the common stock reported herein. 

(4) 
 Mr.
 Sobek holds a service member membership interest in the Company s sponsor, Vision Sensing, LLC, which is characterized as corresponding
 to a ratable share of the Company s Class B common stock held by the sponsor and will entitle him, if a business combination
 of the Company occurs, to receive distributions of those Class B shares, and/or the proceeds of the sale of such shares pursuant
 to the terms of the sponsor s operating agreement. Mr. Sobek s ratable share is 115,000 shares of the Company s
 Class B common stock. 

(5) 
 Mr.
 Ma holds a service member membership interest in the Company s sponsor, Vision Sensing, LLC, which is characterized as corresponding
 to a ratable share of the Company s Class B common stock held by the sponsor and will entitle him, if a business combination
 of the Company occurs, to receive distributions of those Class B shares, and/or the proceeds of the sale of such shares pursuant
 to the terms of the sponsor s operating agreement. Mr. Ma s ratable share is 30,000 shares of the Company s Class
 B common stock. 

(6) 
 Mr.
 Magen holds a service member membership interest in the Company s sponsor, Vision Sensing, LLC, which is characterized as corresponding
 to a ratable share of the Company s Class B common stock held by the sponsor and will entitle him, if a business combination
 of the Company occurs, to receive distributions of those Class B shares, and/or the proceeds of the sale of such shares pursuant
 to the terms of the sponsor s operating agreement. Mr. Magen s ratable share is 20,000 shares of the Company s
 Class B common stock. 

(7) 
 Mr.
 Welser holds a service member membership interest in the Company s sponsor, Vision Sensing, LLC, which is characterized as
 corresponding to a ratable share of the Company s Class B common stock held by the sponsor and will entitle him, if a business
 combination of the Company occurs, to receive distributions of those Class B shares, and/or the proceeds of the sale of such shares
 pursuant to the terms of the sponsor s operating agreement. Mr. Welser s ratable share is 20,000 shares of the Company s
 Class B common stock. 

(8) 
 Mr.
 Stein holds a service member membership interest in the Company s sponsor, Vision Sensing, LLC, which is characterized as corresponding
 to a ratable share of the Company s Class B common stock held by the sponsor and will entitle him, if a business combination
 of the Company occurs, to receive distributions of those Class B shares, and/or the proceeds of the sale of such shares pursuant
 to the terms of the sponsor s operating agreement. Mr. Stein s ratable share is 90,000 shares of the Company s
 Class B common stock. Mr. Stein s wife similar holds a membership interest in the Company s sponsor, and her ratable
 share is 10,000 shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock. Her ratable share is included in the shares attributed to Mr.
 Stein; however, Mr. Stein disclaims beneficial ownership of his wife s shares. 

Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

On
September 2, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 2,530,000 founder shares (shares of our Class B common stock) to our sponsor for an aggregate
purchase price of 25,000 in cash, or approximately 0.01 per share. Also on September 2, 2021, our sponsor issued to each of our five
directors and executive officers a service member membership interest in the sponsor in consideration for services to be provided to
the sponsor and/or us characterized as corresponding to a ratable share of the Company s Class B common stock held by the sponsor
that will entitle him, if a business combination of the Company occurs, to receive distributions of those Class B shares, and/or the
proceeds of the sale of such shares pursuant to the terms of the sponsor s operating agreement. The ratable shares of Mr. Sobek,
Mr. Ma, Mr. Magen, Mr. Welser and Mr. Stein are, respectively, 115,000, 30,000, 20,000, 20,000 and 90,000 shares of the Company s
Class B common stock. 

42 

Simultaneously
with the closing of our IPO on November 3, 2021, we completed the private sale of 472,700 units (the Private Placement Units to our Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit (the Private Placement ), generating gross proceeds
to the Company of 4,727,000. Each Private Warrants is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share. The proceeds from
the Private Warrants were added to the proceeds from our initial public offering held in the trust account. A total of 102,718,000,
comprised of 101,200,000 of the proceeds from the IPO (which amount includes 3,542,000 of the underwriters deferred discount)
and 1,518,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Units, was placed in a U.S.-based trust account, maintained by Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as trustee. 

Commencing
on November 1, 2021, we agreed to pay our Sponsor, a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

No
compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan,
will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers or directors prior to, or in connection
with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our
behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee
will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will
determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

On
August 31, 2021, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. These loans are non-interest
bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of December 31, 2022, or the closing of the IPO. The promissory Note was fully repaid on
November 8, 2021. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest-bearing basis
as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial
business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned
amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into
units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The units would
be identical to the placement units. Other than as described above, the terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have
not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. On August 9, 2022, we issued a non-interest-bearing promissory
note to our sponsor for loans in the principal amount of up to 1,500,000, which is convertible into units as described above. The note
matures on the earlier to occur of the consummation of our initial business combination or the date of winding up of our business. As
of December 31, 2022, we had received total advances under this note in the principal amount of 1,345,900. 

We
issued two non-interest-bearing, unsecured promissory notes each in the principal amount of 1,012,000 to our sponsor on October 28,
2022 and February 2, 2023 to fund the two extensions to the deadline to complete our initial business combination as described above
under the heading Extensions in Item 1 of Part 1 of this report. The notes mature on the earlier to occur of the consummation
of our initial business combination or the date of winding up of our business. These notes are not convertible into units. 

We
do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will
be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

43 

The
holders of the founder shares, placement units, and units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and in each case
holders of their component securities, as applicable) will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities
held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the IPO. These holders will
be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale under the
Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have piggy-back registration rights to include their securities in other
registration statements filed by us. 

We
have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification
provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer or director who at the request of the company is or was serving
as a director or officer of, or in any other capacity is or was acting for, another company or a partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise, against any liability asserted against the person and incurred by the person in that capacity, whether or not the company
has or would have had the power to indemnify the person against the liability as provided in the amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers
and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations
to indemnify our officers and directors. 

Related
Party Policy 

We
have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions
approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under
our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any
indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. We have filed a copy of our code of ethics with the SEC and a copy
is available on our website. You are able to review our code of ethics by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at
www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the code of ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any
amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our code of ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K 

In
addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we have adopted, is responsible for reviewing and approving related
party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit
committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority
of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the
members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. We have filed a copy of our audit committee charter
with the SEC and a copy is available on our website. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors 
and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

Item
 14 . 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services. 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Adeptus Partners LLC Adeptus ), for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees . For the period from August 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, fees for our independent registered public accounting
firm were approximately 172,500, for the services Adeptus performed in connection with our Initial Public Offering, review of the financial
information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and the audit of our December 31, 2022 financial statements included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Audit-Related
Fees. For the period from August 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, our independent registered public accounting firm
did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. 

Tax
Fees . For the period from August 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, our independent registered public accounting firm
did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All
Other Fees . For the period from August 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, there were no fees billed for products and
services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

44 

PART
IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 3686) 
 F-1 
 
 Balance Sheet 
 F-2 
 
 Statement of Operations 
 F-3 
 
 Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-4 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-6
 - F-17 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statements Schedule 

All
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required
information is presented in the financial statements and notes beginning on F-1 on this Report. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C.
20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C.
20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement. (2) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement dated August 30, 2022 by and among Newsight Imaging Ltd., Newsight Merger Sub, Inc. and the Company. (3) 
 
 2.1.1 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement dated January 19, 2023 by and among Newsight Imaging Ltd., Newsight Merger Sub, Inc. and the Company. 
 
 2.1.2 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Business Combination Agreement dated January 29, 2023 by and among Newsight Imaging Ltd., Newsight Merger Sub, Inc. and the Company. (4) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (2) 
 
 3.3 
 
 By Laws. (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (2) 
 
 4.4.1 
 
 Form of Assignment, Assumption and Amendment to Warrant Agreement to be entered into at the closing of the transactions contemplated in Exhibit 2.1 by and among Newsight Imaging Ltd., the Company and Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company. (3) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, among the Company, its officers and directors and the Company s sponsor, Vision Sensing LLC. (2) 
 
 10.1.1 
 
 Form of First Amendment to Letter Agreement to be entered into at the closing of the transactions contemplated in Exhibit 2.1 by and among Newsight Imaging Ltd., the Company, Vision Sensing LLC and the Insiders party thereto. (3) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, issued to Vision Sensing LLC (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated November 1, 2021, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. (2) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, between the Registrant and certain securityholders. (2) 
 
 10.4.1 
 
 Form of First Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement to be entered into at the closing of the transactions contemplated in Exhibit 2.1 by and among Newsight Imaging Ltd., the Company and Vision Sensing LLC. (3) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement between the Registrant and Vision Sensing LLC. (1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Placement Unit Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and Vision Sensing LLC. (2) 
 
 10.7.1 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Placement Unit Purchase Agreement dated February 10, 2023 by and between the Company and Vision Sensing, LLC. 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Administrative Agreement by and between the Registrant and Vision Sensing, LLC. (2) 

45 

10.11 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement dated August 30, 2022, by and among Vision Sensing Acquisition Corp., Newsight Imaging Ltd., and the shareholders of Newsight Imaging Ltd. party thereto. (3) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Voting and Support Agreement dated August 30, 2022 by and among Newsight Imaging Ltd., the Company and the shareholders of Newsight Imaging Ltd. party thereto. (3) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Sponsor Voting Agreement, dated August 30, 2022, by and among Vision Sensing LLC, Vision Sensing Acquisition Corp. and Newsight Imaging Ltd. (3) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement to be entered into at the closing of the transactions contemplated in Exhibit 2.1 by and between Newsight Imaging Ltd. and certain of its executive officers. (3) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement Amendment to be entered into at the closing of the transactions contemplated in Exhibit 2.1 by and between Newsight Imaging Ltd. and certain of its shareholders. (3) 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 
 
 (1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form S-1, filed with the SEC on October 12, 2021. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 3, 2021. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 30, 2023. 

46 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March
 24, 2023 
 Vision
 Sensing Acquisition Corp. 

By: 
 /s/
 George Peter Sobek 

Name: 
 George
 Peter Sobek 

Title: 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 George Peter Sobek 
 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 George
 Peter Sobek 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Hang Kon Louis Ma 
 
 Director,
 Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Hang
 Kon Louis Ma 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Joseph Mitchell Magen 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Joseph
 Mitchell Magen 

/s/
 William Welser IV 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 William
 Welser IV 

/s/
 Garry Richard Stein 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 24, 2023 
 
 Garry
 Richard Stein 

47 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of Vision Sensing Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Vision Sensing Acquisition
Corp. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit,
and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period of August 13, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, and the related
notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period of August 13, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
 Adeptus Partners, LLC 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 24, 2023 
 
 PCAOB ID: 

F- 1 

Vision
Sensing Acquisition Corp. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Other receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expense 

Total Current Assets 

Cash and Marketable Securities held in trust account 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 
 - 

Account payables 

Working capital loan 
 
 - 
 
 Extension loan 

Income tax payable 

Franchise tax payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriter commission 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption; 
 shares (at 
 per share at December 31, 2022 and per share at December 31, 2021) 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, value 

Additional paid-in capital 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities, Redeemable Class A Common Stock and Stockholders Deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 2 

Vision
Sensing Acquisition Corp. 

 STATEMENT
OF OPERATIONS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from August 13, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 

Formation and operating costs 

Franchise Tax 

Loss from Operations 

Other Income (Expenses) 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in trust account 

Net Income (loss) before income tax 

Income tax 
 
 - 
 
 Net Income (loss) 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common stock 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common stock 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 3 

Vision
Sensing Acquisition Corp. 

 STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 13, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance December 31, 2021 

- 

Beginning balance, value 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Additional amount deposited into trust per common stock subject to possible redemption) 

Balance December 31, 2022 

- 

Ending balance, value 

- 

Class A 
 Common Stock 
 Class B 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance - August 13, 2021 (inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Beginning
 balance value 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of Class B Common stock to Sponsor 
 - 
 - 

- 

Sale of Units in Initial Public Offering, net of offering costs 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Sale of Private Placement Units 

- 
 - 

Deferred underwriting commission 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Re-classification 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance December 31, 2021 

- 

Ending
 balance value 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 4 

Vision
Sensing Acquisition Corp. 

 STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 13, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

For
 the Year Ended December
 31, 2022 
 For
 the Period from
 August 13, 2021
 (Inception) through December
 31, 2021 
 
 Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest
 earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Accounts
 payable and accrued offering costs 

Accrued
 expenses 

Franchise
 tax payable 

Income
 tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Other
 receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Interest
 withdraw from Trust Account 

Investment
 of cash in Trust Account 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Working
 capital loan 
 
 - 
 
 Extension
 loan 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 
 - 

Proceeds
 from sale of Units, net of underwriting discount paid 
 - 

Proceeds
 from sale of private placement units 
 - 

Payment
 of offering costs 
 - 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net
 change in cash 

Cash
 at the beginning of the period 
 
 - 
 
 Cash
 at the end of the period 

Supplemental
 disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred
 underwriting fee payable 
 - 

Initial
 Classification of Class A common stock subject to redemption 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 5 

VISION
SENSING ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

units (the Units and, with respect to
the Class A common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross
proceeds of , and incurring offering costs of of which was for deferred underwriting commissions (which
amount includes deferred underwriting commissions attributable to the exercise of the underwriters election of their over-allotment
option, as described below) (see Note 6). The Company granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 
Units at the Initial Public Offering price to cover over-allotments. 

Simultaneously
with the consummation of the closing of the Offering, the Company consummated the private placement of an aggregate of units
(the Private Placement Units to Vision Sensing LLC, the sponsor of the Company (the Sponsor ), at a price
of per Private Placement Unit, generating total gross proceeds of (the Private Placement (see Note 4). 

Additionally,
on November 3, 2021, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of additional units at a price of per unit (the
 Units upon receiving notice of the underwriters election to fully exercise their overallotment option Overallotment
Units ), generating additional gross proceeds of and incurred additional offering costs of in underwriting
fees. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value per share Class A Common Stock ),
and three-quarters of one redeemable warrant of the Company Warrant ), with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof
to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock for per share, subject to adjustment, pursuant to the Company s registration
statement on Form S-1. 

Simultaneously
with the exercise of the overallotment, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an additional Private Placement Units
to Vision Sensing LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of . 

A
total of , comprised of the proceeds from the Offering and the proceeds of private placements that each closed on November
3, 2021, net of the underwriting commissions, discounts, and offering expenses, was deposited in a trust account Trust Account which may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company
that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the
Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account to the Company s
stockholders, as described below. 

VISION
SENSING ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
1 Description of Organization and Business Operations (Continued) 

Transaction
costs of the Initial Public Offering with the exercise of the overallotment amounted to consisting of of cash underwriting
fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other costs. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering and full exercise of underwriter s over-allotment option, of cash was held
outside of the Trust Account available for working capital purposes. As of December 31, 2022, we have available to us of cash
on our balance sheet and a working capital deficit of . 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. NASDAQ rules provide that the Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have
a fair market value equal to at least of the balance in the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of a definitive agreement to enter a Business Combination.
The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect
a Business Combination. 

On
August 30, 2022, the Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the Business Combination Agreement with Newsight
Imaging Ltd., an Israeli company Newsight ), and Newsight MergerSub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary
of Newsight Merger Sub ). 

Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, at the closing (the Closing of the transactions contemplated thereunder (collectively,
the Transactions ), and following the Recapitalization and the PIPE Investment (as each such term is defined and described
in the Business Combination Agreement), (i) Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving
entity and a wholly owned subsidiary of Newsight (the Merger (ii) the common stock of the Company (including Class A
common stock and Class B common stock) will be converted into ordinary shares of Newsight Newsight Ordinary Shares on
a one-for-one basis; (iii) warrants to purchase the Company s common stock will instead become eligible to purchase the same number
of Newsight Ordinary Shares at the same exercise price and for the same exercise period; (iv) the Company will become a wholly owned
subsidiary of Newsight; and (v) the Company will change its corporate name to Newsight HoldCo, Inc., and will have a restated certificate
of incorporation appropriate for a private corporation. 

Prior
to the Closing, but subject to the completion of the Closing, Newsight will effect a recapitalization of its outstanding equity securities
(the Recapitalization so that the only class of outstanding equity of Newsight will be the Newsight Ordinary Shares (and
certain options and warrants that are exercisable for Newsight Ordinary Shares). To effect the Recapitalization, (i) Newsight will effect
a recapitalization of the Newsight Ordinary Shares so that the holders of the then outstanding Newsight Ordinary Shares will have shares
valued at per share having a total value of ; and (ii) with respect to outstanding options to purchase Newsight Ordinary
Shares, the number of Newsight Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of such security will be multiplied by the Conversion Ratio, as
defined in the Business Combination Agreement, and the exercise price of such security will be divided by the Conversion Ratio. The Business
Combination Agreement does not provide for any post-closing purchase price adjustments. 

The
Business Combination Agreement and related agreements are further described in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September
6, 2022. 

VISION
SENSING ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
1 Description of Organization and Business Operations (Continued) 

The
Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting
called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. In connection with a proposed Business Combination, the
Company may seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to
redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against a Business Combination. The Company will proceed with a Business
Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least either immediately prior to or upon such consummation
of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor
of the Business Combination. 

The
Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we have up to 12 months from the closing of our IPO,
or until November 3, 2022, to consummate an initial business combination; however, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate
a Business Combination within 12 months, we may, by resolution of our board of directors if requested by our sponsor, extend the period
of time to consummate a Business Combination up to two times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months, or
until May 3, 2023), subject to our sponsor depositing additional funds into the trust account. On October 28, 2022, at the request of
our sponsor, our board of directors extended the period of time to consummate by a Business Combination to February 3, 2023, our sponsor
deposited (representing per public unit sold in our initial public offering) into the trust account, and we issued to
our sponsor a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note in that amount. If we do not complete the Business Combination with Newsight
or another business combination by November 3, 2022 (which can be extended to May 3, 2023 if our sponsor deposits an additional 
into the trust account for such extension or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders in an amendment to our certificate
of incorporation), then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the Trust Account. 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination with Newsight or another Business Combination by February 3, 2023 (which can
be extended to May 3, 2023 if our sponsor deposits an additional into the trust account for such extension or such later date
as may be approved by the Company s stockholders in accordance with the Company s certificate of incorporation), the Company
will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less
up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to
our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is
our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following February 3, 2023 (or May 3, 2023 if our sponsor at
the request of our board of directors deposits an additional per unit) into the Trust Account, or as extended by the
Company s stockholders in accordance with our certificate of incorporation) and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those
procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but
no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

VISION
SENSING ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
1 Description of Organization and Business Operations (Continued) 

Liquidity
and Management s Plans 

Prior
to the completion of the Initial Public Offering, the Company lacked the liquidity it needed to sustain operations for a reasonable period
of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. The Company has since completed its Initial
Public Offering at which time capital in excess of the funds deposited in the Trust Account and/or used to fund offering expenses was
released to the Company for general working capital purposes. Accordingly, management has since re-evaluated the Company s liquidity
and financial condition and determined that sufficient capital exists to sustain operations through the earlier of the consummation of
a Business Combination or one year from this filing and therefore substantial doubt has been alleviated. There is no assurance that the
Company s plans to consummate an initial Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Risks
and Uncertainties 

Management
is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could
have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific
impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statement. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Additionally,
as a result of the military action commenced in February 2022 by the Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine and related
economic sanctions, the Company s ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which
the Company ultimately consummates a Business Combination, may be materially and adversely affected. Further, the Company s ability
to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by these events,
including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms
acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy and the specific impact on
the Company s financial position, results of operations and/or ability to consummate a Business Combination are not yet determinable.
The condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

VISION
SENSING ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

in cash and cash equivalents as of December
31, 2022. 

VISION
SENSING ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

. 

unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company
is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its
position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. 

The
provision for income taxes was for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

or any greater net
tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to the initial Business Combination either immediately
prior to or upon consummation of the initial Business Combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions. However,
the threshold in its charter would not change the nature of the underlying shares as redeemable and thus public shares would be required
to be disclosed outside of permanent equity. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts
the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value per share) at the end of each reporting period. Such
changes are reflected in additional paid-in capital, or in the absence of additional capital, in accumulated deficit. 

On
December 31, 2022, shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding are subject to possible redemption. 

VISION
SENSING ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

. On December 31, 2022, the Company had not experienced
losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. The cash at bank is 
as of December 31, 2022. 

Denominator: weighted average number of Class A common stock 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per redeemable Class A common stock 

Class B common stock 

Numerator: net income (loss) allocable to non-redeemable Class B common stock 

Denominator: weighted average number of Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per Class B common stock 

VISION
SENSING ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Units at a purchase price of per Unit generating gross proceeds to
the Company in the amount of . Each Unit consists of one ordinary share and three-quarters of one redeemable warrant Public
Warrant ). per whole share. 

units (the Private Placement Units to Vision Sensing LLC (the Sponsor at a purchase
price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . 

A
portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Units was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust
Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable
law) and the Private Placement Units will be worthless. 

The
Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be
transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of an Initial Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions. 

VISION
SENSING ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

of the Company s Class B common stock (the Founder Shares in exchange for . The number of Founder Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, approximately 20 of the Company s
issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Initial Public Offering. The Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture
due to full exercise of the over-allotment by the underwriter. 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On
August 31, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which
the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of . 

Related
Party Loans 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor extended to us a line of credit of up to 
pursuant to a Convertible Promissory Note dated August 9, 2022 Sponsor Working Capital Loan ). Such Sponsor Working Capital
Loan is to either be repaid upon the consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the Sponsor s discretion,
up converted upon consummation of a Business Combination into additional Placement Units at a price of per Unit. In the event
that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Sponsor Working
Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Sponsor Working Capital Loans. As of December 31,
2022, the amount under the Sponsor Working Capital Loan was . 

Newsight
Bridge Financing 

In
connection with our entry into the Business Combination Agreement, we agreed to provide Newsight with up to million of bridge financing
to fund Newsight s transaction expenses in certain circumstances and subject to certain conditions in respect of the amount of
funding of Newsight. Dr. George Cho Yiu So, a principal of our Sponsor and a director of Newsight and an indirect beneficial owner of
 of Newsight s outstanding shares, has agreed to loan such funds to us on substantially identical terms in order to fund our
obligation to make advances to Newsight. On November 4, 2022, Dr. So advanced to us, which we in turn advanced to Newsight. 

Sponsor
Funding of Trust Account 

In
order to fund the trust to the required level, the Sponsor has deposited into the trust account. 

VISION
SENSING ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
5 Related Party Transactions (Continued) 

Administrative
Support Agreement 

Commencing
on the date the Units are first listed on the Nasdaq, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office
space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support for up to 18 months. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination
or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the period August 13, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2022, of expense was recorded and included in formation and operating costs in the statement of operations. 

additional Units
to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. 

The
underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate (or in the aggregate
if the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full), payable upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In
addition, the underwriters were entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or in the aggregate (or in the aggregate
if the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full). The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from
the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of
the underwriting agreement. 

On
November 3, 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional Option Units pursuant to the exercise of the over-allotment option.
The Option Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of . 

VISION
SENSING ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with
such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. As of December
31, 2022, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Class
A Common Stock Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the Company to issue 
shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding. 

Class
B Common stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of 
per share. As at December 31, 2022 there
were shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

Only
holders of the Class B common stock will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders
of Class A common stock and holders of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of
our shareholders except as otherwise required by law. In connection with our initial business combination, we may enter into a shareholders
agreement or other arrangements with the shareholders of the target or other investors to provide for voting or other corporate governance
arrangements that differ from those in effect upon completion of this offering. 

The
shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of a Business Combination, or earlier
at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock,
or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to
the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common
stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment
with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of
all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all
shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked
securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination (net of the number of shares of Class A common stock redeemed
in connection with a Business Combination), excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any seller of an interest
in the target to us in a Business Combination. 

Warrants
 Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of
the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion
of a Business Combination and (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years
after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The
Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class
A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A
common stock is available, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from
registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue
any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified
under the securities laws of the state of residence of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. 

VISION
SENSING ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Note
7 Stockholders Equity (Continued) 

The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of a Business Combination,
the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within 60 business days following a Business Combination to have
declared effective, a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the
warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed.
Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities
exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the
Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to
file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares
under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption
of Warrants When the Price per Share of Class A Common Stock Equals or Exceeds Once the warrants become exercisable, the
Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 

in
 whole and not in part; 

at
 a price of per Public Warrant; 

upon
 a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if,
 and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
 stock dividends, reorganization, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on
 the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to warrant holders. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register
or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, as described above, its management will have the option to require any holder that
wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise
price and number of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in
the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as
described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally,
in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive
any of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held
outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. 

The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering except that,
so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees, they (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after
the completion of our initial Business Combination and will be entitled to the registration rights described above in Note 6. 

(representing per public
share) into the Company s trust account on October 28, 2022 and we issued to our sponsor a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory
note in that amount. 

As
further described in Note 5, in connection with our entry into the Business Combination Agreement, we agreed to provide Newsight with
up to million of bridge financing to fund Newsight s transaction expenses in certain circumstances and subject to certain conditions
in respect of the amount of funding of Newsight. Dr. George Cho Yiu So, a principal of our Sponsor and a director of Newsight and an
indirect beneficial owner of of Newsight s outstanding shares, has agreed to loan such funds to us on substantially identical
terms in order to fund our obligation to make advances to Newsight. On November 4, 2022, Dr. So advanced to us, which we in
turn advanced to Newsight. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C.
20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C.
20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

F- 17 

<EX-2.1_1>
 2
 ex2-1_1.htm

Exhibit
2.1.1 

AMENDMENT
NO. 1 TO 

 BUSINESS
COMBINATION AGREEMENT 

This
Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement (this Amendment is made and entered into as of January
19, 2023 by and among (i) Newsight Imaging Ltd., an Israeli company (the Company ), (ii) Newsight MergerSub,
Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), and (iii) Vision Sensing
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation VSAC ). The Company, Merger Sub and VSAC are each sometimes referred
to herein individually as a Party and, collectively, as the Parties . 

WHEREAS ,
the Company, Merger Sub and VSAC are parties to that certain Business Combination Agreement dated as of August 30, 2022 (the Original
Agreement ), and the Company, Merger Sub and VSAC desire to amend the Original Agreement as set forth below; 

NOW
THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth in
this Agreement and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Company, Merger Sub and VSAC agree as follows: 

1. 
 Definitions .
 Capitalized terms used in this Amendment and not otherwise defined in this Amendment have the meanings ascribed to such terms in
 the Original Agreement. From and after the date of the Amendment, references to the Agreement shall mean the Original Agreement as
 amended by this Amendment. 

2. 
 Amendment
 Article 40.1(a) of Exhibit H to the Original Agreement . Article 40.1(a) of Exhibit H of the Original Agreement is hereby deleted
 and replaced in its entirety with the following new Article 40.1(a): 

(a) 
 the
 federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting
 a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933 as amended, or Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in each case
 including against any person or entity, including such claims brought against the Company, its directors, officers, employees, advisors,
 attorneys, accountants or underwriters; 

3. 
 No
 other Amendments . The Original Agreement remains in full force and effect and is unamended except as explicitly set forth in
 this Amendment. 

4. 
 Governing
 Law . This Amendment shall be deemed to have been executed and to be performed within the State of New York, and all claims or
 causes of action based upon, arising out of, or related to this Amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby, shall be governed
 by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to principles or rules of conflict
 of Laws to the extent such principles or rules would require or permit the application of Laws of another jurisdiction. 

5. 
 Counterparts;
 Electronic Execution . This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original,
 but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The words execution, execute, 
 signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to this Amendment (including, without limitation,
 any related amendments, waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment
 terms and contract formations on electronic platforms complying with applicable Law, or the keeping of records in electronic form,
 each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based
 recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic
 Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the Delaware Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures
 and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

Signatures
on following page. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, each Party hereto has caused this Amendment to be signed and delivered by its respective duly authorized officer as
of the date first written above. 

VSAC: 

VISION
 SENSING ACQUISITION CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 George Sobek 

Name: 
 George
 Sobek 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

The
 Company: 

NEWSIGHT
 IMAGING LTD. 

By: 
 /s/
 Eli Assoolin 

Name: 
 Eli
 Assoolin 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Merger
 Sub : 

NEWSIGHT
 MERGERSUB, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Eli Assoolin 

Name: 
 Eli
 Assoolin 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Signature
page to Amendment No. 1 to 

 Newsight-VSAC
Business Combination Agreement 

</EX-2.1_1>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit
4.5 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION1 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

The
following summary of the registered securities of Vision Sensing Acquisition Corp. does not purport to be complete and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to our certificate of incorporation, as amended and bylaws, each of which are incorporated by reference as
an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit is a part, and certain provisions of Delaware law. Unless the context
requires otherwise, all references to the Company, we, our, and us in this Exhibit
refer to Vision Sensing Acquisition Corp. 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of Class A common
stock, 0.0001 par value, (the Class A Common Stock ), 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001
par value, (the Class B Common Stock and together with the Class A Common Stock, the Common
Stock and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value. 

Units 

In
our initial public offering, which closed on November 3, 2021 (our IPO ), we issued 10,120,000 units (the
 Units ), including 1,320,000 Units issued pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment
option. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A Common Stock, and three-quarters of one redeemable warrant of the Company (the Warrant ),
with each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share. The
Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 101,200,000. 

Placement
Units 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, pursuant to a placement unit purchase agreement dated November 1, 2021 between the Company and the Sponsor
(the Placement Unit Purchase Agreement ), the Company completed the private sale of an aggregate of 427,700 units (the Placement
Units ), including 46,200 Placement Units issued pursuant to the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option
in full, to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 4,727,000. No
underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sale. The issuance of the Placement Units was made pursuant to the
exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Placement Units are identical
to the Units sold in the IPO except that (a) the Placement Units and their component securities will not be transferable, assignable
or salable until 30 days after the consummation of our initial business combination except to permitted transferees and (b) the placement
warrants, so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees, will be entitled to registration rights. 

Common
Stock 

As
of March 20, 2023, there were 10,592,700 shares of Class A Common Stock (which number includes 728,885 shares in unseparated units) and
2,530,000 shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

All
of the shares of Class B Common Stock are held by our Sponsor, and those shares of Class B Common Stock plus the 427,700 shares of Class
A Common Stock included in the Placement Units (which are held by our Sponsor) constitute approximately 22.6 of the issued and outstanding
common stock. 

Common
stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class
A Common Stock and holders of the Class B Common Stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our
stockholders, except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required
by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock
that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors is divided into three classes,
each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no
cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for
the election of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if
declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, if
we were to enter into an initial business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such an initial business combination) be required
to increase the number of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on
the initial business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year
after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold
an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made
by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting.
Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they
may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c)
of the DGCL. 

We
will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial
business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of
two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations
described herein. A total of 102,718,000, approximately 10.15 per public share, comprised of the proceeds from the IPO after offering
expenses and the proceeds of the sale of the Placement Units, was deposited in the trust account at the time of the IPO. The per-share
amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions
we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors entered into a letter agreement with us on November 1, 2021, pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and placement shares and any public shares
held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder
votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of
public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by applicable law or stock
exchange requirements, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other
legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation requires these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other
information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however,
a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a
proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial
business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital
stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to
vote at such meeting. The underwriters will have the same redemption rights as a public stockholder with respect to any public shares
it acquires. The representative has informed us that it has no current commitments, plans or intentions to acquire any public shares
for its own account; however, if they do acquire public shares, it will do so in the ordinary course of business. The underwriters will
not make any such purchases when in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller, during a restricted
period under Regulation M under the Exchange Act, in transactions that would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10(b)-5 under the Exchange
Act, or if prohibited by applicable state securities laws or broker-dealer regulations. To the extent our initial stockholders or purchasers
of placement units transfer any of these securities to certain permitted transferees, such permitted transferees will agree, as a condition
to such transfer, to waive these same redemption rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for
a vote, our sponsor, the other initial stockholders, our officers and our directors have agreed to vote their respective founder shares,
placement shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. 

The
participation of our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the
approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote,
against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted,
non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately
30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall
be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders,
may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15 of the shares of common stock sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares . However, we
would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial
business combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete
our initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares
on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we
complete the initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding
15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If
we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, pursuant to the letter agreement our sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares and placement shares held by them and any public shares they may acquire during
or after the IPO (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. Each
public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction (subject
to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph). 

Pursuant
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 12 months
(or up to 18 months, if we extend the time to complete a business combination) from the closing of the IPO, we will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to
lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to
pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. Our sponsor, officers, directors hand director nominees entered into a letter agreement with us on November 1, 2021, pursuant to
which they agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares and placement
shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months (or up to 18 months, if we extend the time
to complete a business combination) from the closing of the IPO. However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares after the
IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled
to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made
for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights.
There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity
to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon
the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

Founder
Shares and Placement Shares 

The
founder shares and placement shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units sold in the IPO, and holders
of founder shares and placement shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares and
placement shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, (ii) our sponsor, officers, directors and director nominees entered into
a letter agreement with us on November 1, 2021, pursuant to which they agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any
founder shares and placement shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination,
(B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and placement shares and any public shares in connection with
a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (x) to modify the substance or timing
of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior
thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months (or up to 18 months,
if we extend the time to complete a business combination) from the closing of the IPO or (y) with respect to any other provision relating
to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within
12 months (or up to 18 months, if we extend the time to complete a business combination) from the closing of the IPO, although they will
be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our
initial business combination within such time period, (iii) the founder shares are shares of our Class B common stock that will automatically
convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination, on a one-for-one
basis, subject to adjustment as described herein, and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination
to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers, directors and director nominees will vote any founder shares and placement
shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions)
in favor of our initial business combination. The placement shares will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after
the consummation of our initial business combination except to permitted transferees. 

The
shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the consummation of our
initial business combination on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like), and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked
securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered and related to the closing of the initial business combination,
the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders
of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed
issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal,
in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon completion
of the IPO (excluding the placement units and underlying securities) plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities
issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued,
or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, any private placement-equivalent units and their underlying securities
issued to our sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to us). We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of
the holders of our Class B common stock at the time of any future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio.
They may waive such adjustment due to (but not limited to) the following: (i) closing conditions which are part of the agreement for
our initial business combination; (ii) negotiation with Class A stockholders on structuring an initial business combination; or (iii)
negotiation with parties providing financing which would trigger the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common stock. If such adjustment
is not waived, the issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common stock, but would reduce the percentage
ownership of holders of our Class A common stock. If such adjustment is waived, the issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of
holders of both classes of our common stock. The term equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities
that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock issues in a financing transaction in connection
with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. Securities could be deemed
issued for purposes of the conversion rate adjustment if such shares are issuable upon the conversion or exercise of convertible
securities, warrants or similar securities. 

With
certain limited exceptions, the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or saleable (except to our officers and directors and
other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier
to occur of: (A) six months after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination,
(x) if the reported last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period, or (y) the date
on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders
having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more
series. Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative,
participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares
of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights
that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects.
The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring
or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. 

Redeemable
Warrants 

Public
Stockholders Warrants 

Each
whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject
to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of the IPO and 30 days after the
completion of our initial business combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for
a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant
holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you
purchase at least four units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. 

The
warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common
stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations
described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A
common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified
or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that
the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will
not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to
net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of
a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying
such unit. 

We
have not registered the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, we have agreed that
as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use
our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of
the warrants, to cause such registration statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares
of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement
covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the
closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and
during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis 
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement
covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation
of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during
any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant
to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, provided that such exemption
is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis. 

Once
the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable (the 30-day redemption
period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing once
the warrants become exercisable and ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If
and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon
exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect
such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky
laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in the IPO. 

We
have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the
call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption
of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price
of the Class A common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If
we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise
its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a
 cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding
and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise
of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering
their warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and
the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose
shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior
to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, the
notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received
upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner
will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature
is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If
we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, our sponsor and its permitted transferees
would still be entitled to exercise their placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that
other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis, as described in more detail below. 

A
holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the
right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as
a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock,
or by a split-up of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up
or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each whole warrant will be increased in proportion
to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders
to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of
shares of Class A common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights
offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class
A common stock) and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering divided
by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class
A common stock, in determining the price payable for Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received
for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted
average price of Class A common stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first
date on which the shares of Class A common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the
right to receive such rights. 

In
addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities
or other assets to the holders of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital
stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial
business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our Class A common stock if we do not complete
our initial business combination within 12 months (or up to 18 months, if we extend the time to complete a business combination) from
the closing of the IPO or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination,
then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash
and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common stock in respect of such event. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification
of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock
split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased
in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

Whenever
the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant
exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the
numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior
to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately
thereafter 

In
case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above or
that solely affects the par value of such shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or
into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in
any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to
another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with
which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the
terms and conditions specified in the warrants, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash)
receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer,
that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. 

The
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant
agent, and us. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement, for
a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants
may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of
the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant, or defective provision, but requires the approval
by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests
of the registered holders of public warrants. 

In
addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with
such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance
to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and
interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business
combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be
adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per
share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The
warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number
of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting
rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common
stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be
voted on by stockholders. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive
a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock to
be issued to the warrant holder. 

We
have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the
warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action,
proceeding or claim. 

Placement
warrants 

Except
as described below, the placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of
the units in the IPO, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The placement warrants (including the Class
A common stock issuable upon exercise of the placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after
the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions to our officers and directors and other persons
or entities affiliated with our sponsor). 

In
addition, holders of our placement warrants are entitled to certain registration rights. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans
may be convertible into units, at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination.
The units would be identical to the placement units. However, as the units would not be issued until consummation of our initial business
combination, any warrants underlying such units would not be able to be voted on an amendment to the warrant agreement in connection
with such business combination. 

Our
sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of any of these warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination, except that, among
other limited exceptions 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our
Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The
transfer agent for our common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed
to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of
its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for
its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified
person or entity. 

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to the IPO that will apply
to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders
of at least 65 of our common stock. All of the shares of Class B Common Stock are held by our Sponsor, and those shares of Class B Common
Stock plus the 427,700 shares of Class A Common Stock included in the Placement Units (which are held by our Sponsor) constitute approximately
22.6 of the issued and outstanding common stock. Our Sponsor will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 12 months (or up to 18 months, if we extend the time to complete
a business combination) from the closing of the IPO, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the
public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to
pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and
our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof
to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

Although we do not intend to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our
directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of
independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly
renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for
business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange
Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially
the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation
14A of the Exchange Act; whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq, we will provide
our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above; 

So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business
combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the
deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive
agreement in connection with our initial business combination; 

If our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing
of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior
thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 month (or up to 18 months,
if we extend the time to complete a business combination) from the closing of the IPO or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating
to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In
addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares
unless our net tangible assets are at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination
and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions. 

Certain
Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

We
are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers upon completion of the IPO. This statute prevents
certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: 

a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A
 business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section
203 do not apply if: 

our board of directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date
of the transaction; 

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at
least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock;
or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized
at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting
stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors.
As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or
more annual meetings. 

Our
authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be
utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit
plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage
an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive
forum for certain lawsuits 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in
our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only
in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines
that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent
to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive
jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter
jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service
of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in
the application of law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and
to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over
all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result,
the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other
claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides
that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action
arising under the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as
to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules
and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits
brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Special
meeting of stockholders 

Our
bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief
Executive Officer or by our Chairman. 

Advance
notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations 

Our
bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election
as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s
notice will need to be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the
52nd day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual
meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply
with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders 
meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making
nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action
by written consent 

Subsequent
to the consummation of the offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly
called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with
respect to our Class B common stock. 

Classified
Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered three-year
terms. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by
resolution of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office
at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding
shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on
our board of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a
majority of our directors then in office. 

Class
B Common Stock Consent Right 

For
so long as any shares of Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders
of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any
provision our certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would
alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock.
Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without
prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders
of the outstanding Class B common stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take
such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted. 

Securities
Eligible for Future Sale 

As of March 20, 2023, there were 10,592,700 shares of Class A Common Stock
(which number includes 728,885 shares in unseparated units) and 2,530,000 shares of the Company s Class B Common Stock issued and
outstanding. Of these shares, the 10,120,000 sold in the IPO are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the
Securities Act, except for any shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All
of the remaining 2,530,000 founder shares, all 472,700 are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions
not involving a public offering, and the shares of Class B common stock and placement units (including component securities contained
therein) are subject to transfer restrictions. 

Rule
144 

Pursuant
to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months would be entitled
to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time
during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three
months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such
shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons
who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the
time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person
would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of shares of common stock then outstanding, which will equal 131,227 shares immediately after the IPO; or 

the average weekly reported trading volume of the common stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form
144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales
by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current
public information about us. 

Restrictions
on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Rule
144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell
companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to
this prohibition if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and materials required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding
12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form
8-K; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status
as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As
a result, our initial stockholders will be able to sell their founder shares and placement units (including component securities contained
therein), as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the founder shares, placement units (including component securities contained therein) and units (including securities contained
therein) that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise
of the placement warrants and any shares of Class A common stock and warrants (and underlying Class A common stock) that may be issued
upon conversion of the units issued as part of the working capital loans and Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the founder
shares, are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on the effective date of the IPO, requiring
us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A common stock). The
holders of the majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register
such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidated damages or other cash settlement
provisions resulting from delays in registering our securities. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any
such registration statements. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.7_1>
 4
 ex10-7_1.htm

Exhibit
10.7.1 

AMENDMENT
NO. 1 TO 

 PLACEMENT
UNIT PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This
Amendment No. 1 to Placement Unit Purchase Agreement (this Amendment is made as of February 10, 2023, by
and between Vision Sensing Acquisition Corp. , a Delaware corporation (the Company ), having its principal
place of business at 78 SW 7th Street Suite 500, Miami, FL 33130, and Vision Sensing LLC , a Delaware limited liability company
(the Subscriber ), having its principal place of business at 78 SW 7th Street Suite 500, Miami, FL 33130. 

WHEREAS ,
the Company and the Subscriber are parties to that certain Placement Unit Purchase Agreement dated November 1, 2021 (the Original
Agreement ), and the Company, and the Subscriber desire to amend the Original Agreement as set forth below; 

NOW
THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth in
this Amendment and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Company and the Subscriber hereby agree as follows: 

1. 
 Definitions .
 Capitalized terms used in this Amendment and not otherwise defined in this Amendment have the meanings ascribed to such terms in
 the Original Agreement. From and after the date of the Amendment, references to the Agreement shall mean the Original Agreement as
 amended by this Amendment. 

2. 
 Amendment
 Section 8.1 of the Original Agreement . Section 8.1 of the Original Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with
 the following new Section 8.1: 

8.1
 The Units and their component parts are substantially identical
to the units to be offered in the IPO except that: (i) the Units and component parts are subject to the transfer restrictions described
in the Insider Letter and (ii) the Units and component parts are being purchased pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act and will become freely tradable only after the expiration of the lockup described above in clause (i) and they
are registered pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement to be signed on or before the date of the Prospectus or an exemption from
registration is available. 

3. 
 No
 other Amendments . The Original Agreement remains in full force and effect and is unamended except as explicitly set forth in
 this Amendment. 

4. 
 Governing
 Law . This Amendment shall be deemed to have been executed and to be performed within the State of New York, and all claims or
 causes of action based upon, arising out of, or related to this Amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby, shall be governed
 by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to principles or rules of conflict
 of Laws to the extent such principles or rules would require or permit the application of Laws of another jurisdiction. 

5. 
 Counterparts;
 Electronic Execution . This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original,
 but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The words execution, execute, 
 signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to this Amendment (including, without limitation,
 any related amendments, waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment
 terms and contract formations on electronic platforms complying with applicable Law, or the keeping of records in electronic form,
 each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based
 recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic
 Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the Delaware Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures
 and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 

Signatures
on following page. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first set forth above. 

COMPANY: 

VISION
 SENSING ACQUISITION CORP. 

By:
 
 /s/
 George Peter Sobek 

Name: 
 George
 Peter Sobek 

Title: 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

SUBSCRIBER: 

VISION
 SENSING LLC 

By:
 
 /s/
 George Cho Yiu So 

Name: 
 George
 Cho Yiu So 

Title: 
 Managing
 Member 

Signature
Page to Amendment No. 1 to 

 Placement
Unit Purchase Agreement 

</EX-10.7_1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
George Peter Sobek, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Vision Sensing Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 (Paragraph
 omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 George Peter Sobek 

George
 Peter Sobek 

Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Hang Kon Louis Ma, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Vision Sensing Acquisition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 (Paragraph
 omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Hang Kon Louis Ma 

Hang
 Kon Louis Ma 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADDED BY 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Vision Sensing Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, George Peter Sobek, Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To
 my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
 of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
 March 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 George Peter Sobek 

George
 Peter Sobek 

Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADDED BY 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Vision Sensing Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Hang Kon Louis Ma, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To
 my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
 of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
 March 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Hang Kon Louis Ma 

Hang
 Kon Louis Ma 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 vsac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 vsac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 vsac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 vsac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

