<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1747068_0001747068-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23189588</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>363860</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2307888</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9659176</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3002447</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7046823</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001747068-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310112242
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001747068-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		124
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MetroCity Bankshares, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001747068
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				472528408
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39068
		FILM NUMBER:		23722310

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5114 BUFORD HIGHWAY
		CITY:			DORAVILLE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30340
		BUSINESS PHONE:		770-455-4989

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5114 BUFORD HIGHWAY
		CITY:			DORAVILLE
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30340

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001747068-23-000010.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 mcbs-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____ to _____. Commission File Number 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) 

 (Zip Code) 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each Exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 762(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b) . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates was million based upon the closing price of 20.31 as reported on Nasdaq on June 30, 2022. As of March 3, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein. Such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Table of Contents 
 METROCITY BANKSHARES, INC. 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I Item 1. Business 6 Item 1A. Risk Factors 23 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 38 Item 2. Properties 38 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 38 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 38 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 38 Item 6. [Reserved] 40 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 41 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 62 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 65 Item 9. Changes in Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 112 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 112 Item 9B. Other Information 113 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 113 Item 11. Executive Compensation 113 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 113 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 113 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 114 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 114 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 115 SIGNATURES 116 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and our financial performance. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as may, might, should, could, predict, potential, believe, expect, continue, will, anticipate, seek, estimate, intend, plan, strive, projection, goal, target, outlook, aim, would, annualized and outlook, or the negative version of those words or other comparable words or phrases of a future or forward-looking nature. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Accordingly, we caution you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, actual results may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. A number of important factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these forward-looking statements, including those factors discussed elsewhere in this annual report and the following: The impact of current and future economic and market conditions generally (including seasonality) and in the financial services industry, nationally and within our primary market areas, including the effects of inflationary pressures, changes in interest rates, slowdowns in economic growth, and the potential for high unemployment rates, as well as the financial stress on borrowers and changes to customer and client behavior (including the velocity of loan repayment) and credit risk as a result of the foregoing; changes in interest rate environment (including changes to the federal funds rate, the level and composition of deposits (as well as the cost of, and competition for, deposits), loan demand, liquidity and the values of loan collateral, securities and market fluctuations, and interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities), and competition in our markets may result in increased funding costs or reduced earning assets yields, thus reducing our margins and net interest income; the risk of inflation and interest rate increases resulting from monetary and fiscal stimulus responses, and the resulting effect of all of such items on our operations, liquidity and capital position, and on the financial condition of our borrowers and other customers; the risk that a future economic downturn and contraction could have a material adverse effect on our capital, financial condition, credit quality, results of operations and future growth; factors that can impact the performance of our loan portfolio, including real estate values and liquidity in our primary market areas, the financial health of our borrowers and the success of various projects that we finance; concentration of our loan portfolio in real estate loans; changes in the prices, values and sales volumes of commercial and residential real estate; weakness in the real estate market, including the secondary residential mortgage market, which can affect, among other things, the value of collateral securing mortgage loans, mortgage loan originations and delinquencies, profits on sales of mortgage loans, and the value of mortgage servicing rights; credit and lending risks associated with our construction and development, commercial real estate, commercial and industrial, residential real estate and Small Business Administration SBA loan portfolios; 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 negative impact in our mortgage banking services, including declines in our mortgage originations or profitability due to rising interest rates and increased competition and regulation, the Bank s or third party s failure to satisfy mortgage servicing obligations, loan modifications, the effects of judicial or regulatory requirements or guidance, and the possibility of the Bank being required to repurchase mortgage loans or indemnify buyers; our ability to attract sufficient loans that meet prudent credit standards, including in our construction and development, commercial and industrial and owner-occupied commercial real estate loan categories; our ability to attract and maintain business banking relationships with well-qualified businesses, real estate developers and investors with proven track records in our market areas; our ability to successfully manage our credit risk and the sufficiency of our allowance for loan losses ALL ), including the implementation of the Current Expected Credit Losses CECL model; the adequacy of our reserves (including ALL) and the appropriateness of our methodology for calculating such reserves; our ability to successfully execute our business strategy to achieve profitable growth; the concentration of our business within our geographic areas of operation and to the general Asian-American population within our primary market areas; our focus on small and mid-sized businesses; our ability to manage our growth; our ability to increase our operating efficiency; significant turbulence or a disruption in the capital or financial markets and the effect of a fall in stock market prices on our investment securities; liquidity issues, including fluctuations in the fair value and liquidity of the securities we hold for sale and our ability to raise additional capital, if necessary; failure to maintain adequate liquidity and regulatory capital and comply with evolving federal and state banking regulations; risks that our cost of funding could increase, in the event we are unable to continue to attract stable, low-cost deposits and reduce our cost of deposits; a large percentage of our deposits are attributable to a relatively small number of customers; inability of our risk management framework to effectively mitigate credit risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, price risk, compliance risk, operational risk, strategic risk and reputational risk; our ability to maintain expenses in line with current projections; the makeup of our asset mix and investments; external economic, political and/or market factors, such as changes in monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including the interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve, the possibility that the U.S. could default on its debt 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 obligations, inflation or deflation, changes in the demand for loans, and fluctuations in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits, which may have an adverse impact on our financial condition; uncertainty related to the transition away from the London Inter-bank Offered Rate LIBOR the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and related variants on our future consolidated financial condition and results of operations and the financial condition of our customers; the institution and outcome of litigation and other legal proceeding against us or to which we may become subject to ; the impact of recent and future legislative and regulatory changes; examinations by our regulatory authorities; continued or increasing competition from other financial institutions, credit unions, and non-bank financial services companies (including fintech companies), many of which are subject to different regulations than we are; challenges arising from unsuccessful attempts to expand into new geographic markets, products, or services; restraints on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to us, which could limit our liquidity; increased capital requirements imposed by banking regulators, which may require us to raise capital at a time when capital is not available on favorable terms or at all; a failure in the internal controls we have implemented to address the risks inherent to the business of banking; inaccuracies in our assumptions about future events, which could result in material differences between our financial projections and actual financial performance; changes in our management personnel or our inability to retain motivate and hire qualified management personnel; the dependence of our operating model on our ability to attract and retain experienced and talented bankers in each of our markets, which may be impacted as a result of labor shortages; our ability to identify and address cyber-security risks, fraud and systems errors; disruptions, security breaches, or other adverse events, failures or interruptions in, or attacks on, our information technology systems; disruptions, security breaches, or other adverse events affecting the third-party vendors who perform several of our critical processing functions; an inability to keep pace with the rate of technological advances due to a lack of resources to invest in new technologies; fraudulent and negligent acts by our clients, employees or vendors and our ability to identify and address such acts; risks related to potential acquisitions; 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 the impact of any claims or legal actions to which we may be subject, including any effect on our reputation; compliance with governmental and regulatory requirements, including the Dodd-Frank Act and others relating to banking, consumer protection, securities and tax matters, and our ability to maintain licenses required in connection with commercial mortgage origination, sale and servicing operations; changes in the scope and cost of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance and other coverage; changes in our accounting standards; changes in tariffs and trade barriers; changes in federal tax law or policy; the effects of war or other conflicts (including Russia s military action in Ukraine), acts of terrorism, acts of God, natural disasters, health emergencies, epidemics or pandemics, climate changes, or other catastrophic events that may affect general economic conditions; risks related to environmental, social and governance ESG strategies and initiatives, the scope and pace of which could alter the Company s reputation and shareholder, associate, customer and third-party affiliations; and other risks and factors identified in this Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section herein. 
 The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read together with the other cautionary statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Because of these risks and other uncertainties, our actual future results, performance or achievement, or industry results, may be materially different from the results indicated by the forward looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, our past results of operations are not necessarily indicative of our future results. You should not rely on any forward looking statements, which represent our beliefs, assumptions and estimates only as of the dates on which they were made, as predictions of future events. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. PART I Item 1. Business Our Company We are MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. (the Company ), a bank holding company incorporated in 2014 and headquartered in the Atlanta metropolitan area. We operate through our wholly-owned banking subsidiary, Metro City Bank, a Georgia state-chartered commercial bank that was founded in 2006 (the Bank ). We currently operate 19 full-service branch locations in multi-ethnic communities in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, New York, New Jersey, Texas and Virginia. As of December 31, 2022, we had total assets of 3.43 billion, total loans of 3.06 billion, total deposits of 2.67 billion and total shareholders equity of 349.4 million. We are a full-service commercial bank focused on delivering personalized service in an efficient and reliable manner to the small- to medium-sized businesses and individuals in our markets, predominantly Asian-American communities in growing metropolitan markets in the Eastern U.S. and Texas. We offer a suite of loan and deposit products tailored to meet the needs of the businesses and individuals already established in our communities, as well as first generation immigrants who desire to establish and grow their own businesses, purchase a home, or educate their children in the United States. Through our diverse and experienced management team and talented employees, we are able to speak the language of our customers and provide them with services and products in a culturally competent manner. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 We have successfully grown our franchise since our founding primarily through de novo branch openings in vibrant, diverse markets where we feel our banking products and services will be well-received. We have a proven track record of opening these new branches in a disciplined, cost efficient manner, without compromising the quality of our customer service or our profitability. Our consistent expansion efforts have given us the know-how and expertise to lower the cost of opening and operating de novo branches, allowing each of these branches to quickly become profitable. We believe that our culturally familiar approach to banking, our tailored lending products, our branch network located in attractive Asian-American communities, and our highly replicable growth model have laid the foundation for achieving sustainable, profitable growth. We completed an initial public offering of our common stock in October 2019 as an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol MCBS . Our Markets We are located primarily in the Atlanta metropolitan area with our headquarters in Doraville, Georgia. Our 19 full-service branch locations in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, New York, New Jersey, Texas and Virginia are located in growing multi-ethnic communities. Additionally, we continue to monitor attractive markets where we would like to expand our presence. Lending Activities We maintain a diversified loan portfolio based on the type of customer (i.e., businesses compared to individuals), type of loan product (e.g., construction and development loans, commercial real estate loans (both owner occupied and non-owner occupied), commercial and industrial loans, residential mortgage loans, SBA loans, etc.), geographic location and industries in which our business customers are engaged (e.g., retail, hospitality, etc.). We principally focus our lending activities on loans that we originate from borrowers located in our market areas. We seek to be the premier provider of lending products to the small to medium-sized businesses and individual borrowers in the communities that we serve. Lending activities primarily originate from the relationships and efforts of our bankers, with an emphasis on providing banking solutions tailored to meet our customers needs while maintaining our underwriting standards. The sections below discuss our general loan categories. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 our loan portfolio consisted of the following: 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Amount of Total Amount of Total Construction and Development 47,779 1.6 38,857 1.6 Commercial Real Estate 657,246 21.4 520,488 20.7 Commercial and Industrial 53,173 1.7 73,072 2.9 Residential Real Estate 2,306,915 75.3 1,879,012 74.8 Consumer and other 216 79 Gross loans 3,065,329 100.0 2,511,508 100.0 Less unearned income (9,640) (6,438) Total loans held for investment 3,055,689 2,505,070 Construction and Development Loans. Our construction and development loans are comprised of commercial construction and land acquisition and development construction loans. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding balance of our construction and development loans was 47.8 million, or 1.6 , of our total loan portfolio, compared to 38.9 million, or 1.6 , of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, 20.1 million, or 42.0 , of construction and development loans were for the construction of hotels and restaurants; 17.5 million, or 36.6 , were for the construction of physician s offices and nursing homes; 4.7 million, or 9.9 , were for the construction of office buildings and commercial rental properties; and the remaining 5.5 million, or 11.5 , were loans distributed amongst various industries and sectors. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Interest reserves are generally established on real estate construction loans. These loans carry a fixed interest rate and have maturities of less than 18 months. Our loan-to-value, or LTV, policy limit for our construction and development loans is 65 . The risks inherent in construction lending may affect adversely our results of operations. Such risks include, among other things, the possibility that contractors may fail to complete, or complete on a timely basis, construction of the relevant properties; substantial cost overruns in excess of original estimates and financing; market deterioration during construction; and lack of permanent take-out financing. Loans secured by such properties also involve additional risk because they have no operating history. Advances on construction loans are made relative to the overall percentage of completion on the project in an effort to remain adequately secured. We had no construction and development loans that were classified as nonaccrual as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Commercial Real Estate Loans. We offer commercial real estate loans collateralized by real estate, which may be owner occupied or non-owner occupied real estate. Commercial real estate loans made up 657.2 million, or 21.4 , of our total portfolio at December 31, 2022, compared to 520.5 million, or 20.7 , of our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, 589.0 million, or 89.6 , of our commercial real estate loans were secured by owner occupied properties and the remaining 68.2 million, or 10.4 , of loans in this category were secured by non-owner occupied properties. Within our commercial real estate loans, 241.7 million, or 36.8 , were to hotels and restaurants; 169.3 million, or 25.8 , were made to wholesalers or retailers; 123.7 million, or 18.8 , were to general service business; 67.0 million, or 10.2 , were to commercial rental properties; and the remaining 55.5 million, or 8.4 , were distributed amongst various sectors and industries. Commercial real estate lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts relative to our other lending products, and the repayment is dependent, in large part, on sufficient cash flow from the properties securing the loans. We believe our management team and board of directors has put in place comprehensive and robust underwriting guidelines, and takes a conservative approach to commercial real estate lending, focusing on what we believe to be high quality credits with low LTV ratios and income-producing properties with strong cash flow characteristics, and strong collateral profiles. We require our commercial real estate loans to be secured by what we believe to be well-managed property with adequate margins and we generally obtain a personal guarantee from responsible parties. Our commercial real estate loans are secured by a wide variety of property types, such as retail operations, hospitality, specialty service operations and warehouses for wholesale distribution. We originate both fixed-rate and adjustable-rate loans with terms up to 25 years. Fixed-rate loans have provisions which allow us to call the loan after three to five years. Adjustable-rate loans are generally based on the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate WSJPR or London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), and as of December 31, 2022, most of our loans were based on WSJPR. At December 31, 2022, approximately 25.2 of the commercial real estate loan portfolio consisted of fixed rate loans. Our conventional commercial real estate loans, or non-SBA guaranteed commercial real estate loans, carried a weighted average maturity of 6.71 years as of December 31, 2022. Non-SBA commercial real estate loan amounts generally do not exceed 65 of the lesser of the appraised value or the purchase price depending on the property appraisals we utilize. Our LTV policy limits are 85 for commercial real estate loans. In addition, we limit our lending on non-owner occupied commercial real estate to 100 of total bank capital. The total balance of commercial real estate loans on nonaccrual status was 4.9 million and 3.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Commercial and Industrial Loans. We provide a mix of variable and fixed rate commercial and industrial loans. Commercial and industrial loans represented 53.2 million, or 1.7 , of our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022, compared to 73.1 million, or 2.9 , of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2021. Included in commercial and industrial loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were PPP loans totaling 713,000 and 31.0 million, respectively. Excluding PPP loans, as of December 31, 2022, 22.0 million, or 42.0 , of our commercial and industrial loans were extended to businesses in warehousing, wholesale and retail trade; 12.4 million, or 23.7 , were loans made to hotels and restaurants; and the remaining 18.0 million, or 34.3 , of loans were distributed across various industries and sectors. We had approximately 136,000 and 152,000 of commercial and industrial loans on nonaccrual status as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Our commercial and industrial loans are typically made to small and medium-sized businesses for working capital needs, business expansions and for trade financing. We extend commercial business loans on an unsecured and secured basis advanced for working capital, accounts receivable and inventory financing, machinery and equipment purchases, and other business purposes. Generally, short-term loans have maturities ranging from six months to one year, and term loans have maturities ranging from five to ten years. Loans are generally intended to finance current transactions and typically provide for periodic principal payments, with interest payable monthly. Term loans generally provide for floating interest rates, with monthly payments of both principal and interest. Repayment of secured and unsecured commercial loans depends substantially on the borrower s underlying business, financial condition and cash flows, as well as the sufficiency of the collateral. Compared to real estate, the collateral may be more difficult to monitor, evaluate and sell. When the borrower is a corporation, partnership or other entity, we typically require personal guarantees from significant equity holders. Our LTV policy limits on commercial and industrial loans range from a maximum LTV of 75 when secured by new machinery and equipment down to 5 when only secured by leasehold improvements. We also provide trade finance-related services to our customers such as domestic and international letters of credit, international collection (documents against acceptance and documents against payment) and export advice. We issue standby letters of credit on behalf of our customers to facilitate trade and other financial guarantees. The Bank has a correspondent relationship with banks in Korea, China and India. All trade finance related services are denominated in U.S. currency and all facilities are fully collateralized with no foreign exchange or credit exposure. In general, commercial and industrial loans may involve increased credit risk and, therefore, typically yield a higher return. The increased risk in commercial and industrial loans derives from the expectation that such loans generally are serviced principally from the operations of the business, and those operations may not be successful. Any interruption or discontinuance of operating cash flows from the business, which may be influenced by events not under the control of the borrower such as economic events and changes in governmental regulations, including tariffs, could materially affect the ability of the borrower to repay the loan. In addition, the collateral securing commercial and industrial loans generally includes moveable property such as equipment and inventory, which may decline in value more rapidly than we anticipate exposing us to increased credit risk. As a result of these additional complexities, variables and risks, commercial and industrial loans require extensive monitoring and servicing. SBA Loans . A significant portion of our commercial real estate portfolio consists of SBA loans. Our SBA loans are typically made to retail businesses including, car wash stations, grocery stores, poultry farms, warehouses, convenience stores, hospitality and service businesses, car dealers, beauty supplies, restaurants, and beer, wine, and liquor stores for acquisition of business properties, working capital needs and business expansions. Our SBA loans are typically secured by commercial real estate and can have any maturity up to 25 years. Depending on the loan amount, each loan is typically guaranteed 75 to 90 by the SBA, with a maximum gross loan amount to any one small business borrower of 5 million and a maximum SBA guaranteed amount of 3.75 million. As of December 31, 2022, our commercial real estate SBA portfolio, net of any sold portions, totaled 269.8 million. This represents an increase of 55.5 million when compared to the December 31, 2021 balance of 214.3 million. Of the balance outstanding at December 31, 2022, 120.5 million, or 44.7 , of the loans in this portfolio carried an SBA guarantee while the remaining 149.3 million, or 55.3 , of the portfolio was unguaranteed. In addition, as part of our commercial and industrial loan product offering, we originate SBA loans to provide working capital and to finance inventory, equipment and machinery purchases and acquisitions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance of our commercial and industrial SBA loans was 34.5 million (includes PPP loans of 713,000) and 55.5 million (includes PPP loans of 31.0 million), respectively. Of the balance outstanding as of December 31, 2022, 17.3 million, or 50.3 , of our commercial and industrial SBA portfolio carried a guarantee from the SBA while the remaining 17.2 million, or 49.7 , of the portfolio was unguaranteed. We are willing to maintain higher LTVs on our SBA portfolio than the remainder of our commercial loans because the effect of the SBA guarantee is to lower overall risk. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 We retain the servicing rights on the sold portions of the SBA loans we originate. As of December 31, 2022, we serviced 465.1 million in SBA loans for others, a decrease of 77.9 million, or 14.3 , when compared to December 31, 2021. We recognized servicing income on SBA loans of 1.8 million, 5.9 million, and 6.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Residential Real Estate Loans. We originate mainly non-conforming residential mortgage loans through our branch network. During 2022, our primary loan products offered were 15-year and 30-year fixed rate products, as well as a five-year and ten-year hybrid adjustable rate mortgages which reprice annually after the initial term based on the weekly average of the one year constant maturity treasury (CMT) plus a fixed spread. Loans collateralized by single-family residential real estate generally are originated in amounts of no more than 65 of appraised value. In connection with such loans, we retain a valid first lien on real estate, obtain a title insurance policy that insures that the property is free from material encumbrances and require hazard insurance. Loan fees, interest rates and other provisions of mortgage loans are determined by us on the basis of our own pricing criteria and competitive market conditions. We take a comprehensive and conservative approach to our mortgage underwriting, allowing a maximum LTV ratio of 65 . As of December 31, 2022, we had 2.31 billion of residential real estate loans, representing 75.3 of our total loan portfolio compared to 1.88 billion, or 74.8 , of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2021. We had no residential mortgage loans held for sale as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Nonaccrual residential mortgage loans were 5.0 million and 4.9 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On occasion, we sell a portion of our non-conforming residential mortgage loans to third party investors. The loans are sold with no representation or warranties if the loan pays off early. During 2022, we originated 833.6 million of non-conforming residential mortgage loans and sold 94.9 million to our investors. During 2021, we originated 1.20 billion of non-conforming residential mortgage loans, but did not sell any loans to investors during this period. Residential mortgage loans held for sale are sold with the servicing rights retained by the Bank. As of December 31, 2022, the amount of residential mortgage loans serviced for others fell to 526.7 million representing a decrease of 81.5 million, or 13.4 , when compared to December 31, 2021. We recognized servicing income on residential mortgage loans of 561,000 (expense balance), 564,000 (expense balance), and 1.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The servicing income recognized is net of amortization of our mortgage servicing rights which caused the expense balance for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Consumer and Other Loans. These loans represent a very small portion of our overall portfolio and primarily consists of purchased auto loan pools, overdrafts, and consumer lines of credit. Consumer loans carry a greater amount of risk and collections are dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability and thus are more likely to be adversely affected by job loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy. Furthermore, the application of various federal and state laws may limit the amount which can be recovered on such loans. Other Products and Services We offer banking products and services that are competitively priced with a focus on convenience and accessibility. We offer a full suite of online banking solutions including access to account balances, online transfers, online bill payment and electronic delivery of customer statements, mobile banking solutions for iPhone and Android phones, including remote check deposit with mobile bill pay. We offer ATMs and banking by telephone, mail and personal appointment. We offer debit cards with no ATM surcharges or foreign ATM fees for checking customers, direct deposit, cashier s checks, as well as treasury management services, wire transfer services and automated clearing house ACH services. We offer a full array of commercial treasury management services designed to be competitive with banks of all sizes. Treasury management services include balance reporting (including current day and previous day activity), transfers between accounts, wire transfer initiation, ACH origination and stop payments. Cash management deposit products consist of remote deposit capture, positive pay, zero balance accounts and sweep accounts. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 We evaluate our services on an ongoing basis, and will add or remove services based upon the perceived needs and financial requirements of our customers, competitive factors and our financial and other capabilities. Future services may also be significantly influenced by improvements and developments in technology and evolving state and federal laws and regulations. Securities We manage our securities portfolio to balance the market and credit risks of our other assets and the Bank s liability structure, with a secondary focus of profitably deploying funds which are not needed to fulfill current loan demand, deposit redemptions or other liquidity purposes. Our investment portfolio is comprised primarily of U.S. government agency securities, mortgage-backed securities backed by government-sponsored entities, and taxable and tax exempt municipal securities. We also have equity securities that consist of our investment in a mutual fund that invests in high quality fixed income bonds, mainly government agency securities whose proceeds are designed to positively impact community development throughout the United States. The mutual fund focuses exclusively on providing affordable housing to low- and moderate-income borrowers and renters, including those in Majority Minority Census Tracts. Our investment policy is reviewed annually by our board of directors. Overall investment goals are established by our board of directors and members of our Asset-Liability Committee ALCO ). Day-to-day activities pertaining to the securities portfolio are conducted under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer. During its quarterly ALCO meetings, the committee reviews the Bank s investment portfolio for any significant changes or risks. We actively monitor our investments on an ongoing basis to identify any material changes in the securities. We also review our securities for potential other-than-temporary impairment at least quarterly. Deposits We offer traditional depository products, including checking, savings, money market and certificates of deposits, to individuals, businesses, municipalities and other entities through our branch network throughout our market areas. Deposits at the Bank are insured by the FDIC up to statutory limits. Our ability to gather deposits, particularly core deposits, is an important aspect of our business and we believe core deposits are a significant driver of value as a cost efficient and stable source of funding to support our growth. As of December 31, 2022, we had 2.67 billion of total deposits with a total weighted average deposit cost of 0.97 . Of our total deposits as of December 31, 2022, 761.7 million, or 28.6 , of total deposits were held in demand deposit accounts. As a bank focusing on successful businesses and their owners, many of our depositors choose to leave large deposits with us. We consider a deposit relationship to be core by considering the following factors: (i) relationships with us (as a director or shareholder); (ii) deposits within our market area; (iii) additional non-deposit services with us; (iv) electronic banking services with us; (v) active demand deposit account with us; (vi) loans; and (vii) longevity of the relationship with us. We calculate core deposits by adding demand and savings deposits plus time deposits less than 250,000 plus deposits that are over 250,000, if such depositors meet the relationship criteria listed above. As many of our customers have more than 250,000 on deposit with us, we believe that using this method reflects a more accurate assessment of our deposit base. As of December 31, 2022, 77.2 , or 2.06 billion, of our deposits were considered core deposits. While we are focused on growing our low-cost deposits, we also utilize brokered deposits, subject to certain limitations and requirements, as a source of funding to support our asset growth and augment the deposits generated from our branch network. Our level of brokered deposits varies from time to time depending on competitive interest rate conditions and other factors and tends to increase as a percentage of total deposits when the brokered deposits are less costly than issuing internet certificates of deposit or borrowing from the Federal Home Loan Bank. As of December 31, 2022, we had brokered deposits of 523.7 million compared to 425.1 million of brokered deposits at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, our fifteen largest depositor relationships, excluding brokered deposits, totaled 535.0 million, or 20.1 , of total deposits. Our deposits with directors and affiliated entities totaled 9.2 million for the same period. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Competition We operate in a highly competitive market. Competitors include other banks, credit unions, mortgage companies, personal and commercial financing companies, investment brokerage and advisory firms, mutual fund companies and insurance companies. Competitors range in both size and geographic footprint. We operate throughout Georgia and the Southeast, as well as New York, New Jersey, Texas, and Virginia. The Bank s competition includes not only other banks of comparable or larger size in the same markets, but also various other nonbank financial institutions, including savings and loan associations, credit unions, mortgage companies, personal and commercial financial companies, peer to peer lending businesses, fintech companies, investment brokerage and financial advisory firms and mutual fund companies. The Bank competes for deposits, commercial, fiduciary and investment services and various types of loans and other financial services. The Bank also competes for interest-bearing funds with a number of other financial intermediaries, including brokerage and insurance firms, as well as investment alternatives, including mutual funds, governmental and corporate bonds, and other securities. Continued consolidation and rapid technological changes within the financial services industry will likely change the nature and intensity of competition, but also will create opportunities for the Company to demonstrate and leverage its competitive advantages. The continuing consolidation within the financial services industry is leading to larger, better capitalized and geographically diverse institutions with enhanced product and technology capabilities. Additionally, competition from fintechs is increasing. In addition to fintechs, certain technology companies are working to provide financial services directly to their customers. These nontraditional financial service providers have been successful in developing digital and other products and services that effectively compete with traditional banking services, but are in some cases subject to fewer regulatory restrictions than banks and bank holding companies, allowing them to operate with greater flexibility and lower cost structures. Although digital products and services have been important competitive features of financial institutions for some time, the COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the move toward digital financial services products and we expect that trend to continue. Competitors include not only financial institutions based in Georgia, but also a number of large out-of-state and foreign banks, bank holding companies and other financial institutions that have an established market presence in Georgia or that offer internet-based products. Many of the Company s competitors are engaged in local, regional, national and international operations and have greater assets, personnel and other resources. Some of these competitors are subject to less regulation and/or more favorable tax treatment. Many of these institutions have greater resources, broader geographic markets and higher lending limits, and may offer services that the Company does not offer. In addition, these institutions may be able to better afford and make broader use of media advertising, support services, and electronic and other technology. To offset these potential competitive disadvantages, the Company depends on its reputation for superior service, ability to make credit and other business decisions quickly, and the delivery of an integrated distribution of traditional branches and bankers, with digital technology. Liquidity Our deposit base consists primarily of business accounts and deposits from the principals of such businesses. As a result, we have many depositors with balances over 250,000. We manage liquidity based upon factors that include the amount of core deposit relationships as a percentage of total deposits, net loans to total deposits, the level of diversification of our funding sources, the allocation and amount of our deposits among deposit types, the short-term funding sources used to fund assets, the amount of non-deposit funding used to fund assets such as fed funds and account receivables, the availability of unused funding sources, off-balance sheet obligations, the availability of assets to be readily converted into cash without undue loss, the amount of cash and liquid securities we hold, and the re-pricing characteristics and maturities of our assets when compared to the re-pricing characteristics of our liabilities and other factors. We evaluate our net loans to total assets and net loans (excluding loans held for sale) to total deposit ratios as a method to monitor our liquidity position. Our board of directors has limited our net loans to a maximum of 90 of total Bank assets and our net loans to a maximum of 125 of total Bank deposits. As of December 31, 2022, our net loans were 88.8 of total assets and net loans were 114.1 of total deposits. As of December 31, 2021, our net loans were 80.7 of total assets and net loans were 110.7 of total deposits. We were in compliance with both limits for each period presented. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Human Capital Resources We recognize that our most valuable asset is our people. One of our top strategic priorities is the retention and development of our talent. This includes providing career development opportunities for all associates; increasing our diversity and inclusion; training our next generation of leaders; and succession planning. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 216 full-time equivalent employees. None of our employees are represented by any collective bargaining unit or is a party to a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good and have not experienced interruptions of operations due to labor disagreements. Of the 216 full-time equivalent employees as of December 31, 2022, 80.1 identify as a female and 96.8 are persons of color. Included in the 216 full-time equivalent employees are 46 employment who have management roles. Of these 46 management roles, 67.4 of the managers identify as a female and 93.5 are persons of color. Talent Acquisition, Development, and Retention Our culture emphasizes our longstanding dedication to being respectful to others and having a workforce that is representative of the communities we serve. Diversity and inclusion are fundamental to our culture. Our future success depends on our ability to attract, retain and develop employees. Our talent acquisition teams partner with hiring managers in sourcing and presenting a diverse slate of qualified candidates to strengthen our organization. Professional development is a key priority, which is facilitated through our many corporate development initiatives including training programs, corporate mentoring, and educational reimbursement. Our board of directors recognizes the importance of succession planning for our chief executive officer and other key executives. The board of directors annually reviews our succession plans for senior leadership roles, with the goal of ensuring we will continue to have the right leadership talent in place to execute the organization s long-term strategic plans. Health and Welfare As part of our effort to attract and retain employees, we offer a broad range of benefits, including health, dental and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, cell phone reimbursement, educational tuition reimbursement, 401(k) retirement plan, and generous paid time off. We believe our compensation package and benefits are competitive with others in our industry. Corporate Information Our principal executive offices are located at 5114 Buford Highway, Doraville, Georgia 30340, and our telephone number at that address is (770) 455-4989. Our website address is www.metrocitybank.bank. The information contained on or accessible from our website does not constitute a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not incorporated by reference herein. Public Information Persons interested in obtaining information on the Company may read and copy any materials that we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The Commission maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. We make available, free of charge, on or through our website, https://www.metrocitybank.bank/investor-relations/sec-filings, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other filings pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and amendments to such filings, as soon as reasonably practicable after each is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Regulation and Supervision General We are extensively regulated under federal and state law. The following is a brief summary that does not purport to be a complete description of all regulations that affect us or all aspects of those regulations. This discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provisions described below and is not intended to be an exhaustive description of the statutes or regulations applicable to the Company s and the Bank s business. In addition, proposals to change the laws and regulations governing the banking industry are frequently raised at both the state and federal levels. The likelihood and timing of any changes in these laws and regulations, and the impact such changes may have on us and the Bank, are difficult to predict. In addition, bank regulatory agencies may issue enforcement actions, policy statements, interpretive letters and similar written guidance applicable to us or the Bank. Changes in applicable laws, regulations or regulatory guidance, or their interpretation by regulatory agencies or courts may have a material adverse effect on our and the Bank s business, operations, and earnings. Supervision and regulation of banks, their holding companies and affiliates is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and customers, the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), and the U.S. banking and financial system rather than holders of our capital stock. Regulation of the Company We are registered as a bank holding company with the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHC Act ). As such, we are subject to comprehensive supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve and are subject to its regulatory reporting requirements. Federal law subjects bank holding companies, such as the Company, to particular restrictions on the types of activities in which they may engage, and to a range of supervisory requirements and activities, including regulatory enforcement actions for violations of laws and regulations. Violations of laws and regulations, or other unsafe and unsound practices, may result in regulatory agencies imposing fines or penalties, cease and desist orders, or taking other enforcement actions. Under certain circumstances, these agencies may enforce these remedies directly against officers, directors, employees and other parties participating in the affairs of a bank or bank holding company. Activity Limitations. Bank holding companies are generally restricted to engaging in the business of banking, managing or controlling banks and certain other activities determined by the Federal Reserve to be closely related to banking. In addition, the Federal Reserve has the power to order a bank holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any nonbanking activity or terminate its ownership or control of any nonbank subsidiary, when it has reasonable cause to believe that continuation of such activity or such ownership or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness, or stability of any bank subsidiary of that bank holding company. Source of Strength Obligations. A bank holding company is required to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary bank and to maintain resources adequate to support its bank. The term source of financial strength means the ability of a company, such as us, that directly or indirectly owns or controls an insured depository institution, such as the Bank, to provide financial assistance to such insured depository institution in the event of financial distress. The appropriate federal banking agency for the depository institution (in the case of the Bank, this agency is the FDIC) may require reports from us to assess our ability to serve as a source of strength and to enforce compliance with the source of strength requirements by requiring us to provide financial assistance to the Bank in the event of financial distress. If we were to enter bankruptcy or become subject to the orderly liquidation process established by the Dodd-Frank Act, any commitment by us to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of the Bank would be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee or the FDIC, as appropriate, and entitled to a priority of payment. Acquisitions. The BHC Act permits acquisitions of banks by bank holding companies, such that we and any other bank holding company, whether located in Georgia or elsewhere, may acquire a bank located in any other state, subject to certain deposit-percentage, age of bank charter requirements, and other restrictions. The BHC Act requires that a bank holding company obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before (i) acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any additional bank or bank holding company, (ii) taking any action that causes an additional bank or bank holding company to become a subsidiary of the bank holding company, or (iii) merging 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 or consolidating with any other bank holding company. The Federal Reserve may not approve any such transaction that would result in a monopoly or would be in furtherance of any combination or conspiracy to monopolize or attempt to monopolize the business of banking in any section of the United States, or the effect of which may be substantially to lessen competition or to tend to create a monopoly in any section of the country, or that in any other manner would be in restraint of trade, unless the anticompetitive effects of the proposed transaction are clearly outweighed by the public interest in meeting the convenience and needs of the community to be served. The Federal Reserve is also required to consider: (1) the financial and managerial resources of the companies involved, including pro forma capital ratios; (2) the risk to the stability of the United States banking or financial system; (3) the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including performance under the Community Reinvestment Act, further described below; and (4) the effectiveness of the companies in combatting money laundering. Change in Control. Federal law restricts the amount of voting stock of a bank holding company or a bank that a person may acquire without the prior approval of banking regulators. Under the Change in Bank Control Act and the regulations thereunder, a person or group must give advance notice to the Federal Reserve before acquiring control of any bank holding company, such as the Company, and the FDIC before acquiring control of the Bank. Upon receipt of such notice, the bank regulatory agencies may approve or disapprove the acquisition. The Change in Bank Control Act creates a rebuttable presumption of control if a person or group acquires the power to vote 10 or more of our outstanding common stock. The overall effect of such laws is to make it more difficult to acquire a bank holding company and a bank by tender offer or similar means than it might be to acquire control of another type of corporation. Consequently, shareholders of the Company may be less likely to benefit from the rapid increases in stock prices that may result from tender offers or similar efforts to acquire control of other companies. Investors should be aware of these requirements when acquiring shares of our stock. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. As a public company that files periodic reports with the SEC, under the Exchange Act, the Company is subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), which addresses, among other issues, corporate governance, auditing and accounting, executive compensation and enhanced and timely disclosure of corporate information. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act represents significant federal involvement in matters traditionally left to state regulatory systems, such as the regulation of the accounting profession, and to state corporate law, such as the relationship between a board of directors and management and between a board of directors and its committees. Our policies and procedures are designed to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Corporate Governance. The Dodd-Frank Act addresses many investor protections, corporate governance, and executive compensation matters that will affect most U.S. publicly traded companies. The Dodd-Frank Act (1) grants shareholders of U.S. publicly traded companies an advisory vote on executive compensation; (2) enhances independence requirements for Compensation Committee members; and (3) requires companies listed on national securities exchanges to adopt incentive-based compensation claw-back policies for executive officers. Incentive Compensation. The Dodd-Frank Act required the banking agencies and the SEC to establish joint rules or guidelines for financial institutions with more than 1 billion in assets, such as us and the Bank, which prohibit incentive compensation arrangements that the agencies determine to encourage inappropriate risks by the institution. The federal banking agencies issued proposed rules in 2011 and previously issued guidance on sound incentive compensation policies. In 2016, the federal banking agencies also proposed rules that would, depending upon the assets of the institution, directly regulate incentive compensation arrangements and would require enhanced oversight and recordkeeping. As of December 31, 2022, these rules have not been implemented, although the SEC did adopt final rules implementing the clawback provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act in 2022. We and the Bank have undertaken efforts to ensure that our incentive compensation plans do not encourage inappropriate risks, consistent with three key principles - that incentive compensation arrangements should appropriately balance risk and financial rewards, be compatible with effective controls and risk management, and be supported by strong corporate governance. Shareholder Say-On-Pay Votes. The Dodd-Frank Act requires public companies to take shareholders votes on proposals addressing compensation (known as say-on-pay), the frequency of a say-on-pay vote, and the golden parachutes available to executives in connection with change-in-control transactions. Public companies must give shareholders the opportunity to vote on the compensation at least every three years and the opportunity to vote on frequency at least every six years, indicating whether the say-on-pay vote should be held annually, biennially, or triennially. The say-on-pay, the 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 say-on-parachute and the say-on-frequency votes are explicitly nonbinding and cannot override a decision of our board of directors. Other Regulatory Matters. We and our subsidiaries are subject to oversight by the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), the PCAOB, the Nasdaq Stock Market and various state securities regulators. We and our subsidiaries have from time to time received requests for information from regulatory authorities in various states, including state attorneys general, securities regulators and other regulatory authorities, concerning our business practices. Such requests are considered incidental to the normal conduct of business. Capital Requirements The Bank is required under federal law to maintain certain minimum capital levels based on ratios of capital to total assets and capital to risk-weighted assets. The required capital ratios are minimums, and the federal banking agencies may determine that a banking organization, based on its size, complexity or risk profile, must maintain a higher level of capital in order to operate in a safe and sound manner. Risks such as concentration of credit risks and the risk arising from non-traditional activities, as well as the institution s exposure to a decline in the economic value of its capital due to changes in interest rates, and an institution s ability to manage those risks are important factors that are to be taken into account in assessing an institution s overall capital adequacy. The following is a brief description of the relevant provisions of these capital rules and their potential impact on our capital levels. The Bank is subject to the following risk-based capital ratios: a common equity Tier 1 CET1 risk-based capital ratio, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, which includes CET1 and additional Tier 1 capital, and a total risk-based capital ratio, which includes Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. CET1 is primarily comprised of the sum of common stock instruments and related surplus net of treasury stock, plus retained earnings, and certain qualifying minority interests, less certain adjustments and deductions, including with respect to goodwill, intangible assets, mortgage servicing assets and deferred tax assets subject to temporary timing differences. Additional Tier 1 capital is primarily comprised of noncumulative perpetual preferred stock, tier 1 minority interests and grandfathered trust preferred securities. Tier 2 capital consists of instruments disqualified from Tier 1 capital, including qualifying subordinated debt, other preferred stock and certain hybrid capital instruments, and a limited amount of loan loss reserves up to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets, subject to certain eligibility criteria. The capital rules also define the risk-weights assigned to assets and off-balance sheet items to determine the risk-weighted asset components of the risk-based capital rules, including, for example, certain high volatility commercial real estate, past due assets, structured securities and equity holdings. The leverage capital ratio, which serves as a minimum capital standard, is the ratio of Tier 1 capital to quarterly average total consolidated assets net of goodwill, certain other intangible assets, and certain required deduction items. The required minimum leverage ratio for all banks is 4 . In addition, as of January 1, 2019, the capital rules require a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 , constituted of CET1, above each of the minimum capital ratio requirements (CET1, Tier 1, and total risk-based capital), which is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. These buffer requirements must be met for a bank to be able to pay dividends, engage in share buybacks or make discretionary bonus payments to executive management without restriction. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA ), among other things, requires the federal bank regulatory agencies to take prompt corrective action regarding depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. FDICIA establishes five regulatory capital tiers: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. A depository institution s capital tier will depend upon how its capital levels compare to various relevant capital measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation. FDICIA generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distribution (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its holding company if the depository institution would thereafter be undercapitalized. To be well-capitalized, the Bank must maintain at least the following capital ratios: 6.5 CET1 to risk-weighted assets; 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 8.0 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets; 10.0 Total capital to risk-weighted assets; and 5.0 leverage ratio. 
 Failure to be well-capitalized or to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have an adverse material effect on our operations or financial condition. For example, only a well-capitalized depository institution may accept brokered deposits without prior regulatory approval. Failure to be well-capitalized or to meet minimum capital requirements could also result in restrictions on the Bank s ability to pay dividends or otherwise distribute capital or to receive regulatory approval of applications or other restrictions on its growth. The Bank was well capitalized at December 31, 2022, and brokered deposits are not restricted. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank s regulatory capital ratios were above the applicable well-capitalized standards and met the then-applicable capital conservation buffer. The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act (the Economic Growth Act signed into law in May 2018 scaled back certain requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act and provided other regulatory relief. Among the provisions of the Economic Growth Act was a requirement that the Federal Reserve raise the asset threshold for those bank holding companies subject to the Federal Reserve s Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement Policy Statement to 3 billion. As a result, as of the effective date of that change in 2018, the Company was no longer required to comply with the risk-based capital rules applicable to the Bank as described above. However, in the 4 th quarter of 2021, the Company s assets exceeded 3 billion for the first time, such that the Company started being subject to consolidated risk-based capital requirements beginning in 2022. As a result of the Economic Growth Act, the federal banking agencies were also required to develop a Community Bank Leverage Ratio (the ratio of a bank s Tier 1 capital to average total consolidated assets) for financial institutions with assets of less than 10 billion. A qualifying community bank that exceeds this ratio will be deemed to be in compliance with all other capital and leverage requirements, including the capital requirements to be considered well capitalized under prompt corrective action statutes. The federal banking agencies may consider a financial institutions risk profile when evaluation whether it qualifies as a community bank for purposes of the capital ratio requirement. The federal banking agencies set the minimum capital for the new Community Bank Leverage Ratio at 9 . The Bank has not opted into the Community Bank Leverage Ratio Framework. On December 21, 2018, federal banking agencies issued a joint final rule to revise their regulatory capital rules to (i) address the upcoming implementation of the current expected credit losses CECL accounting standard under GAAP; (ii) provide an optional three-year phase-in period for the day-one adverse regulatory capital effects that banking organizations are expected to experience upon adopting CECL; and (iii) require the use of CECL in stress tests beginning with the 2020 capital planning and stress testing cycle for certain banking organizations. In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13, which introduced CECL as the methodology to replace the current incurred loss methodology for financial assets measured at amortized cost, and changed the approaches for recognizing and recording credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased credit impaired financial assets. Under the incurred loss methodology, credit losses are recognized only when the losses are probable or have been incurred; under CECL, companies are required to recognize the full amount of expected credit losses for the lifetime of the financial assets, based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This change will result in earlier recognition of credit losses that the Company deems expected but not yet probable. For SEC reporting companies with emerging growth company designation and December 31 fiscal-year ends, such as the Company, CECL will become effective beginning with the first quarter of 2023. Payment of Dividends We are a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank and our other subsidiaries. Our primary source of cash, other than securities offerings, is dividends from the Bank. We are a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank and our 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 other subsidiaries. Our primary source of cash, other than securities offerings, is dividends from the Bank. Under the laws of the State of Georgia, we, as a business corporation, may declare and pay dividends in cash or property unless the payment or declaration would be contrary to restrictions contained in our Articles of Incorporation, or unless, after payment of the dividend, we would not be able to pay our debts when they become due in the usual course of our business or our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities. In addition, we are also subject to federal regulatory capital requirements that effectively limit the amount of cash dividends that we may pay. The primary sources of funds for our payment of dividends to our shareholders are cash on hand and dividends from the Bank. Various federal and state statutory provisions and regulations limit the amount of dividends that the Bank and our non-bank subsidiaries may pay. The Bank is a Georgia bank. Under the regulations of the Georgia Department of Banking Finance GA DBF ), a Georgia bank must have approval of the GA DBF to pay cash dividends if, at the time of such payment: the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average total assets is less than 6 percent; the aggregate amount of dividends to be declared or anticipated to be declared during the current calendar year exceeds 50 percent of its net after-tax profits before dividends for the previous calendar year; or its total adversely classified assets in its most recent regulatory examination exceeded 80 percent of its Tier 1 capital plus its allowance for loan and lease losses. 
 The Georgia Financial Institutions Code contains restrictions on the ability of a Georgia bank to pay dividends other than from retained earnings without the approval of the GA DBF. As a result of the foregoing restrictions, the Bank may be required to seek approval from the GA DBF to pay dividends. In addition, we and the Bank are subject to various general regulatory policies and requirements relating to the payment of dividends, including requirements to maintain adequate capital above regulatory minimums. The appropriate federal bank regulatory authority may prohibit the payment of dividends where it has determined that the payment of dividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice and to prohibit payment thereof. The FDIC and the Federal Reserve have indicated that paying dividends that deplete a bank s capital base to an inadequate level would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice. The FDIC and the Federal Reserve have each indicated that depository institutions and their holding companies should generally pay dividends only out of current operating earnings. Prior approval by the FDIC is required if the total of all dividends declared by a bank in any calendar year exceeds the bank s profits for that year combined with its retained net profits for the preceding two calendar years. Under a Federal Reserve policy adopted in 2009, the board of directors of a bank holding company must consider different factors to ensure that its dividend level is prudent relative to maintaining a strong financial position, and is not based on overly optimistic earnings scenarios, such as potential events that could affect its ability to pay, while still maintaining a strong financial position. As a general matter, the Federal Reserve has indicated that the board of directors of a bank holding company should consult with the Federal Reserve and eliminate, defer or significantly reduce the bank holding company s dividends if: its net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; its prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with its capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or it will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. 

 18 

Table of Contents 
 Regulation of the Bank The Bank is subject to comprehensive supervision and regulation by the FDIC and is subject to its regulatory reporting requirements. The Bank also is subject to certain Federal Reserve regulations. In addition, as discussed in more detail below, the Bank and any other of our subsidiaries that offer consumer financial products and services are subject to regulation and potential supervision by the CFPB. Authority to supervise and examine the Company and the Bank for compliance with federal consumer laws remains largely with the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, respectively. However, the CFPB may participate in examinations on a sampling basis and may refer potential enforcement actions against such institutions to their primary regulators. The CFPB also may participate in examinations of our other direct or indirect subsidiaries that offer consumer financial products or services. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act permits states to adopt consumer protection laws and regulations that are stricter than those regulations promulgated by the CFPB, and state attorneys general are permitted to enforce certain federal consumer financial protection rules adopted by the CFPB. Broadly, regulations applicable to the Bank include limitations on loans to a single borrower and to its directors, officers and employees; restrictions on the opening and closing of branch offices; the maintenance of required capital and liquidity ratios; the granting of credit under equal and fair conditions; the disclosure of the costs and terms of such credit; requirements to maintain reserves against deposits and loans; limitations on the types of investment that may be made by the Bank; and requirements governing risk management practices. The Bank is permitted under federal law to branch on a de novo basis across state lines where the laws of that state would permit a bank chartered by that state to open a de novo branch. Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders. The Bank is subject to restrictions on extensions of credit and certain other transactions between the Bank and the Company or any nonbank affiliate. Generally, these covered transactions with either the Company or any affiliate are limited to 10 of the Bank s capital and surplus, and all such transactions between the Bank and the Company and all of its nonbank affiliates combined are limited to 20 of the Bank s capital and surplus. Loans and other extensions of credit from the Bank to the Company or any affiliate generally are required to be secured by eligible collateral in specified amounts. In addition, any transaction between the Bank and the Company or any affiliate are required to be on an arm s length basis. Federal banking laws also place similar restrictions on certain extensions of credit by insured banks, such as the Bank, to their directors, executive officers and principal shareholders. Reserves. Federal Reserve rules require depository institutions, such as the Bank, to maintain reserves against their transaction accounts, primarily interest bearing and non-interest bearing checking accounts. Effective March 26, 2020, reserve requirement ratios were reduced to zero percent. These reserve requirements are subject to annual adjustment by the Federal Reserve. FDIC Insurance Assessments and Depositor Preference. The Bank s deposits are insured by the FDIC s DIF up to the limits under applicable law, which currently are set at 250,000 per depositor, per insured bank, for each account ownership category. The Bank is subject to FDIC assessments for its deposit insurance. The FDIC calculates quarterly deposit insurance assessments based on an institution s average total consolidated assets less its average tangible equity, and applies one of four risk categories determined by reference to its capital levels, supervisory ratings, and certain other factors. The assessment rate schedule can change from time to time, at the discretion of the FDIC, subject to certain limits. As of June 30, 2020, the DIF reserve ratio fell to 1.30 , below the statutory minimum of 1.35 . The FDIC, as required under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, established a plan on September 15, 2020 to restore the DIF reserve ratio to meet or exceed the statutory minimum of 1.35 within eight years. On October 18, 2022, the FDIC adopted an amended restoration plan to increase the likelihood that the reserve ratio would be restored to at least 1.35 percent by September 30, 2028. The FDIC s amended restoration plan increases the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis points, beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The FDIC could further increase the deposit insurance assessments for certain insured depository institutions, including the Bank, if the DIF reserve ratio is not restored as projected. Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by a bank s federal regulatory agency. In addition, the Federal Deposit 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Insurance Act provides that, in the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors of the institution, including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors, and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver, will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution, including those of the parent bank holding company. Standards for Safety and Soundness. The Federal Deposit Insurance Act requires the federal bank regulatory agencies to prescribe, by regulation or guideline, operational and managerial standards for all insured depository institutions relating to: (1) internal controls; (2) information systems and audit systems; (3) loan documentation; (4) credit underwriting; (5) interest rate risk exposure; and (6) asset quality. The federal banking agencies have adopted regulations and Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness to implement these required standards. These guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards used to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. Under the regulations, if a regulator determines that a bank fails to meet any standards prescribed by the guidelines, the regulator may require the bank to submit an acceptable plan to achieve compliance, consistent with deadlines for the submission and review of such safety and soundness compliance plans. Anti-Money Laundering. A continued focus of governmental policy relating to financial institutions in recent years has been combating money laundering and terrorist financing. The USA PATRIOT Act broadened the application of anti-money laundering regulations to apply to additional types of financial institutions such as broker-dealers, investment advisors and insurance companies, and strengthened the ability of the U.S. Government to help prevent, detect and prosecute international money laundering and the financing of terrorism. The principal provisions of Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act require that regulated financial institutions, including state member banks: (i) establish an anti-money laundering program that includes training and audit components; (ii) comply with regulations regarding the verification of the identity of any person seeking to open an account; (iii) take additional required precautions with non-U.S. owned accounts; and (iv) perform certain verification and certification of money laundering risk for their foreign correspondent banking relationships. Failure of a financial institution to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act s requirements could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution. The Bank has augmented its systems and procedures to meet the requirements of these regulations and will continue to revise and update its policies, procedures and controls to reflect changes required by law. The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Treasury Department FinCEN has adopted rules that require financial institutions to obtain beneficial ownership information with respect to legal entities with which such institutions conduct business, subject to certain exclusions and exemptions. Bank regulators are focusing their examinations on anti-money laundering compliance, and we continue to monitor and augment, where necessary, our anti-money laundering compliance programs. Banking regulators will consider compliance with the Act s money laundering provisions in acting upon acquisition and merger proposals. Bank regulators routinely examine institutions for compliance with these obligations and have been active in imposing cease and desist and other regulatory orders and money penalty sanctions against institutions found to be violating these obligations. Sanctions for violations of the Act can be imposed in an amount equal to twice the sum involved in the violating transaction, up to 1 million. On January 1, 2021, Congress passed federal legislation that made sweeping changes to federal anti-money laundering laws, subject to pending implementation by regulatory rulemaking. Most recently, on June 30, 2021, FinCEN published the first set of national AML priorities, as required by the Bank Secrecy Act, which include, but are not limited to, cybercrime, terrorist financing, fraud, and drug/human trafficking. FinCEN is required to implement regulations to specify how covered financial institutions, such as the Company, should incorporate these national priorities into their AML programs. As of December 31, 2022, no such regulations have been proposed. Economic Sanctions. The Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC is responsible for helping to ensure that U.S. entities do not engage in transactions with certain prohibited parties, as defined by various Executive Orders and acts of Congress. OFAC publishes, and routinely updates, lists of names of persons and organizations suspected of aiding, harboring or engaging in terrorist acts, including the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List. If we find a name on any transaction, account or wire transfer that is on an OFAC list, we must undertake certain specified activities, which could include blocking or freezing the account or transaction requested, and we must notify the appropriate authorities. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Concentrations in Lending. During 2006, the federal bank regulatory agencies released guidance on Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending (the Guidance and advised financial institutions of the risks posed by commercial real estate CRE lending concentrations. The Guidance requires that appropriate processes be in place to identify, monitor and control risks associated with real estate lending concentrations. Higher allowances for loan losses and capital levels may also be required. The Guidance is triggered when CRE loan concentrations exceed either: Total reported loans for construction, land development, and other land of 100 or more of a bank s total risk based capital; or Total reported loans secured by multifamily and nonfarm nonresidential properties and loans for construction, land development, and other land of 300 or more of a bank s total risk based capital. 
 The Guidance also applies when a bank has a sharp increase in CRE loans or has significant concentrations of CRE secured by a particular property type. We have always had exposures to loans secured by commercial real estate due to the nature of our markets and the loan needs of both retail and commercial customers. We believe our long term experience in CRE lending, underwriting policies, internal controls, and other policies currently in place, as well as our loan and credit monitoring and administration procedures, are generally appropriate to managing our concentrations as required under the Guidance. Community Reinvestment Act. The Bank is subject to the provisions of the Community Reinvestment Act CRA ), which imposes a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with their safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of entire communities where the bank accepts deposits, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The FDIC s assessment of the Bank s CRA record is made available to the public. Further, a less than satisfactory CRA rating will slow, if not preclude, expansion of banking activities. Following the enactment of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GLB ), CRA agreements with private parties must be disclosed and annual CRA reports must be made to a bank s primary federal regulator. Federal CRA regulations require, among other things, that evidence of discrimination against applicants on a prohibited basis, and illegal or abusive lending practices be considered in the CRA evaluation. The Bank has a rating of Satisfactory in its most recent CRA evaluation. On May 5, 2022, the OCC, FRB, and FDIC issued a notice of proposed rulemaking to provide for a coordinated approach to modernize their respective CRA regulations, such that all banks will be subject to the same set of CRA rules. Key elements are expected to include (i) expanding access to credit, investment, and basic banking services in low- and moderate-income communities; (ii) updating CRA assessment areas by including activities associated with online and mobile banking, branchless banking, and hybrid models; and (iii) better tailoring CRA evaluations and data collection requirements by bank size and type. No final rule has been issued, but the rulemaking may affect the Bank s CRA compliance obligations in the future. Privacy and Data Security. The GLB generally prohibits disclosure of consumer information to non-affiliated third parties unless the consumer has been given the opportunity to object and has not objected to such disclosure. Financial institutions are further required to disclose their privacy policies to customers annually. Financial institutions, however, will be required to comply with state law if it is more protective of consumer privacy than the GLB. The GLB also directed federal regulators, including the FDIC, to prescribe standards for the security of consumer information. The Bank is subject to such standards, as well as standards for notifying customers in the event of a security breach. Under federal law, the Bank must disclose its privacy policy to consumers, permit customers to opt out of having nonpublic customer information disclosed to third parties in certain circumstances, and allow customers to opt out of receiving marketing solicitations based on information about the customer received from another subsidiary. States may adopt more extensive privacy protections. We are similarly required to have an information security program to safeguard the confidentiality and security of customer information and to ensure proper disposal. Customers must be notified when unauthorized disclosure involves sensitive customer information that may be misused. On November 18, 2021, the federal banking agencies issued a new rule effective in 2022 that requires banks to notify their regulators within 36 hours of a computer-security incident that rises to the level of a notification incident. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Consumer Regulation. Activities of the Bank are subject to a variety of statutes and regulations designed to protect consumers. These laws and regulations include, among numerous other things, provisions that: limit the interest and other charges collected or contracted for by the Bank, including new rules respecting the terms of credit cards and of debit card overdrafts; govern the Bank s disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; require the Bank to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether it is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; prohibit the Bank from discriminating on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors when it makes decisions to extend credit; govern the manner in which the Bank may collect consumer debts; and prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices in the provision of consumer financial products and services. 
 Mortgage Regulation. The CFPB has issued rules to implement requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act pertaining to mortgage loan origination (including with respect to loan originator compensation and loan originator qualifications) as well as integrated mortgage disclosure rules. In addition, the CFPB has issued rules that require servicers to comply with new standards and practices with regard to: error correction; information disclosure; force-placement of insurance; information management policies and procedures; requiring information about mortgage loss mitigation options be provided to delinquent borrowers; providing delinquent borrowers access to servicer personnel with continuity of contact about the borrower s mortgage loan account; and evaluating borrowers applications for available loss mitigation options. These rules also address initial rate adjustment notices for adjustable-rate mortgages (ARMs), periodic statements for residential mortgage loans, and prompt crediting of mortgage payments and response to requests for payoff amounts. In 2020, the CARES Act granted certain forbearance rights and protection against foreclosure to borrowers with a federally backed mortgage loan, including certain first or subordinate lien loans designed principally for the occupancy of one to four families. These consumer protections under the CARES Act continued during the COVID 19 pandemic emergency, and while most of these protections expired in 2022, on January 18, 2023, in its revised Mortgage Servicing Examination Procedures, the CFPB stated it expected servicers to continue to utilize these safeguards, regardless of their expiration. Non-Discrimination Policies. The Bank is also subject to, among other things, the provisions of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (the ECOA and the Fair Housing Act (the FHA ), both of which prohibit discrimination based on race or color, religion, national origin, sex, and familial status in any aspect of a consumer or commercial credit or residential real estate transaction. The Department of Justice (the DOJ ), and the federal bank regulatory agencies have issued an Interagency Policy Statement on Discrimination in Lending that provides guidance to financial institutions in determining whether discrimination exists, how the agencies will respond to lending discrimination, and what steps lenders might take to prevent discriminatory lending practices. The DOJ has increased its efforts to prosecute what it regards as violations of the ECOA and FHA. LIBOR: On March 15, 2022, Congress enacted the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR Act to address references to LIBOR in contracts that (i) are governed by U.S. law; (ii) will not mature before June 30, 2023; and (iii) lack fallback provisions providing for a clearly defined and practicable replacement for LIBOR. On December 16, 2022, the FRB adopted a final rule to implement the LIBOR Act by identifying benchmark rates based on SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate) that will replace LIBOR in certain financial contracts after June 30, 2023. The final rule identifies replacement benchmark rates based on SOFR to replace overnight, one-month, three-month, six-month, and 12-month LIBOR in contracts subject to the LIBOR Act. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the risk factors and uncertainties discussed in our other public filings with the SEC under the caption Risk Factors in evaluating us and our business and making or continuing an investment in our stock . Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the material risks described below. Many of these risks are beyond our control although efforts are made to manage those risks while simultaneously optimizing operational and financial results. The occurrence of any of the following risks, as well as risks of which we are currently unaware or currently deem immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our assets, business, cash flows, condition (financial or otherwise), liquidity, prospects, results of operations and the trading price of our common stock. It is impossible to predict or identify all such factors and, as a result, you should not consider the following factors to be a complete discussion of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could materially and adversely affect our assets, business, cash flows, condition (financial or otherwise), liquidity, prospects, results of operations and the trading price of our common stock. In addition, certain statements in the following risk factors constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements beginning on page 3 of this Annual Report . Risks Related to Our Business A decline in general business and economic conditions and any regulatory responses to such conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and growth prospects. Our business and operations are sensitive to general business and economic conditions in the United States, generally, and particularly in the states of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, New Jersey, New York, Texas and Virginia. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions could lead to credit quality concerns related to borrower repayment ability and collateral protection as well as reduced demand for the products and services we offer. If the national, regional and local economies experience worsening economic conditions, including inflation, elevated levels of unemployment, the U.S. government s decisions regarding its debt ceiling and the possibility that the U.S. could default on its debt obligations, fluctuations in debt and equity capital markets, increased delinquencies on mortgage, commercial and consumer loans, residential and commercial real estate price declines, and lower home sales and commercial activity, our growth and profitability could be constrained. We face strong competition from financial services companies and other companies that offer commercial and retail banking services, which could harm our business. Many of our competitors offer the same, or a wider variety of, the banking and related financial services we offer within our market areas. These competitors include national banks, regional banks and other community banks, including banks similar to us that primarily serve distinct or multi-ethnic communities. In many instances these national and regional banks have greater resources than we do, and the smaller community banks may have stronger ties in local markets than we do, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage. We also face competition from many other types of financial institutions, including fintech companies, savings associations, finance companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies, credit unions, mortgage banks and other financial intermediaries. In addition, a number of out-of-state financial intermediaries have opened production offices or otherwise solicit deposits in our market areas. We also compete with many forms of payments offered by both bank and non-bank providers, including a variety of new and evolving alternative payment mechanisms, systems and products, such as aggregators and web-based and wireless payment platforms or technologies, digital or crypto currencies, prepaid systems and payment services targeting users of social networks, communications platforms and online gaming. Our future success may depend, in part, on our ability to use technology competitively to offer products and services that provide convenience to customers and create additional efficiencies in our operations. Increased competition in our markets may result in reduced loans, deposits and commissions and brokers fees, gains on sales, servicing fees, as well as reduced net interest margin and profitability. If we are unable to attract and retain 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 banking and mortgage loan customers and expand our sales market for such loans, we may be unable to continue to grow our business, and our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Fluctuations in interest rates may impact net interest income and otherwise negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. Our earnings and financial condition are dependent to a large degree upon net interest income, which is the difference, or spread, between interest earned on loans, securities and other interest-earning assets and interest paid on deposits, borrowings and other interest-bearing liabilities. When market rates of interest change, the interest we receive on our assets and the interest we pay on our liabilities may fluctuate. This may cause decreases in our spread and may adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors including, without limitation: the rate of inflation; economic conditions; federal monetary policies; and stability of domestic and foreign markets. Interest rates increased significantly in 2022 as the Federal Reserve attempted to slow economic growth and counteract rising inflation. Further changes in interest rates and monetary policy reportedly are dependent upon the Federal Reserve s assessment of economic data as it becomes available, though the rising interest rate environment is expected to continue in 2023. Increasing interest rates can have a negative impact on our business by reducing the amount of money our customers borrow or by adversely affecting their ability to repay outstanding loan balances that may increase due to adjustments in their variable rates which may lead to an increase in nonperforming assets and a reduction of income recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. In addition, in a rising interest rate environment we may have to offer more attractive interest rates to depositors to compete for deposits, or pursue other sources of liquidity, such as wholesale funds. Higher income volatility from changes in interest rates and spreads to benchmark indices could result in a decrease in net interest income and a decrease in current fair market values of our assets. Fluctuations in interest rates impacts both the level of income and expense recorded on most of our assets and liabilities and the market value of all interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our net income, operating results, or financial condition. Although we have implemented procedures we believe will reduce the potential effects of changes in interest rates on our net interest income, these procedures may not always be successful as some of these effects are outside of our control. A prolonged period of volatile and unstable market conditions would likely increase our funding costs and negatively affect market risk mitigation strategies. Inflation could negatively impact our business, our profitability and our stock price. Inflation has continued rising in 2022 at levels not seen for over 40 years. Inflationary pressures are currently expected to remain elevated throughout 2022 and are likely to continue into 2023. Prolonged periods of inflation may impact our profitability by negatively impacting our fixed costs and expenses, including increasing funding costs and expense related to talent acquisition and retention, and negatively impacting the demand for our products and services. Additionally, inflation may lead to a decrease in consumer and clients purchasing power and negatively affect the need or demand for our products and services. If significant inflation continues, our business could be negatively affected by, among other things, increased default rates leading to credit losses which could decrease our appetite for new credit extensions. These inflationary pressures could result in missed earnings and budgetary projections causing our stock price to suffer. Our future success is largely dependent upon our ability to successfully execute our business strategy. Our future success, including our ability to achieve our growth and profitability goals, is dependent on the ability of our management team to execute on our long-term business strategy, which requires them to, among other things: maintain and enhance our reputation; attract and retain experienced and talented bankers in each of our markets; maintain adequate funding sources, including by continuing to attract stable, low-cost deposits; enhance our market penetration in our metropolitan markets and maintain our leadership position in our community markets; improve our operating efficiency; implement new technologies to enhance the client experience and keep pace with our competitors; attract and maintain commercial banking relationships with well-qualified businesses, real estate developers and investors with proven track records in our market areas; attract sufficient loans that meet prudent credit standards; originate residential mortgage loans for resale into secondary market to provide mortgage banking income; maintain adequate liquidity and regulatory capital and comply with applicable federal and state banking regulations; manage our credit, interest rate and liquidity risks; 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 develop new, and grow our existing, streams of noninterest income; oversee the performance of third-party service providers that provide material services to our business; and control expenses in line with current projections. Failure to achieve these strategic goals could adversely affect our ability to successfully implement our business strategies and could negatively impact our business, growth prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Further, if we do not manage our growth effectively, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects could be negatively affected, and we may not be able to continue to implement our business strategy and successfully conduct our operations. Liquidity risks could affect operations and jeopardize our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Liquidity is essential to our business. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of loans and/or investment securities and through other sources could have a substantial negative effect on our liquidity. Our most important source of funds consists of our customer deposits. Such deposit balances can decrease when customers perceive alternative investments, such as the stock market, as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. If customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments, we could lose a relatively low cost source of funds, which would require us to seek wholesale funding alternatives in order to continue to grow, thereby increasing our funding costs and reducing our net interest income and net income. Moreover, competition among U.S. banks and non-banks for customer deposits is intense and may increase the cost of deposits (particularly in an elevated rate environment) or prevent new deposits and may otherwise negatively affect our ability to grow our deposit base. In addition, our access to deposits may be affected by the liquidity and/or cash flow needs of depositors, which may be exacerbated in an inflationary, recessionary, or elevated rate environment. This may cause our deposit accounts to decrease in the future, and any such decrease could have a material adverse impact on our sources of funding. Other primary sources of funds consist of cash from operations, investment maturities and sales, sale of loans and proceeds from the issuance and sale of our equity securities to investors. Additional liquidity is provided by our ability to borrow from the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta and the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta. We also may borrow from third-party lenders from time to time. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our activities or on terms that are acceptable to us could be impaired by factors that affect us directly or the financial services industry or economy in general, such as disruptions in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry. Any decline in available funding could adversely impact our ability to continue to implement our strategic plan, including our ability to originate loans, invest in securities, meet our expenses, or to fulfill obligations such as repaying our borrowings or meeting deposit withdrawal demands, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business depends on our ability to successfully manage our asset quality and credit risk. We are subject to the risk of losses resulting from the failure of borrowers, guarantors and related parties to pay us the interest and principal amounts due on their loans. Although we maintain well-defined credit policies and credit underwriting and monitoring and collection procedures, these policies and procedures may not prevent losses, as some of these risks are outside of our control, particularly during periods in which the local, regional or national economy suffers a general decline. The future effects of the continued elevated inflationary and interest rate environment on economic activity could negatively affect the collateral values associated with our existing loans, the ability to liquidate the real estate collateral securing our residential and commercial real estate loans, our ability to maintain loan origination volume and to obtain additional financing, the future demand for or profitability of our lending and services, and the financial condition and credit risk of our customers. Further, in the event of delinquencies, regulatory changes and policies designed to protect borrowers may slow or prevent us from making our business decisions or may result in a delay in our taking certain remediation actions, such as foreclosure. If borrowers fail to repay their loans, our financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Because a significant portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of real estate loans, negative changes in the economy affecting real estate values and liquidity could impair the value of collateral securing our real estate loans and result in loan and other losses. At December 31, 2022, approximately 98.3 of our loan portfolio was comprised of loans with real estate as a primary or secondary component of collateral. As a result, adverse developments affecting real estate values in our market areas could increase the credit risk associated with our real estate loan portfolio. The market value of real estate can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time as a result of market conditions in the geographic area in which the real estate is located. Adverse changes affecting real estate values and the liquidity of real estate in one or more of our markets could increase the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio, significantly impair the value of property pledged as collateral on loans and affect our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure without a loss or additional losses, which could result in losses that would adversely affect credit quality, profitability, financial condition, and results of operations. Such declines and losses would have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and growth prospects. In addition, if hazardous or toxic substances are found on properties pledged as collateral, the value of the real estate could be impaired. If we foreclose on and take title to such properties, we may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws may also require us to incur substantial expenses to address unknown liabilities and may materially reduce the affected property s value or limit our ability to use or sell the affected property. The residential mortgage loans that we originate consist primarily of non-conforming residential mortgage loans which may be considered less liquid and riskier. The residential mortgage loans that we originate consist primarily of non-conforming residential mortgage loans, which are typically considered to have a higher degree of risk and are less liquid than conforming residential mortgage loans. We attempt to address this enhanced risk through our underwriting process, including requiring larger down payments and, in some cases, six months principal, interest, taxes and insurance reserves for individuals with no credit score. Small Business Administration lending is an important part of our business. Our SBA lending program is dependent upon the U.S. federal government, and we face specific risks associated with originating SBA loans. Our SBA lending program is dependent upon the U.S. federal government. As an approved participant in the SBA Preferred Lender s Program (an SBA Preferred Lender ), we enable our clients to obtain SBA loans more efficiently. The SBA periodically reviews the lending operations of participating lenders to assess, among other things, whether the lender exhibits prudent risk management. When weaknesses are identified, the SBA may request corrective actions or impose enforcement actions, including revocation of the lender s SBA Preferred Lender status. If we lose our status as an SBA Preferred Lender, we may lose some or all of our customers to lenders who are SBA Preferred Lenders, and as a result we could experience a material adverse effect to our financial results. Any changes to the SBA program, including but not limited to changes to the level of guarantee provided by the federal government on SBA loans, changes to program specific rules impacting volume eligibility under the guaranty program, as well as changes to the program amounts authorized by Congress or funding for the SBA program may also have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, any default by the U.S. government on its obligations or any prolonged government shutdown could, among other things, impede our ability to originate SBA loans or sell such loans in the secondary market, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The SBA s 7(a) Loan Program is the SBA s primary program for helping start-up and existing small businesses, with financing guaranteed for a variety of general business purposes. Typically, we sell the guaranteed portion of our SBA 7(a) loans in the secondary market. These sales result in premium income for us at the time of sale and create a stream of future servicing income, as we retain the servicing rights to these loans. For the reasons described above, we may not be able to continue originating these loans or selling them in the secondary market. Furthermore, even if we are able to continue to originate and sell SBA 7(a) loans in the secondary market, we might not continue to realize premiums upon the sale of the guaranteed portion of these loans or the premiums may decline due to economic and competitive factors. When we originate SBA loans, we incur credit risk on the non-guaranteed portion of the loans, and if a customer defaults on a loan, we share any loss and recovery related to the loan pro-rata with the SBA. If the SBA establishes that a loss on an SBA 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 guaranteed loan is attributable to significant technical deficiencies in the manner in which the loan was originated, funded or serviced by us, the SBA may seek recovery of the principal loss related to the deficiency from us. Generally, we do not maintain reserves or loss allowances for such potential claims and any such claims could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. The laws, regulations and standard operating procedures that are applicable to SBA loan products may change in the future. We cannot predict the effects of these changes on our business and profitability. Because government regulation greatly affects the business and financial results of all commercial banks and bank holding companies and especially our organization, changes in the laws, regulations and procedures applicable to SBA loans could adversely affect our ability to operate profitably. The non-guaranteed portion of SBA loans that we retain on our balance sheet, as well as the guaranteed portion of SBA loans that we sell, could expose us to various credit and default risks. We generally retain the non-guaranteed portions of the SBA loans that we originate. The non-guaranteed portion of SBA loans have a higher degree of credit risk and risk of loss as compared to the guaranteed portion of such loans. When we sell the guaranteed portion of SBA loans in the ordinary course of business, we are required to make certain representations and warranties to the purchaser about the SBA loans and the manner in which they were originated. Under these agreements, we may be required to repurchase the guaranteed portion of the SBA loan if we have breached any of these representations or warranties, in which case we may record a loss. In addition, if repurchase and indemnity demands increase on loans that we sell from our portfolio, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. We may not be able to meet our unfunded credit commitments, or adequately reserve for losses associated with our unfunded credit commitments. A commitment to extend credit is a formal agreement to lend funds to a client as long as there is no violation of any condition established under the agreement. The actual borrowing needs of our customers under these credit commitments have historically been lower than the contractual amount of the commitments. A significant portion of these commitments expire without being drawn upon. Because of the credit profile of our customers, we typically have a substantial amount of total unfunded credit commitments, which is not reflected on our balance sheet. Actual borrowing needs of our customers may exceed our expected funding requirements, especially during a challenging economic environment when our client companies may be more dependent on our credit commitments due to the lack of available credit elsewhere, the increasing costs of credit, or the limited availability of financings from other sources. Any failure to meet our unfunded credit commitments in accordance with the actual borrowing needs of our customers may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation. We use brokered deposits which may be an unstable and/or expensive deposit source to fund earning asset growth. We use brokered deposits, as a source of funding to support our asset growth and augment deposits generated from our branch network, which are our principal source of funding. We have established policies and procedures with respect to the use of brokered deposits, which require, among other things, that (i) we limit the amount of brokered deposits as a percentage of total assets, and (ii) our asset liability committee monitors our use of brokered deposits on a regular basis, including interest rates and the total volume of such deposits in relation to our total assets. In the event that our funding strategies call for the use of brokered deposits, there can be no assurance that such sources will be available, or will remain available, or that the cost of such funding sources will be reasonable. Additionally, if the Bank is no longer considered well-capitalized, our ability to access new brokered deposits or retain existing brokered deposits could be affected by market conditions, regulatory requirements or a combination thereof, which could result in most, if not all, brokered deposit sources being unavailable. The inability to utilize brokered deposits as a source of funding could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 We are highly dependent on our management team, and the loss of our senior executive officers or other key employees could harm our ability to implement our strategic plan, impair our relationships with customers and adversely affect our business, results of operations and growth prospects. Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key personnel. Competition for the best personnel in most activities we engage in can be intense, as we compete with both smaller banks that may be able to offer bankers with more responsibility and autonomy and larger banks that may be able to offer bankers with higher compensation, resources and support, and we may not be able to hire personnel or to retain them. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of our key personnel could have a material adverse impact on our business because of their skills, knowledge of our market, relationships in the communities we serve, years of industry experience and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. Although we have employment agreements with certain of our executive officers, there is no guarantee that these officers and other key personnel will remain employed with the Company. Nonperforming assets take significant time to resolve and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and could result in further losses in the future. Our nonperforming assets adversely affect our net income in various ways. We do not record interest income on nonaccrual loans or OREO, thereby adversely affecting our net interest income, net income and returns on assets and equity, and our loan administration costs increase, which together with reduced interest income adversely affects our efficiency ratio. When we take collateral in foreclosure and similar proceedings, we are required to mark the collateral to its then-fair market value, which may result in a loss. These nonperforming loans and OREO also increase our risk profile and the level of capital our regulators believe is appropriate for us to maintain in light of such risks. The resolution of nonperforming assets requires significant time commitments from management and can be detrimental to the performance of their other responsibilities. If we experience increases in nonperforming loans and nonperforming assets, our net interest income may be negatively impacted and our loan administration costs could increase, each of which would have an adverse effect on our net income and related ratios, such as return on assets and equity. Our provision and allowance for loan losses may prove to be insufficient to absorb potential losses in our loan portfolio. We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan and lease portfolio and utilize these assumptions and judgments when determining the provision and allowance for credit losses. The determination of the appropriate level of the provision for credit losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires us to make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes, as we have experienced. Deterioration in economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors both within and outside of our control, may require an increase in the amount reserved in the allowance for credit losses. In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review our provision and the total allowance for credit losses and may require an increase in the allowance for credit losses or future provisions for credit losses, based on judgments different than those of management. Any increases in the provision or allowance for credit losses will result in a decrease in our net income and, potentially, capital, and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Decreased residential mortgage origination, volume and pricing decisions of competitors may adversely affect our profitability. Our mortgage operation originates and sells residential mortgage loans and services residential mortgage loans. Changes in interest rates, housing prices, financial stress on borrowers as a result of economic conditions, regulations by the applicable governmental authorities and pricing decisions by our loan competitors may adversely affect demand for our residential mortgage loan products, the revenue realized on the sale of loans, revenues received from servicing such loans for others, and ultimately reduce our net income. New regulations, increased regulatory reviews, and/or changes in the structure of the secondary mortgage markets which we would utilize to sell mortgage loans may be introduced and may increase costs and make it more difficult to operate a residential mortgage origination business. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 We could recognize losses on securities held in our securities portfolio, particularly if interest rates increase or economic and market conditions deteriorate. Changes in interest rates may negatively affect both the returns on and market value of our investment securities. Interest rate volatility can reduce unrealized gains or increase unrealized losses in our portfolio. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors including monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political issues, and other factors beyond our control. These changes can negatively impact our other comprehensive income and equity levels through accumulated other comprehensive income, which includes net unrealized gains and losses on our investment securities. Further, such losses could be realized into earnings should liquidity and/or business strategy necessitate the sales of securities in a loss position. Additionally, actual investment income and cash flows from investment securities that carry prepayment risk, such as mortgage-backed securities and callable securities, may materially differ from those anticipated at the time of investment or subsequently as a result of changes in interest rates and market conditions. These occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our net interest income or our results of operations. The current expected credit loss standard established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board will require significant data requirements and changes to methodologies. In the aftermath of the 2007-2008 financial crisis, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, decided to review how banks estimate losses in the ALL calculation, and it issued the final Current Expected Credit Loss, or CECL, standard on June 16, 2016. Currently, the impairment model used by financial institutions is based on incurred losses, and loans are recognized as impaired when there is no longer an assumption that future cash flows will be collected in full under the originally contracted terms. This model will be replaced by the CECL model that will become effective for us for the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2022 in which financial institutions will be required to use historical information, current conditions and reasonable forecasts to estimate the expected loss over the life of the loan. The Company to date has selected the software vendor of choice for implementation, sourced and tested required data from the Company s loan systems, tested data feeds to the model, contracted for and received results from independent third parties of model validation, performed an internal review of the CECL model and process, testing and finalization of internal controls, determined appropriate segmentations of its portfolio, selected a forecast period, as well as macroeconomic and qualitative assumptions, for reasonable and supportable forecasts, and has performed multiple parallel runs of the model. The transition to the CECL model will require significantly greater data requirements and changes to methodologies to accurately account for expected loss. There can be no assurance that we will not be required to increase our reserves and ALL as a result of the implementation of CECL. New lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risks. From time to time, we may implement or may acquire new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. In developing and marketing new lines of business and new products and services we may invest significant time and resources. We may not achieve target timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and new products or services and price and profitability goals may not prove feasible. External factors, such as regulatory compliance obligations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business and/or new product or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We focus on marketing our services to a limited segment of the population and any adverse change impacting such segment is likely to have an adverse impact on us. Our marketing focuses primarily on the banking needs of small- and medium-sized businesses, professionals and residents in the markets that we serve, primarily communities with large Asian-American populations. This demographic concentration makes us more prone to circumstances that particularly affect this segment of the population. As a result, our financial condition and results of operations are subject to changes in the economic conditions affecting these communities. Our success depends upon the business activity, population, income levels, deposits and real estate activity in these communities. Although our customers business and financial interests may extend well beyond these 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 communities, adverse economic conditions that affect these communities could reduce our growth rate, affect the ability of our customers to repay their loans to us and generally affect our financial condition and results of operations. Because of our geographic concentration, we are less able than regional or national financial institutions to diversify our credit risks across multiple markets. In addition, larger institutions with similar focuses are targeting our market areas. As we grow, we face entrenched multi-ethnic-oriented banks with larger resources in our new markets. The costs and effects of litigation, investigations or similar matters, or adverse facts and developments related thereto, could materially affect our business, operating results and financial condition. We may be involved from time to time in a variety of litigation, investigations or similar matters arising out of our business. It is inherently difficult to assess the outcome of these matters, and we may not prevail in any proceedings or litigation. Our insurance may not cover all claims that may be asserted against us and indemnification rights to which we are entitled may not be honored, and any claims asserted against us, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, may harm our reputation. Should the ultimate judgments or settlements in any litigation or investigation significantly exceed our insurance coverage or to the extent that we incur civil money penalties that are not covered by insurance, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, premiums for insurance covering the financial and banking sectors are rising. We may not be able to obtain appropriate types or levels of insurance in the future, nor may we be able to obtain adequate replacement policies with acceptable terms or at historic rates, if at all. Our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business, and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our business and the value of our common stock. We are a community bank, and our reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. Threats to our reputation can come from many sources, including adverse sentiment about financial institutions generally, unethical practices, employee misconduct, failure to deliver minimum standards of service or quality, compliance deficiencies, and questionable or fraudulent activities of our customers. Negative publicity regarding our business, employees, or customers, with or without merit, may result in the loss of customers, investors and employees, costly litigation, a decline in revenues and increased governmental regulation. If our reputation is negatively affected, by the actions of our employees or otherwise, our business and, therefore, our operating results and the value of our common stock may be materially adversely affected. Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risks and/or losses to us. Our risk management framework is comprised of various processes, systems and strategies, and is designed to manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including, among others, credit, market, liquidity, interest rate and compliance. Our framework also includes financial or other modeling methodologies that involve management assumptions and judgment. Our risk management framework may not be effective under all circumstances and may not adequately mitigate any risk or loss to us. If our risk management framework is not effective, we could suffer unexpected losses and our business, financial condition, results of operations or growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. We may also be subject to potentially adverse regulatory consequences. We have a continuing need for technological change, and we may not have the resources to effectively implement new technology or we may experience operational challenges when implementing new technology. The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. These trends were accelerated by the COVID-19 pandemic, increasing demand for mobile banking solutions. In addition to better serving customers, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to reduce costs. Our future success will depend in part upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations as we continue to grow and expand our market area. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Many of our larger competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. As a result, they may be able to offer additional or more convenient products compared to those that we will be able to provide, which would put us at a competitive disadvantage. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers, and even if we implement such products and services, we may incur substantial costs in doing so. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations . System failure or breaches of our network security could subject us to increased operating costs as well as litigation and other liabilities. The computer systems and network infrastructure we use could be vulnerable to hardware and cyber security issues. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our computer equipment against damage from fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes, or a similar catastrophic event. We could also experience a breach by intentional or negligent conduct on the part of employees or other internal or external sources, including our third-party vendors and cyber criminals. Any damage or failure that causes an interruption in our operations could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect the computer systems and network infrastructure utilized by us, including our internet banking activities, against damage from physical break-ins, cyber security breaches and other disruptive problems caused by the internet or other users. Such computer break-ins, breaches and other disruptions would jeopardize the security of information stored in and transmitted through our computer systems and network infrastructure, which may result in significant liability, damage our reputation and inhibit the use of our internet banking services by current and potential customers, any of which may result in a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or the market price of our common stock. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. In addition, as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, compliance with those requirements could also result in additional costs. We are under continuous threat of loss due to hacking and cyberattacks especially as we continue to expand client capabilities to utilize internet and other remote channels to transact business. These cyber risks include greater phishing, malware, and other cybersecurity attacks, vulnerability to disruptions of our information technology infrastructure and telecommunications systems for remote operations, increased risk of unauthorized dissemination of confidential information, limited ability to restore the systems in the event of a systems failure or interruption, greater risk of a security breach resulting in destruction or misuse of valuable information, and potential impairment of our ability to perform critical functions, including wiring funds, all of which could expose us to risks of data or financial loss, litigation and liability and could seriously disrupt our operations and the operations of any impacted customers. To date, none of foregoing types of attacks have had a material effect on our business or operations and we maintain a system of internal controls and insurance coverage to mitigate against operational risks, including data processing system failures and errors and customer or employee fraud. However, no assurances can be provided that we may not suffer from such an attack in the future that may cause us material harm, especially in light of the risks being posed by changing technologies as well as criminal intent on committing cyber-crime. Our operations could be interrupted if our third-party service providers experience difficulty, terminate their services or fail to comply with banking regulations. We depend to a significant extent on a number of relationships with third-party service providers. Specifically, we receive core systems processing, essential web hosting, deposit processing and other processing services from third-party service providers. If these third-party service providers experience financial, operational, or technological difficulties or terminate their services and we are unable to replace them with other suitable service providers, our operations could be interrupted. If an interruption were to continue for a significant period of time, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, perhaps materially. Even if we are able to replace our service providers, it may be at a higher cost to us, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information provided by customers and counterparties and any misrepresented information could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In deciding whether to extend credit or to enter into other transactions with customers and counterparties, we rely on information furnished to us by or on behalf of such customers and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We also rely on representations of customers and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. Such information could turn out to be inaccurate, including as a result of fraud on behalf of our customers, counterparties or other third parties. In times of increased economic stress, we are at an increased risk of fraud losses. We cannot make assurances that our underwriting and operational controls will prevent or detect such fraud or that we will not experience fraud losses or incur costs or other damages related to such fraud. Our customers may also experience fraud in their businesses which could adversely affect their ability to repay their loans or make use of our services. Our exposure and the exposure of our customers to fraud may increase our financial risk and reputation risk as it may result in unexpected loan losses that exceed those that have been provided for in our allowance for loan losses. Reliance on inaccurate or misleading information from our customers, counterparties and other third parties, including as a result of fraud, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our accounting estimates and risk management processes rely on analytical and forecasting models. Processes that management uses to estimate our probable incurred credit losses and to measure the fair value of financial instruments, as well as the processes used to estimate the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, depend upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models. These models reflect assumptions that may not be accurate, particularly in times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances. Even if these assumptions are accurate, the models may prove to be inadequate or inaccurate because of other flaws in their design or their implementation. If the models that management uses for interest rate risk and asset liability management are inadequate, we may incur increased or unexpected losses upon changes in market interest rates or other market measures. If the models that management uses for determining our probable credit losses are inadequate, the ALL may not be sufficient to support future charge offs. If the models that management uses to measure the fair value of financial instruments are inadequate, the fair value of such financial instruments may fluctuate unexpectedly or may not accurately reflect what we could realize upon sale or settlement of such financial instruments. Any such failure in management s analytical or forecasting models could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Changes in accounting standards could materially impact our financial statements. From time to time, the FASB or the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, may change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. Such changes may result in us being subject to new or changing accounting and reporting standards. In addition, the bodies that interpret the accounting standards (such as banking regulators or outside auditors) may change their interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. These changes may be beyond our control, can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, or apply an existing standard differently, also retrospectively, in each case resulting in our needing to revise or restate prior period financial statements. Failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. Management regularly monitors, reviews and updates our disclosure controls and procedures, including our internal control over financial reporting. Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable assurances that the controls will be effective. Any failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could prevent us from accurately reporting our financial results, preventing or 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 detecting fraud or providing timely and reliable financial information pursuant to our reporting obligations, which could result in a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting and the restatement of previously filed financial statements and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, ineffective internal controls could cause our investors to lose confidence in our financial information, which could affect the trading price of our common stock. We may be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional customers. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or customer. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to us. There is no assurance that any such losses would not materially and adversely affect our results of operations or earnings . Interest rates on our outstanding financial instruments might be subject to change based on regulatory developments, which could adversely affect our revenue, expenses, and the value of those financial instruments. On July 27, 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, publicly announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021. The ICE Benchmark Administration (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, announced on November 30, 2020, that it would cease publishing the one-week and two-month LIBOR rates on December 31, 2021, but would continue publishing the one-, three-, six-, and twelve-month LIBOR rates until June 30, 2023. Regardless, the federal banking agencies also issued guidance on November 30, 2020, encouraging banks to: (i) stop using LIBOR in new financial contracts no later than December 31, 2021; and (ii) either use a rate other than LIBOR or include clear language defining the alternative rate that will be applicable after LIBOR s discontinuation. To address the problem created by legacy financial contracts that incorporate LIBOR as their reference interest rate, but extend beyond the date after which LIBOR will be published, on March 15, 2022, Congress enacted the LIBOR Act. On December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve adopted a final rule implementing the LIBOR Act by adopting benchmark rates based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR that will replace LIBOR in certain financial contracts after June 30, 2023. Our adjustable-rate commercial real estate loans are generally based on the WSJPR or LIBOR, and as of December 31, 2022, most of our loans were based on WSJPR. However, we may not be able to successfully eliminate all loans tied to LIBOR prior to 2023. Even with fallback provisions contained within remaining LIBOR tied loans, changes to or the discontinuance of LIBOR could result in customer uncertainty and disputes around how variable rates should be calculated. All of this could result in damage to our reputation, loss of customers and additional costs to us, all of which could be material. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had only six loans tied to LIBOR with outstanding balances totaling 23.9 million. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and resulting adverse economic conditions have adversely impacted, and could continue to adversely impact, our business and results. While the level of disruption caused by, and the economic impact of, COVID-19 subsided in 2022, the extent and duration to which the continuing COVID-19 pandemic will impact our business in the future is unknown and will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and outside our control. These developments include the duration and severity of the pandemic (including the possibility of further surges of new or existing COVID-19 variants of concern), supply chain disruptions, decreased demand for our products and services or those of our borrowers, which could increase our credit risk, rising inflation, our ability to maintain sufficient qualified personnel due to labor shortages, talent attrition, employee illness, willingness to return to work, and the actions taken by governments, businesses and individuals to contain the impact of COVID-19, as well as further actions taken by governmental authorities to limit the resulting economic impact. It is also possible that the pandemic and its aftermath will lead to a prolonged economic slowdown in sectors disproportionately affected by the pandemic or recession in the U.S. economy or the world economy in general. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Legislative and Regulatory Events We are subject to extensive government regulation that could limit or restrict our activities, which in turn may adversely impact our ability to increase our assets and earnings. We operate in a highly regulated environment and are subject to supervision and regulation by a number of governmental regulatory agencies, including the Federal Reserve, the DBF and the FDIC. Regulations adopted by these agencies, which are generally intended to provide protection for depositors and customers rather than for the benefit of shareholders, govern a comprehensive range of matters relating to ownership and control of our shares, our acquisition of other companies and businesses, permissible activities for us to engage in, maintenance of adequate capital levels, and other aspects of our operations. These bank regulators possess broad authority to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or violations of law. The laws and regulations applicable to the banking industry could change at any time and we cannot predict the effects of these changes on our business, profitability or growth strategy. Increased regulation could increase our cost of compliance and adversely affect profitability. Moreover, certain of these regulations contain significant punitive sanctions for violations, including monetary penalties and limitations on a bank s ability to implement components of its business plan, such as expansion through mergers and acquisitions or the opening of new branch offices. In addition, changes in regulatory requirements may add costs associated with compliance efforts. Furthermore, government policy and regulation, particularly as implemented through the Federal Reserve System, significantly affect credit conditions. Negative developments in the financial industry and the impact of new legislation and regulation in response to those developments could negatively impact our business operations and adversely impact our financial performance. Federal and state regulators periodically examine our business, and we may be required to remediate adverse examination findings. The Federal Reserve, the FDIC, and the DBF periodically examine our business, including our compliance with laws and regulations. If, as a result of an examination, a banking agency were to determine that our financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, interest rate sensitivity or other aspects of any of our operations had become unsatisfactory, or that we were in violation of any law or regulation, they may take a number of different remedial actions as they deem appropriate. These actions include the power to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to require affirmative action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to restrict our growth, to assess civil money penalties, to fine or remove officers and directors and, if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent risk of loss to depositors, to terminate our deposit insurance and place us into receivership or conservatorship. Any regulatory action against us could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The Federal Reserve has implemented significant monetary policies and economic strategies that have impacted interest rates, inflation, asset values, and the shape of the yield curve, over which the Company has no control and which the Company may not be able to adequately anticipate. In recent years, the Federal Reserve implemented a series of accommodative domestic monetary initiatives. Several of these have emphasized so-called quantitative easing strategies and decreases to the Federal funds target rate. The Federal Reserve reduced rates five times during 2019 through 2021. However, in response to the significant increase in the domestic inflation rate in the U.S, the Federal Reserve increased the federal funds target rate seven times in 2022 for a total increase of 4.25 , and indicated additional increases would be forthcoming in 2023. Also during 2022, the Federal reserve has implemented quantitative tightening. Further rate changes reportedly are dependent on the Federal Reserve s assessment of economic data as it becomes available. The Company cannot predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary, economic, or other policies or the effect that they may have on the Company s business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 We are subject to federal and state fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to material penalties. Federal and state fair lending laws and regulations, such as the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act, impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The Department of Justice, CFPB and other federal and state agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. A successful challenge to our performance under the fair lending laws and regulations could adversely impact our rating under the Community Reinvestment Act and result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, imposition of restrictions on merger and acquisition activity and restrictions on expansion activity, which could negatively impact our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. The Federal Reserve may require us to commit capital resources to support the Bank. The Federal Reserve, which examines us and the Bank, requires a bank holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to a subsidiary bank and to commit resources to support such subsidiary bank. Under the source of strength doctrine, the Federal Reserve may require a bank holding company to make capital injections into a troubled subsidiary bank and may charge the bank holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to commit resources to such a subsidiary bank. In addition, The Bank is subject to capital adequacy guidelines and other regulatory requirements specifying minimum amounts and types of capital which the Bank must maintain. From time to time, the regulators implement changes to these regulatory capital adequacy guidelines. If the Bank fails to meet these minimum capital guidelines and other regulatory requirements, our financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. We may also be required to satisfy additional capital adequacy standards as determined by the Federal Reserve. These requirements, and any other new regulations, could adversely affect our ability to pay dividends, or could require us to reduce business levels or to raise capital, including in ways that may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. We could face a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, the USA PATRIOT Act and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain effective anti-money laundering programs and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports as appropriate. FinCEN, established by the U.S. Department of the Treasury to administer the Bank Secrecy Act, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and engages in coordinated enforcement efforts with the individual federal banking regulators, as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration and IRS. There is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by OFAC related to U.S. sanctions regimes. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient or the policies, procedures and systems of the financial institutions that we have already acquired or may acquire in the future are deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions such as restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan, including our acquisition plans, which would negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us. Our deposit insurance premiums could be substantially higher in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our future earnings. The FDIC insures deposits at FDIC-insured depository institutions, such as the Bank, up to applicable limits. The amount of a particular institution s deposit insurance assessment is based on that institution s risk classification under an FDIC risk-based assessment system. An institution s risk classification is assigned based on its capital levels and the level of supervisory concern the institution poses to its regulators. We are generally unable to control the amount of premiums that we are required to pay for FDIC insurance. Any future additional assessments, increases or required prepayments in FDIC insurance premiums could reduce our profitability, may limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities or otherwise negatively impact our operations. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock The Company s directors may have interests that differ from other shareholders, and such directors have ownership interests in the Company that, when aggregated with holdings of their extended families and their affiliated entities, may allow such individuals and entities to take certain corporate actions without the consent of other shareholders. As of December 31, 2022, our directors and their families and affiliated entities collectively had a 31.5 ownership interest in the Company. As a result, our directors initially may be able to elect the majority of our entire board of directors, control the management and policies of the Company and, in general, determine, without the consent of the other shareholders, the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matter submitted to the shareholders for approval, including mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, and will be able to prevent or cause a change in control of the Company. An investment in our common stock is not an insured deposit and may lose value. Securities that we issue, including our common stock, are not savings or deposit accounts or other obligations of any bank, insured by the FDIC, any other governmental agency or instrumentality, or any private insurer, and are subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of our shareholders investments. Investment in our common stock is inherently risky for the reasons described herein, and is subject to the same market forces that affect the price of common stock in any company. As a result, if you acquire our common stock, you could lose some or all of your investment. ESG risks could adversely affect our reputation and shareholder, employee, client and third party relationships and may negatively affect our stock price. Our business faces increasing public scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance ESG activities. We risk damage to our brand and reputation if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as diversity, equity, inclusion, environmental stewardship, human capital management, support for our local communities, corporate governance and transparency, or fail to consider ESG factors in our business operations. Furthermore, as a result of our diverse base of clients and business partners, we may face potential negative publicity based on the identity of our clients or business partners and the public s (or certain segments of the public s) view of those entities. Such publicity may arise from traditional media sources or from social media and may increase rapidly in size and scope. If our client or business partner relationships were to become intertwined in such negative publicity, our ability to attract and retain clients, business partners, and employees may be negatively impacted, and our stock price may also be negatively impacted. Additionally, we may face pressure to not do business in certain industries that are viewed as harmful to the environment or are otherwise negatively perceived, which could impact our growth. Additionally, investors and shareholder advocates are placing ever increasing emphasis on how corporations address ESG issues in their business strategy when making investment decisions and when developing their investment theses and proxy recommendations. We may incur meaningful costs with respect to our ESG efforts and if such efforts are negatively perceived, our reputation and stock price may suffer. In addition, ongoing legislative or regulatory uncertainties and changes regarding climate risk management and practices may result in higher regulatory, compliance, credit and reputational risks and costs. If equity research analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they do publish such reports but issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our common stock the price and trading volume of our common stock could decline. The trading market for our common stock could be affected by whether equity research analysts publish research or reports about us and our business. We cannot predict at this time whether any research analysts will publish research and reports on us and our common stock. If one or more equity analysts do cover us and our common stock and publish research reports about us, the price of our stock could decline if one or more securities analysts downgrade our stock or if those analysts issue other unfavorable commentary or cease publishing reports about us or our business. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 If any of the analysts who elect to cover us downgrades our stock, our stock price could decline rapidly. If any of these analysts ceases coverage of us, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our common stock price or trading volume to decline and our common stock to be less liquid. Our dividend policy may change, and consequently, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment may be if the price of our common stock appreciates. We have paid quarterly dividends to our shareholders for the past nine years. We have no obligation to pay dividends and we may change our dividend policy at any time without notice to our shareholders. Holders of our common stock are only entitled to receive such cash dividends as our board of directors, in its discretion, may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Furthermore, consistent with our strategic plans, growth initiatives, capital availability and requirements, projected liquidity needs, financial condition, and other factors, we have made, and will continue to make, capital management decisions and policies that could adversely impact the amount of dividends paid to our shareholders. We are a separate and distinct legal entity from our subsidiary, the Bank. We receive substantially all of our revenue from dividends from the Bank, which we use as the principal source of funds to pay our expenses. Various federal and/or state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that the Bank may pay us. Such limits are also tied to the earnings of our subsidiary. If the Bank does not receive regulatory approval or if the Bank s earnings are not sufficient to make dividend payments to us while maintaining adequate capital levels, our ability to pay our expenses and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. We may need to raise additional capital in the future. We are required to meet certain regulatory capital requirements and maintain sufficient liquidity. We are generally not restricted from issuing additional shares of our common stock up to the authorized number of shares set forth in our charter. We may need to raise additional capital in the future to provide us with sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet our commitments and business needs, which could include the possibility of financing acquisitions. Our ability to raise additional capital depends on conditions in the capital markets, economic conditions and a number of other factors, including investor perceptions regarding the banking industry, market conditions and governmental activities, and on our financial condition and performance. We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of our common stock will have on the market price of our common stock. Accordingly, we may be unable to raise additional capital if needed or on terms acceptable to us. Further, such additional capital could result in dilution to our existing shareholders. If we or the Bank fail to maintain capital to meet regulatory requirements, our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as our ability to maintain compliance with regulatory capital requirements, would be materially and adversely affected. We have the ability to incur debt and pledge our assets, including our stock in the Bank, to secure that debt. We have the ability to incur debt and pledge our assets to secure that debt. Absent special and unusual circumstances, a holder of indebtedness for borrowed money has rights that are superior to those of holders of common stock. For example, interest must be paid to the lender before dividends can be paid to the shareholders, and loans must be paid off before any assets can be distributed to shareholders if we were to liquidate. Furthermore, we would have to make principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, which could reduce our profitability or result in net losses on a consolidated basis even if the Bank were profitable. We are an emerging growth company, and the reduced regulatory and reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an emerging growth company, as described in the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of reduced regulatory and reporting requirements that are otherwise generally applicable to public companies. These include, without limitation, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced financial reporting requirements, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation, and exemptions from the requirements of holding non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation and golden parachute payments. In addition, even if we comply with the greater 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 obligations of public companies that are not emerging growth companies, we may avail ourselves of the reduced requirements applicable to emerging growth companies from time to time in the future, so long as we are an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, though we will cease to be an emerging growth company earlier if we have more than 1 billion in annual gross revenues, have more than 700 million in market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates, or issue more than 1 billion of non-convertible debt in a three-year period. Investors and securities analysts may find it more difficult to evaluate our common stock because we will rely on one or more of these exemptions and, as a result, investor confidence or the market price of our common stock may be materially and adversely affected. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties The Company s corporate headquarters and Metro City Bank s main office is located at 5114 Buford Highway NE, Atlanta, GA 30340. Metro City Bank owns this property. We also currently operate 18 additional full service-branches, which are all leased, located in multi-ethnic communities in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, New York, New Jersey, Texas and Virginia. We believe that our banking offices are in good condition and are suitable and adequate to our needs. Item 3. Legal Proceedings We are subject to various legal actions that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business. While the ultimate outcome of pending procedures cannot be predicted with certainty, at this time management does not expect that any such proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. However, one or more unfavorable outcomes in any legal action against us could have a material adverse effect for the period in which they are resolved. In addition, regardless of their merits or their ultimate outcomes, such matters are costly, divert management s attention and may materially adversely affect our reputation, even if resolved in our favor. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information and Holders of Record Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol MCBS . Our common stock began trading on Nasdaq Global Select Market on October 3, 2019. Prior to that date, our common stock was traded on the OTCQX Market under the same symbol. As of March 3, 2023, there were 25,143,675 shares of common stock outstanding held by approximately 174 shareholders of record of our common stock as reported by our transfer agent. Dividends It has been our policy to pay quarterly dividends to holders of our common stock. We have paid quarterly dividends to our shareholders in amounts up to 30 of our net income over the past nine years. We have no obligation to pay dividends and we may change our dividend policy at any time without notice to our shareholders. Any future determination to pay dividends to holders of our common stock will depend on our results of operations, financial condition, capital 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 requirements, banking regulations, contractual restrictions and any other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. As a Georgia corporation, the Company is subject to certain restrictions on dividends under the Georgia Business Corporation Code. We are also subject to certain restrictions on the payment of cash dividends as a result of banking laws, regulations and policies. See Item 1. Business - Regulation and Supervision - Regulation of the Company - Payment of Dividends. Equity Compensation Plan Information Please see Item 12 of this Annual Report for information with respect to shares of common stock that are authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities On April 23, 2021, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase up to 1,000,000 shares of its common stock. The share repurchase program began on April 27, 2021 and ended on December 31, 2021. On May 5, 2022, the Company announced that the Board of Directors of the Company approved the re-adoption of the share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 689,191 shares of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock. The share repurchase program began on May 6, 2022 and ended on January 9, 2023. The repurchases were made in compliance with all SEC rules, including Rule 10b-18, and other legal requirements and may be made in part under Rule 10b5-1 plans, which permits share repurchases when the Company might otherwise be precluded from doing so. Repurchases can be made from time-to-time in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions depending on market and/or other conditions. The repurchase program may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. The following table summarizes the repurchases of our common shares for the three months ended December 31, 2022. 

Total Number of Shares Repurchased Maximum Number of as Part of Publicly Shares That May Yet Be Total Number of Average Price Paid Announced Purchased Under Shares Repurchased Per Share Plans or Programs the Plans or Programs October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 56,807 20.94 56,807 436,468 November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 38,303 21.80 38,303 398,165 December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 105,598 21.61 105,598 292,567 Total 200,708 21.40 200,708 292,567 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Stock Performance Graph The following graph compares the cumulative total return on our common stock with the cumulative total return of the Nasdaq Composite Index and the S P U.S. Small Cap Bank Index for the period beginning on December 31, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The following reflects index values as of close of trading, assumes 100.00 invested on December 31, 2020, in our common stock, the Nasdaq Composite Index and the S P U.S. Small Cap Bank Index, and assumes the reinvestment of dividends, if any. The historical price of our common stock represented in this graph represents past performance and is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 

Index December 31, 2020 March 31, 2021 June 30, 2021 September 30, 2021 December 31, 2021 March 31, 2022 June 30, 2022 September 30, 2022 December 31, 2022 MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. 100.00 107.39 123.02 148.21 195.73 167.93 146.32 142.54 158.06 Nasdaq Composite Index 100.00 102.78 112.54 112.11 121.39 110.34 85.57 82.06 81.21 S P U.S. Small Cap Bank Index 100.00 128.27 126.63 131.68 139.21 135.57 117.16 119.45 122.74 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risk, uncertainties and assumptions. Certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, including but not limited to those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Risk Factors, and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward looking statements. We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements. Overview We are MetroCity Bankshares, Inc., a bank holding company headquartered in the Atlanta, Georgia metropolitan area. We operate through our wholly-owned banking subsidiary, Metro City Bank, a Georgia state-chartered commercial bank that was founded in 2006. We currently operate 19 full-service branch locations in multi-ethnic communities in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, New York, New Jersey, Texas and Virginia. We are focused on delivering full-service banking services in markets, predominantly Asian-American communities in growing metropolitan markets in the Eastern U.S. and Texas. Prior to December 2014, we operated without a holding company, and in December 2014, the Bank formed MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. as its holding company. On December 31, 2014, MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. acquired all of the outstanding common stock of Metro City Bank as a part of the holding company formation transaction. We are a bank holding company and we conduct all of our material business operations through the Bank. As a result, the discussion and analysis relates to activities primarily conducted at the Bank level. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our accounting and reporting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and conform to general practices within the industry in which we operate. To prepare financial statements in conformity with GAAP, management makes estimates, assumptions and judgments based on available information. These estimates, assumptions and judgments affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates, assumptions, and judgments are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements and, as this information changes, actual results could differ from the estimates, assumptions and judgments reflected in the financial statement. In particular, management has identified several accounting policies that, due to the estimates, assumptions and judgments inherent in those policies, are critical in understanding our financial statements. The following is a discussion of the critical accounting policies and significant estimates that require us to make complex and subjective judgments. Additional information about these policies can be found in Note 1 of our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022, included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Allowance for Loan Losses The ALL is a valuation allowance for probable incurred credit losses. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. Management estimates the allowance balance required using past loan loss experience, the nature and volume of the portfolio, information about specific borrower situations and estimated collateral values, economic conditions, and other factors. Allocations of the allowance may be made for specific loans, but the entire allowance is available for any loan that, in management s judgment, should be charged off. The ALL is maintained at a level that management believes is appropriate to provide for known and inherent incurred loan losses as of the date of the consolidated balance sheet and we have established methodologies for the determination of its adequacy. The methodologies are set forth in a formal policy and take into consideration the need for an overall general valuation allowance as well as specific allowances that are determined on an individual loan basis. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates that are susceptible to significant change including the amounts and timing of future cash flows expected to be received on impaired loans. Results of Operations Net Income Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 We recorded net income of 62.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 61.7 million for the same period in 2021, an increase of 901,000, or 1.5 . The increase was due to a 15.4 million increase in net interest income and a 9.7 decrease in provision for loan losses, offset by a 14.6 million decrease in noninterest income, a 1.9 million increase in noninterest expense and a 7.7 million increase in provision for income taxes. Basic and diluted earnings per common share for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 2.46 and 2.44, respectively, compared to 2.41 and 2.39 for the basic and diluted earnings per common share for the same period in 2021. Year ended December 31, 2021 compared to year ended December 31, 2020 We recorded net income of 61.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 36.4 million for the same period in 2020, an increase of 25.3 million, or 69.5 . The increase was due to a 38.1 million increase in net interest income and a 6.6 million increase in noninterest income, offset by a 3.5 million increase in provision for loan losses, a 7.3 million increase in noninterest expense and a 8.6 million increase in provision for income taxes. Basic and diluted earnings per common share for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 2.41 and 2.39, respectively, compared to 1.42 and 1.41 for the basic and diluted earnings per common share for the same period in 2020. Net Interest Income The management of interest income and expense is fundamental to our financial performance. Net interest income, the difference between interest income and interest expense, is the largest component of the Company s total revenue. Management closely monitors both total net interest income and the net interest margin (net interest income divided by average earning assets). We seek to maximize net interest income without exposing the Company to an excessive level of interest rate risk through our asset and liability policies. Interest rate risk is managed by monitoring the pricing, maturity and repricing options of all classes of interest-bearing assets and liabilities. Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 Net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 119.6 million compared to 104.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 15.4 million, or 14.8 . Interest income totaled 147.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 38.5 million, or 35.4 , from the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a 661.4 million increase in average loans while the yield on average loans increased by four basis points. We recognized PPP loan fee income of 1.0 million during 2022 compared to PPP loan fee income of 5.4 million during 2021. Average earning assets increased by 692.4 million, primarily due to an increase of 661.4 million in average loans and 31.0 million in average investment securities, fed funds sold and interest-bearing cash accounts. The increase in average loans included increases of 653.0 million in average residential real estate loans and 85.0 million in average commercial real estate loans, offset by decreases of 12.5 million in average construction and development loans and 64.1 million in average commercial and industrial loans. Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 23.0 million to 27.6 million compared to interest expense of 4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase is primarily attributable to a 491.3 million increase in average deposit balances and a 100 basis points increase in deposit costs, which includes a 119 basis points 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 increase in the average yield on money market deposits and an 84 basis points decrease in the average yield on time deposits. Average borrowings outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 150.2 million with an increase in rate of 81 basis points compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The net interest margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3.95 compared to 4.45 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 50 basis points. The cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased by 96 basis points to 1.25 from 0.29 , while the yield on interest-earning assets increased by 21 basis points to 4.86 from 4.65 for the previous year. Average earning assets increased by 692.4 million, primarily due to an increase of 661.4 million in average loans and an increase of 31.0 million in average total investments. Average interest-bearing liabilities increased by 641.5 million as average interest-bearing deposits increased by 491.3 million and average borrowings increased by 150.2 million. Year ended December 31, 2021 compared to year ended December 31, 2020 Net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 104.2 million compared to 66.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 38.1 million, or 57.5 . Interest income totaled 108.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 31.1 million, or 40.1 , from the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily due to a 722.7 million increase in average loans while the yield on average loans decreased by 36 basis points. We also recognized PPP loan fee income of 5.4 million during 2021 compared to PPP loan fee income of 1.7 million during 2020. Average earning assets increased by 756.9 million, primarily due to an increase of 722.7 million in average loans and 60.3 million in average fed funds sold and interest-bearing cash accounts. The increase in average loans included increases of 674.2 million in average residential real estate loans, 25.5 million in average commercial real estate loans, 16.4 million in average construction and development loans, and 7.3 million in average commercial and industrial loans, which includes 77.0 million in average PPP loans. Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 decreased 6.9 million to 4.6 million compared to interest expense of 11.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This decrease is primarily attributable to a 91 basis points decrease in deposit costs, which includes a 47 basis points decrease in the average yield on money market deposits and a 110 basis points decrease in the average yield on time deposits. Average borrowings outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased by 140.1 million with a decrease in rate of 41 basis points compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The net interest margin for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 4.45 compared to 4.18 for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 27 basis points. The cost of interest-bearing liabilities decreased by 86 basis points to 0.29 from 1.15 , while the yield on interest-earning assets decreased by 26 basis points to 4.65 from 4.91 for the previous year. Average earning assets increased by 756.9 million, primarily due to an increase of 722.7 million in average loans and an increase of 34.2 million in average total investments. Average interest-bearing liabilities increased by 565.6 million as average interest-bearing deposits increased by 425.5 million and average borrowings increased by 140.1 million. The inclusion of PPP loan average balances, interest and fees had an 11 basis points impact on the yield on average loans and a 12 basis point impact on the net interest margin for 2021. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Average Balances, Interest and Yields The following tables present, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, information about: (i) weighted average balances, the total dollar amount of interest income from interest-earning assets and the resultant average yields; (ii) average balances, the total dollar amount of interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities and the resultant average rates; (iii) net interest income; (iv) the interest rate spread; and (v) the net interest margin. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average Interest and Yield / Average Interest and Yield / Average Interest and Yield / (Dollars in thousands) Balance Fees Rate Balance Fees Rate Balance Fees Rate Earning Assets: Federal funds sold and other investments (1) 225,154 3,524 1.57 207,771 500 0.24 147,431 1,056 0.72 Securities purchased under agreements to resell 29,932 271 0.91 Investment securities 35,188 881 2.50 21,573 390 1.81 17,806 410 2.30 Total investments 260,342 4,405 1.69 229,344 890 0.39 195,169 1,737 0.89 Construction and development 35,562 1,898 5.34 48,076 2,513 5.23 31,658 1,685 5.32 Commercial real estate 589,017 38,582 6.55 503,968 29,750 5.90 478,481 27,316 5.71 Commercial and industrial 55,516 3,920 7.06 119,640 8,407 7.03 112,313 5,301 4.72 Residential real estate 2,090,389 98,277 4.70 1,437,377 67,058 4.67 763,136 41,391 5.42 Consumer and Other 193 138 71.50 188 123 65.43 989 179 18.10 Gross loans (2) 2,770,677 142,815 5.15 2,109,249 107,851 5.11 1,386,577 75,872 5.47 Total earning assets 3,031,019 147,220 4.86 2,338,593 108,741 4.65 1,581,746 77,609 4.91 Noninterest-earning assets 156,185 122,038 98,504 Total assets 3,187,204 2,460,631 1,680,250 Interest-bearing liabilities: NOW and savings deposits 186,061 1,046 0.56 112,943 222 0.20 68,610 166 0.24 Money market deposits 1,130,439 16,067 1.42 726,268 1,693 0.23 248,633 1,731 0.70 Time deposits 513,867 6,445 1.25 499,856 2,033 0.41 596,325 9,021 1.51 Total interest-bearing deposits 1,830,367 23,558 1.29 1,339,067 3,948 0.29 913,568 10,918 1.20 Borrowings 373,238 4,051 1.09 223,027 624 0.28 82,955 571 0.69 Total interest-bearing liabilities 2,203,605 27,609 1.25 1,562,094 4,572 0.29 996,523 11,489 1.15 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Noninterest-bearing deposits 599,340 559,797 394,338 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 63,997 76,727 62,153 Total noninterest-bearing liabilities 663,337 636,524 456,491 Shareholders equity 320,262 262,013 227,236 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 3,187,204 2,460,631 1,680,250 Net interest income 119,611 104,169 66,120 Net interest spread 3.61 4.36 3.76 Net interest margin 3.95 4.45 4.18 

 (1) Includes income and average balances for term federal funds, interest-earning cash accounts, and other miscellaneous earning assets. (2) Average loan balances include nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale. 

 44 

Table of Contents 
 Rate/Volume Analysis Increases and decreases in interest income and interest expense result from changes in average balances (volume) of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as changes in average interest rates. The following table sets forth the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income during the period shown. Information is provided with respect to (i) effects on interest income attributable to changes in volume (change in volume multiplied by prior rate) and (ii) effects on interest income attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). Change applicable to both volumes and rate have been allocated to volume. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to 2021 2021 Compared to 2020 Increase (Decrease) Due to Change in: Increase (Decrease) Due to Change in: (Dollars in thousands) Volume Yield/Rate Total Change Volume Yield/Rate Total Change Earning assets: Federal funds sold and other investments (1) 458 2,586 3,044 274 (830) (556) Securities purchased under agreements to resell (271) (271) Investment securities 505 (34) 471 19 (39) (20) Total investments 963 2,552 3,515 22 (869) (847) Construction and development (685) 70 (615) 752 76 828 Commercial real estate 5,030 3,802 8,832 3,460 (1,026) 2,434 Commercial and industrial (4,667) 180 (4,487) 407 2,699 3,106 Residential real estate 30,875 344 31,219 31,587 (5,920) 25,667 Consumer and Other 7 8 15 (94) 38 (56) Gross loans (2) 30,560 4,404 34,964 36,112 (4,133) 31,979 Total earning assets 31,523 6,956 38,479 36,134 (5,002) 31,132 Interest-bearing liabilities: NOW and savings deposits 197 627 824 90 (34) 56 Money market deposits 1,817 12,557 14,374 1,177 (1,215) (38) Time deposits 490 3,922 4,412 (1,934) (5,054) (6,988) Total interest-bearing deposits 2,504 17,106 19,610 (667) (6,303) (6,970) Borrowings 662 2,765 3,427 552 (499) 53 Total interest-bearing liabilities 3,166 19,871 23,037 (115) (6,802) (6,917) Net interest income 28,357 (12,915) 15,442 36,249 1,800 38,049 

 (1) Includes income and average balances for term federal funds, interest-earning cash accounts, and other miscellaneous earning assets. (2) Loan balances include nonaccrual loans and loans held for sale. 
 Provision for Loan Losses Credit risk is inherent in the business of making loans. We establish an ALL through charges to earnings, which are shown in the statements of operations as the provision for loan losses. Specifically identifiable and quantifiable known losses are promptly charged off against the allowance for loan losses. The provision for loan losses is determined by conducting a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of our ALL and charging the shortfall or excess, if any, to the current quarter s expense. This has the effect of creating variability in the amount and frequency of charges to earnings. The provision for loan losses and level of ALL for each period are dependent upon many factors, including loan growth, net charge-offs, changes in the composition of the loan portfolio, delinquencies, management s assessment of the quality of the loan portfolio, the valuation of problem loans and the general economic conditions in our market areas. The determination of the amount is complex and involves a high degree of judgment and subjectivity. Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 We recorded a credit provision for loan losses of 2.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 6.9 million provision expense recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. The credit provision for loan losses 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to the release of additional reserves allocated for the uncertainties in our loan portfolio caused by the COVID-19 pandemic as certain loans that were modified during the COVID-19 pandemic returned to their contractual payment terms. We did not experience the level of credit deterioration for these loans that we had initially anticipated. Our allowance for loan losses as a percentage of gross loans for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0.45 and 0.67 , respectively. None of the ALL balance was allocated to our PPP loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our ALL as a percent of gross loans is relatively lower than our peers due to our high percentage of residential mortgage loans, which tend to have lower allowance for loan loss ratios compared to other commercial or consumer loans. Year ended December 31, 2021 compared to year ended December 31, 2020 We recorded provision for loan losses of 6.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 3.5 million provision for loan losses recorded during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in our provision for loan losses during the year ended December 31, 2021 was partially due to the continued uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the significant growth in our loan portfolio. Our allowance for loan losses as a percentage of gross loans for the periods ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was 0.67 and 0.62 , respectively. Excluding outstanding PPP loans of 31.0 million and 92.4 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the ALL as a percentage of total loans was 0.68 and 0.66 , respectively. None of the ALL balance was allocated to our PPP loan portfolio at December 31, 2021 and 2020. Our ALL as a percent of gross loans is relatively lower than our peers due to our high percentage of residential mortgage loans, which tend to have lower allowance for loan loss ratios compared to other commercial or consumer loans. Noninterest Income Noninterest income is an important component of our total revenues. A portion of our noninterest income is associated with SBA and residential mortgage lending activity, consisting of gains on the sale of loans sold in the secondary market and servicing income from loans sold with servicing rights retained. Other sources of noninterest income include service charges on deposit accounts and other service charges, commissions and fees. The following table sets forth the major components of our noninterest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Change Change Noninterest Income: Service charges on deposit accounts 1,991 1,696 1,312 295 17.4 384 29.3 Other service charges, commissions and fees 9,725 14,437 8,545 (4,712) (32.6) 5,892 69.0 Gain on sale of residential mortgage loans 2,017 2,529 2,017 100.0 (2,529) (100.0) Mortgage servicing income, net (561) (564) 1,308 3 0.5 (1,872) (143.1) Gain on sale of SBA loans 2,068 10,952 6,467 (8,884) (81.1) 4,485 69.4 SBA servicing income, net 1,825 5,884 6,130 (4,059) (69.0) (246) (4.0) Other income 2,139 1,398 920 741 53.0 478 52.0 Total noninterest income 19,204 33,803 27,211 (14,599) (43.2) 6,592 24.2 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 Service charges on deposit accounts were 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 295,000, or 17.4 . The increase was primarily attributable to increased analysis fees and overdraft fees. Other service charges, commissions and fees decreased 4.7 million, or 32.6 , to 9.7 million for year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 14.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is mainly attributable to lower underwriting, processing and origination fees earned from our origination of residential mortgage loans as mortgage volume declined during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage loan originations totaled 833.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.20 billion during the year ended December 31, 2021. Total gain on sale of loans was 4.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 11.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 6.9 million, or 62.7 . Gain on sale of residential loans totaled 2.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to no gain on sale of residential mortgage loans recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021 as no mortgage loans were sold during 2021. We sold 94.9 million in residential mortgage loans with an average premium of 2.13 during the year ended December 31, 2022. Gain on sale of SBA loans totaled 2.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 11.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. We sold 31.5 million in SBA loans during the year ended December 31, 2022 with average premiums of 8.45 compared to the sale of 124.7 million in SBA loans with an average premium of 10.67 in the same period in 2021. Mortgage loan servicing income had an expense balance of 561,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to an expense balance of 564,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, a slight increase of 3,000, or 0.5 . Included in mortgage loan servicing income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 3.2 million in mortgage servicing fees compared to 4.7 million for 2021, and capitalized mortgage servicing assets of 761,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 0 for 2021. These amounts were offset by mortgage loan servicing asset amortization of 4.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 5.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded fair value impairment recovery of 163,000 on our mortgage servicing assets compared to a fair value impairment recovery of 478,000 recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. Our total residential mortgage loan servicing portfolio was 526.7 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 608.2 million at December 31, 2021. SBA servicing income was 1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 5.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of 4.1 million, or 69.0 . Our total SBA loan servicing portfolio was 465.1 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 543.0 million as of December 31, 2021. SBA servicing fees totaled 5.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 5.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our SBA servicing rights are carried at fair value and inputs used to calculate fair value change from period to period. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a 3.1 million fair value adjustment charge on our SBA servicing rights compared to a 619,000 fair value gain on our SBA servicing rights during the year ended December 31, 2021. Other noninterest income was 2.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 741,000, or 53.0 . The largest component of other noninterest income is the income on bank owned life insurance, which totaled 1.7 million and 1.1 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Year ended December 31, 2021 compared to year ended December 31, 2020 Service charges on deposit accounts were 1.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 384,000, or 29.3 . The increase was primarily attributable to increased analysis fees and wire transfer fees. Other service charges, commissions and fees increased 5.9 million, or 69.0 , to 14.4 million for year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 8.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase is mainly attributable to higher underwriting, processing and origination fees earned from our origination of residential mortgage loans as mortgage volume significantly increased during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. Mortgage loan originations totaled 1.20 billion during the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 484.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Total gain on sale of loans was 11.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 9.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 2.0 million, or 21.7 . We recorded no gain on sale of residential mortgage loans for the year ended December 31, 2021 as no mortgage loans were sold during the period compared to 2.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. We sold 92.7 million in residential mortgage loans with an average premium of 2.78 during the year ended December 31, 2020. Gain on sale of SBA loans totaled 11.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 6.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. We sold 124.7 million in SBA loans during the year ended December 31, 2021 with average premiums of 10.67 compared to the sale of 128.6 million in SBA loans with an average premium of 7.58 in the same period in 2020. Mortgage loan servicing income had an expense balance of 564,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to income of 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, a decrease of 1.9 million, or 143.1 . The decrease in mortgage loan servicing income was due to the decrease in capitalized mortgage servicing assets and mortgage servicing fees and increased servicing asset amortization. Included in mortgage loan servicing income for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 4.7 million in mortgage servicing fees compared to 6.4 million for 2020, and capitalized mortgage servicing assets of 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 1.0 million for 2020. These amounts were offset by mortgage loan servicing asset amortization of 5.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 5.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded fair value impairment recovery of 478,000 on our mortgage servicing assets compared to a fair value impairment of 641,000 recorded during the year ended December 31, 2020. Our total residential mortgage loan servicing portfolio was 608.2 million at December 31, 2021 compared to 961.7 million at December 31, 2020. SBA servicing income was 5.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 6.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, a decrease of 246,000, or 4.0 . Our total SBA loan servicing portfolio was 543.0 million as of December 31, 2021 compared to 507.4 million as of December 31, 2020. Our SBA servicing rights are carried at fair value. While our servicing portfolio grew, the inputs used to calculate fair value also changed, which resulted in a 619,000 increase to our SBA servicing rights during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded an increase of 1.5 million to our SBA servicing rights. Other noninterest income was 1.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 920,000 for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 478,000, or 52.0 . The largest component of other noninterest income is the income on bank owned life insurance which totaled 1.1 million and 587,000, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Noninterest Expense The following table sets forth the major components of our noninterest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 (Dollars in thousands 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Change Change Noninterest Expense: Salaries and employee benefits 30,502 30,112 25,500 390 1.3 4,612 18.1 Occupancy and equipment 4,857 5,028 5,083 (171) (3.4) (55) (1.1) Data processing 1,095 1,100 1,078 (5) (0.5) 22 2.0 Advertising 606 541 566 65 12.0 (25) (4.4) Other expenses 13,305 11,643 8,873 1,662 14.3 2,770 31.2 Total noninterest expense 50,365 48,424 41,100 1,941 4.0 7,324 17.8 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 Salaries and employee benefits expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 30.5 million compared to 30.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 390,000, or 1.3 . This increase was mainly attributable to the increase in the overall number of employees necessary to support our continued growth and annual salary adjustments, as well as increased restricted stock expense, offset by lower commissions paid to our loan officers as loan volume declined during the year ended December 31, 2022. The average number of full-time equivalent employees was 216 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 213 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Occupancy expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 4.9 million compared to 5.0 million for the same period during 2021, a decrease of 171,000, or 3.4 . This decrease was partially due to lower maintenance and repairs expense and rent expense. Data processing expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 remained flat at 1.1 million. Advertising expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 606,000 compared to 541,000 for 2021, an increase of 65,000, or 12.0 . The increase was consistent with the continued growth of our loans and deposit. Other expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 13.3 million compared to 11.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1.7 million, or 14.3 . The increase was primarily due to higher FDIC deposit insurance premiums, professional fees, communication expenses, and fair value losses on our equity investments, offset by lower loan and other real estate owned expenses. Included in other expenses were directors fees of 565,000 and 455,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Year ended December 31, 2021 compared to year ended December 31, 2020 Salaries and employee benefits expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 30.1 million compared to 25.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 4.6 million, or 18.1 . This increase was mainly attributable higher commissions paid to our loan officers as loan volume significantly increased during the year ended December 31, 2021, as well as the increase in the overall number of employees necessary to support our continued growth and annual salary adjustments. The average number of full-time equivalent employees was 213 for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 209 for the year ended December 31, 2020. Occupancy expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 5.0 million compared to 5.1 million for the same period during 2020, a slight decrease of 55,000, or 1.1 . This decrease was partially due to lower maintenance and repairs expense and rent expense. Data processing expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 remained flat at 1.1 million. Advertising expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 541,000 compared to 566,000 for 2020, a decrease of 25,000, or 4.4 . The decrease was due to management s ongoing efforts to reduce costs. Other expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 were 11.6 million compared to 8.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, an increase of 2.8 million, or 31.2 . The increase was primarily due to higher mortgage and other real estate owned expenses and FDIC insurance premiums, as well as increased operating and customer service expenses. Included in other expenses were directors fees of 455,000 and 383,000 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Income Tax Expense Income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 28.6 million, 20.9 million and 12.4 million, respectively. The Company s effective tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 31.4 , 25.3 and 25.4 , respectively. The significant increase in the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 was due to the re-allocation of state income tax apportionment schedules from prior year tax returns, as well as corrections for the treatment of prior year s state tax credits. We had a net deferred tax liability of 1.6 million at December 31, 2022, a net deferred tax asset of 2.2 million at December 31, 2021 and net deferred tax liability of 1.0 million at December 31, 2020. Return on Equity and Assets The following table sets forth our return on average assets, return on average equity, dividend payout ratio and average shareholders equity to average assets ratio for the periods indicated: 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Return on average assets 1.96 2.51 2.17 Return on average equity 19.55 23.55 16.02 Dividend payout ratio 24.52 19.17 28.32 Average shareholders equity to average assets 10.05 10.65 13.52 For the year ended December 31, 2022, our average equity includes 7.6 million of average accumulated other comprehensive income. This amount includes unrealized losses on our available for sale securities portfolio and significant unrealized gains on our interest rate derivatives. Excluding the average accumulated other comprehensive income balance, the return on average equity was 20.02 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The average accumulated other comprehensive icome balance had little to no impact on the return on average equity for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Financial Condition Total assets increased 321.1 million, or 10.3 , to 3.43 billion at December 31, 2022 as compared to 3.11 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase in total assets was primarily attributable to increases in loans held for investment of 550.6 million, federal funds sold of 19.7 million, bank owned life insurance of 9.7 million and interest rate derivative assets of 28.4 million, partially offset by a 281.6 million decrease in cash and due from banks which was used to help fund our loan growth. Loans Our loans represent the largest portion of our earning assets, substantially greater than the securities portfolio or any other asset category, and the quality and diversification of the loan portfolio is an important consideration when reviewing our financial condition. Our gross loans increased 553.8 million, or 22.1 , to 3.07 billion as of December 31, 2022 compared to 2.51 billion as of December 31, 2021. Our loan growth during the year ended December 31, 2022 was comprised of an increase of 8.9 million, or 23.0 , in construction and development loans, an increase of 136.8 million, or 26.3 , in commercial real estate loans, a decrease of 19.9 million, or 27.2 , in commercial and industrial loans, an increase of 427.9 million, or 22.8 , in residential real estate loans and an increase of 137,000, or 173.4 , in consumer and other loans. Included in commercial and industrial loans were PPP loans with outstanding balances totaling 713,000 and 31.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 The following table presents the ending balance of each major category in our loan portfolio at the dates indicated. 

December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (Dollars in thousands) Amount of Total Amount of Total Amount of Total Amount of Total Amount of Total Construction and Development 47,779 1.6 38,857 1.6 45,653 2.8 31,739 2.7 42,718 3.7 Commercial Real Estate 657,246 21.4 520,488 20.7 477,419 29.2 424,950 36.5 396,598 34.6 Commercial and Industrial 53,173 1.7 73,072 2.9 137,239 8.4 53,105 4.6 33,100 2.9 Residential Real Estate 2,306,915 75.3 1,879,012 74.8 974,445 59.6 651,645 56.0 670,341 58.5 Consumer and other 216 0.0 79 0.0 183 0.0 1,768 0.2 2,957 0.3 Total gross loans 3,065,329 100.0 2,511,508 100.0 1,634,939 100.0 1,163,207 100.0 1,145,714 100.0 Unearned income (9,640) (6,438) (4,595) (2,045) (2,139) Allowance for loan losses (13,888) (16,952) (10,135) (6,839) (6,645) Total loans, net 3,041,801 2,488,118 1,620,209 1,154,323 1,136,930 The following table presents the maturity distribution of our loans as of December 31, 2022. The table also shows the distribution of such loans between those loans with predetermined (fixed) interest rates and those with variable (floating) interest rates. 

December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) One Year or Less One to Five Years Five to Fifteen Years Over Fifteen Years Total Construction and Development 40,426 6,286 1,067 47,779 Commercial Real Estate 21,332 211,482 172,320 252,112 657,246 Commercial and Industrial 11,231 7,237 34,705 53,173 Residential Real Estate 1,044,896 1,262,019 2,306,915 Consumer and other 216 216 Total gross loans 73,205 225,005 1,252,988 1,514,131 3,065,329 Amounts with fixed rates 46,474 121,439 1,080,496 209,918 1,458,327 Amounts with floating or adjustable rates 26,731 103,566 172,492 1,304,213 1,607,002 Total gross loans 73,205 225,005 1,252,988 1,514,131 3,065,329 Our loan portfolio is concentrated in commercial real estate and residential mortgage loans with the remaining balance in construction and development, commercial and industrial, and consumer loans. 98.3 of our gross loans were secured by real property as of December 31, 2022, compared to 97.1 as of December 31, 2021 and 91.6 as of December 31, 2020. We have established concentration limits in the loan portfolio for commercial real estate loans, commercial and industrial loans, and unsecured lending, among others. All loan types are within established limits. We use underwriting guidelines to assess the borrowers historical cash flow to determine debt service, and we further stress test the debt service under higher interest rate scenarios. Financial and performance covenants are used in commercial lending agreements to allow us to react to a borrower s deteriorating financial condition, should that occur. For more information, see Item 1 Business Lending Activities. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 The principal categories of our loan portfolios are discussed below: Construction and development loans. Our construction and development loans are comprised of commercial construction and land acquisition and development construction. Interest reserves are generally established on real estate construction loans. These loans typically carry a fixed interest rate and have maturities of less than 18 months. Our LTV policy limits are 65 for construction and development loans. Additionally, we impose limits on the total dollar amount of this category of our portfolio. The risks inherent in construction lending may affect adversely our results of operations. Such risks include, among other things, the possibility that contractors may fail to complete, or complete on a timely basis, construction of the relevant properties; substantial cost overruns in excess of original estimates and financing; market deterioration during construction; and lack of permanent take-out financing. Loans secured by such properties also involve additional risk because they have no operating history. Advances on construction loans are made relative to the overall percentage of completion on the project in an effort to remain adequately secured. Such properties may not be sold or leased so as to generate the cash flow anticipated by the borrower. As of December 31, 2022, our construction and development loans comprised 47.8 million, or 1.6 , of total loans, compared to 38.9 million, or 1.6 , of total loans as of December 31, 2021. This compares to 45.7 million, or 2.8 , of total loans as of December 31, 2020. Commercial real estate loans. Commercial real estate loans include owner-occupied and non-owner occupied commercial real estate. We require our commercial real estate loans to be secured by what we believe to be well-managed property with adequate margins and we generally obtain a personal guarantee from responsible parties. We originate both fixed-rate and adjustable-rate loans with terms up to 25 years. At December 31, 2022, approximately 89.6 of our commercial real estate loans were owner-occupied. As of December 31, 2022, our loans secured by commercial real estate were 657.2 million, or 21.4 , of total loans compared to 520.5 million, or 20.7 , as of December 31, 2021. This increase was due to consistent loan production and market demand for these types of loans. Commercial real estate loans were 477.4 million, or 29.2 , of our portfolio as of December 31, 2020. Our non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans make up a small percentage of our overall commercial real estate loan portfolio. Non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans were 10.4 , 12.4 , and 13.6 , as a percentage of commercial real estate loans for the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. We originate both fixed and adjustable rate loans. Adjustable rate loans are based on LIBOR, prime rate or constant maturity treasury CMT ). At December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 25.2 and 20.9 of the commercial real estate portfolio consisted of fixed-rate loans, respectively. Our policy maximum LTV is 85 for commercial real estate loans. However, our weighted average LTV is well below this policy maximum. Newly originated and renewed non-SBA commercial real estate loans for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 carried a weighted average LTV of 57.7 and 59.5 , respectively. Commercial and industrial loans. We provide a mix of variable and fixed rate commercial and industrial loans. The loans are typically made to small and medium-sized businesses for working capital needs, business expansions and for trade financing. We extend commercial business loans on an unsecured and secured basis for working capital, accounts receivable and inventory financing, machinery and equipment purchases, and other business purposes. Generally, short-term loans have maturities ranging from six months to one year, and term loans have maturities ranging from five to ten years. Loans are generally intended to finance current transactions and typically provide for periodic principal payments, with interest payable monthly. Term loans generally provide for floating interest rates, with monthly payments of both principal and interest. As of December 31, 2022, our commercial and industrial loans comprised 53.2 million, or 1.7 , of total loans, compared to 73.1 million, or 2.9 of total loans as of December 31, 2021. This compares to 137.2 million, or 8.4 , of total loans as of December 31, 2020. These decreases were mainly due to the forgiveness of PPP loans that were originated in 2020 and 2021. A significant portion of both our commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loans are SBA loans. We are designated an SBA Preferred Lender under the SBA Preferred Lender Program. We offer mostly SBA 7(a) variable-rate 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 loans. We have historically sold the guaranteed portion (75 -90 of the SBA loans that we originate. Our SBA loans are typically made to small-sized retail, hotel/motel, service and distribution businesses for working capital needs or business expansions. SBA loans have maturities up to 25 years. Typically, non-real estate secured loans mature in less than 10 years. Collateral may also include inventory, accounts receivable and equipment, and may include personal guarantees. Our unguaranteed SBA loans collateralized by real estate are monitored by collateral type and included in our CRE Concentration Guidance. As of December 31, 2022, our SBA portfolio totaled 304.3 million compared to 269.8 million as of December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily the result of the Company electing to stop selling the guaranteed portion of our SBA loans beginning in the second quarter of 2022 since the sales premium offered by third party investors significantly declined compared to prior year. We originated and sold 136.7 million and 31.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to originations and sales of 285.8 million and 124.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. We originated and sold 245.7 million and 128.6 million of SBA loans during the year ended December 31, 2020. From our total SBA loan portfolio of 304.3 million at December 31, 2022, 269.8 million is secured by real estate and 34.5 million (including PPP loans of 713,000) is unsecured or secured by business assets, which we classify as commercial and industrial loans. As a preferred SBA lender, we participated in the Paycheck Protection Program PPP created under the CARES Act and implemented by the SBA to help provide loans to our business customers in need. During the first round of PPP funding in the second and third quarters of 2020, the Company approved and funded over 1,800 PPP loans totaling 97.0 million. These PPP loans were funded with our current cash balances and all PPP loans are fully guaranteed by the SBA. The SBA had granted forgiveness for these PPP loans for 99.9 of the PPP loans funded. The Economic Aid Act, signed into law on December 27, 2020, authorized an additional 284.5 billion in new PPP funding and extended the authority of lenders to make PPP loans through May 31, 2021. We participated in this new round of PPP loan funding by offering first and second draw loans. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had approved and funded over 1,000 PPP loans totaling 62.0 million under this new round of PPP loan funding. The SBA had granted forgiveness for these PPP loans for 99.0 of the PPP loans funded. Residential real estate loans. We originate mainly non-conforming single-family residential mortgage loans through our branch network, without the use of any third party originator. During 2022, our primary loan products were 15-year and 30-year fixed rate products and a five-year or ten-year hybrid adjustable rate mortgage which reprice after five or ten years to the one-year CMT plus certain spreads. We originate the residential mortgage loans to hold for investment and also sell on the secondary market when premiums are elevated. As of December 31, 2022, our residential real estate loans comprised 2.31 billion, or 75.3 , of total loans, compared to 1.88 billion, or 74.8 , of total loans as of December 31, 2021. This compares to 974.4 million, or 59.6 , of total loans as of December 31, 2020. The increase in 2022 was due to management s decision to hold all of our production for investment rather than sell our residential loans on the secondary market. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we originated 833.6 million and 1.20 billion and sold 94.9 and 0 million, respectively, in residential mortgage loans. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we originated 484.2 million and sold 92.7 million in residential mortgage loans. Consumer and other loans. These loans represent a small portion of our overall portfolio and primarily consists of purchased auto loan pools, overdrafts, and consumer lines of credit. Consumer loans carry a greater amount of risk and collections are dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability and thus are more likely to be adversely affected by job loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy. Furthermore, the application of various federal and state laws may limit the amount which can be recovered on such loans. As of December 31, 2022, our consumer and other loans totaled 216,000 compared to 79,000 as of December 31, 2021. This compares to 183,000 as of December 31, 2020. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Nonperforming Assets Loans are considered delinquent when principal or interest payments are past due 30 days or more. Delinquent loans may remain on accrual status between 30 days and 90 days past due. Loans on which the accrual of interest has been discontinued are designated as nonaccrual loans. Typically, the accrual of interest on loans is discontinued when principal and interest payments are past due 90 days or more or when, in the opinion of management, there is a reasonable doubt as to collectability in the normal course of business. When loans are placed on nonaccrual status, all interest previously accrued but not collected is reversed against current period interest income. Income on nonaccrual loans is subsequently recognized only to the extent that cash is received and the loan s principal balance is deemed collectible. Loans are restored to accrual status when loans become well-secured and management believes full collectability of principal and interest is probable. Real estate acquired as a result of foreclosure or by deed-in-lieu of foreclosure is classified as OREO until sold, and is carried at the balance of the loan at the time of foreclosure or at estimated fair value less estimated costs to sell, whichever is less. Nonperforming loans include loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing, loans accounted for on a nonaccrual basis and accruing restructured loans. Nonperforming assets consist of nonperforming loans plus OREO. Nonperforming loans were 20.2 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 11.8 million at December 31, 2021 and 13.1 million at December 31, 2020. The increase from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to a 1.2 million increase in nonaccrual commercial real estate loans and a 7.2 million increase in accruing troubled debt restructured loans. The decrease from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to a 2.4 million decrease in nonaccrual residential real estate loans, offset by a 857,000 increase in nonaccrual commercial real estate loans and 342,000 increase in loans past due ninety days or more and still accruing. The decrease from December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2020 was primarily attributable to a 1.4 million decrease in nonaccrual construction and development loans and 627,000 decrease in nonaccrual residential real estate loans. We did not recognize any interest income on nonaccrual loans during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. We recognized interest income on loans modified under troubled debt restructurings of 540,000, 131,000 and 143,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The following table sets forth the allocation of our nonperforming assets among our different asset categories as of the dates indicated. Nonperforming loans include nonaccrual loans, loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest, and loans modified under troubled debt restructurings. At December 31, 2022, included in nonaccrual loans were 4.9 million of commercial real estate loans, 136,000 in commercial and industrial loans and 5.0 million in residential real estate loans. Nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2021 comprised of 3.7 million of commercial real estate loans, 152,000 in commercial and industrial loans and 4.9 million in residential real estate loans. The weighted average LTV of nonaccrual residential real estate loans was approximately 51.4 at December 31, 2022. 

December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Nonaccrual loans 10,065 8,759 10,203 12,236 5,667 Past due loans 90 days or more and still accruing 180 342 Accruing troubled debt restructured loans 9,919 2,697 2,891 2,459 3,298 Total nonperforming loans 20,164 11,798 13,094 14,695 8,965 Other real estate owned 4,328 3,618 3,844 423 Total nonperforming assets 24,492 15,416 16,938 15,118 8,965 Nonperforming loans to gross loans 0.66 0.47 0.80 1.26 0.78 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.71 0.50 0.89 0.93 0.63 Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans 68.88 143.69 77.40 46.54 74.12 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Allowance for loan losses The allowance for loan losses is an estimate of probable incurred losses in the loan portfolio. Loans are charged-off against the allowance when management believes a loan balance is uncollectible. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance for loan losses. Management s methodology for estimating the allowance balance consists of several key elements, which include specific allowances on individual impaired loans and the formula driven allowances on pools of loans with similar risk characteristics. Allocations of the allowance may be made for specific loans, but the entire allowance is available for any loan that, in management s judgment, should be charged-off. The ALL is determined on a quarterly basis and reflects management s estimate of probable incurred credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio. We also rely on internal and external loan review procedures to further assess individual loans and loan pools, and economic data for overall industry and geographic trends. The computation includes element of judgment and high levels of subjectivity. A loan is considered impaired when it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Impaired loans include loans on nonaccrual status and performing restructured loans. Income from loans on nonaccrual status is recognized to the extent cash is received and when the loan s principal balance is deemed collectible. Depending on a particular loan s circumstances, we measure impairment of a loan based upon either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s observable market price, or the fair value of the collateral less estimated costs to sell if the loan is collateral dependent. A loan is considered collateral dependent when repayment of the loan is based solely on the liquidation of the collateral. Fair value, where possible, is determined by independent appraisals, typically on an annual basis. Between appraisal periods, the fair value may be adjusted based on specific events, such as if deterioration of quality of the collateral comes to our attention as part of our problem loan monitoring process, or if discussions with the borrower lead us to believe the last appraised value no longer reflects the actual market value for the collateral. The impairment amount on a collateral-dependent loan is charged-off to the allowance if deemed not collectible and the impairment amount on a loan that is not collateral-dependent is set up as a specific reserve. In cases where a borrower experiences financial difficulties and we make certain concessionary modifications to contractual terms, the loan is classified as a troubled debt restructuring. These concessions may include a reduction of the interest rate, principal or accrued interest, extension of the maturity date or other actions intended to minimize potential losses. Loans restructured at a rate equal to or greater than that of a new loan with comparable risk at the time the loan is modified may be excluded from restructured loan disclosures in years subsequent to the restructuring if the loans are in compliance with their modified terms. A restructured loan is considered impaired despite its accrual status and a specific reserve is calculated based on the present value of expected cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral less estimated costs to sell if the loan is collateral dependent. Interest income on impaired loans is accrued as earned, unless the loan is placed on non-accrual status. The allowance for loan losses was 13.9 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 16.9 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 3.0 million, or 18.1 . The decrease in the allowance for loan losses balance was due to the release of additional reserves allocated for uncertainties in our loan portfolio caused by the COVID-19 pandemic as certain loans that were modified during the COVID-19 pandemic returned to their contractual payment terms. We did not experience the level of credit deterioration for these loans that we had initially anticipated. The Company is not required to implement the provisions of the CECL accounting standard issued by the FASB in the ASU No. 2016-13 until January 1, 2023, and continued to account for the allowance for loan losses under the incurred loss model as of December 31, 2022. In determining the allowance and the related provision for loan losses, we consider three principal elements: (i) valuation allowances based upon probable losses identified during the review of impaired commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, construction and land development loans, (ii) allocations, by loan classes, on loan portfolios based on historical loan loss experience and qualitative factors and (iii) review of the credit discounts in relationship to the valuation allowance calculated for purchased loans. Provisions for loan losses are charged to operations to record changes to the total allowance to a level deemed appropriate by us. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 It is the policy of management to maintain the allowance for loan losses at a level adequate for risks inherent in the loan portfolio. The FDIC and GA DBF also review the allowance for loan losses as an integral part of their examination process. Based on information currently available, management believes that our allowance for loan losses is adequate. However, the loan portfolio can be adversely affected if economic conditions and the real estate market in our market areas were to weaken. The effect of such events, although uncertain at this time, could result in an increase in the level of nonperforming loans and increased loan losses, which could adversely affect our future growth and profitability. No assurance of the ultimate level of credit losses can be given with any certainty. Analysis of the Allowance for Loan Losses. The following table provides an analysis of the allowance for loan losses, provision for loan losses and net charge-offs for the periods presented below: 

December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Balance, beginning of period 16,952 10,135 6,839 6,645 6,925 Charge-offs: Construction and development Commercial real estate 67 109 237 88 Commercial and industrial 390 64 51 14 39 Residential real estate Consumer and other 97 525 1,939 Total charge-offs 390 131 257 776 2,066 Recoveries: Construction and development Commercial real estate 7 12 10 752 22 Commercial and industrial 81 25 Residential real estate Consumer and other 5 7 51 218 527 Total recoveries 93 19 86 970 549 Net charge-offs/(recoveries) 297 112 171 (194) 1,517 Provision for loan losses (2,767) 6,929 3,467 1,237 Balance, end of period 13,888 16,952 10,135 6,839 6,645 Total loans at end of period 3,065,329 2,511,508 1,634,939 1,163,207 1,145,714 Average loans (1) 2,761,195 2,109,249 1,365,129 1,218,219 1,110,451 Net charge-offs to average loans 0.01 0.01 0.01 (0.02) 0.14 Allowance for loan losses to total loans 0.45 0.67 0.62 0.59 0.58 

 (1) Excludes loans held for sale. 
 Management believes the allowance for loan losses is adequate to provide for losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 The following table presents a summary of the allocation of the allowance for loan losses by loan portfolio segment for the periods indicated: 

December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Allowance for of Loans to Allowance for of Loans to Allowance for of Loans to Allowance for of Loans to Allowance for of Loans to (Dollars in thousands) Loan Losses Total Loans Loan Losses Total Loans Loan Losses Total Loans Loan Losses Total Loans Loan Losses Total Loans Construction and Development 124 1.6 100 1.6 178 2.8 131 2.7 235 3.7 Commercial Real Estate 2,811 21.4 4,146 20.7 5,161 29.2 2,320 36.5 2,601 34.6 Commercial and Industrial 1,326 1.7 4,989 2.9 438 8.4 448 4.6 380 2.9 Residential Real Estate 9,626 75.3 7,717 74.8 4,350 59.6 3,457 56.0 3,042 58.5 Consumer and other 1 8 91 0.2 387 0.3 Unallocated 392 Total allowance for loan losses 13,888 100.0 16,952 100.0 10,135 100.0 6,839 100.0 6,645 100.0 Investment Securities Our securities portfolio is the third largest component of our interest earning assets. The portfolio serves the following purposes: (i) to optimize the Bank s income consistent with the investment portfolio s liquidity and risk objectives; (ii) to balance market and credit risks of other assets and the Bank s liability structure; (iii) to profitably deploy funds which are not needed to fulfill loan demand, deposit redemptions or other liquidity purposes; and (iv) to provide collateral which the Bank is required to pledge against public funds. We classify our debt securities as either available-for-sale or held-to-maturity at the time of purchase. Accounting guidance requires available-for-sale securities to be marked to fair value with an offset to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a component of shareholders equity. Monthly adjustments are made to reflect changes in the fair value of our available-for-sale securities. All of the debt securities in our investment portfolio were classified as available-for-sale as of December 31, 2022. All available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value. Securities available-for-sale consist primarily of U.S. government-sponsored agency securities, home mortgage-backed securities and state and municipal bonds. No issuer of the available-for-sale securities comprised more than ten percent of our shareholders equity as of December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. The following table presents the amortized cost and fair value of our available-for-sale securities portfolio as of the dates presented. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Obligations of U.S. Government entities and agencies 5,059 5,059 6,949 6,949 9,306 9,306 States and political subdivisions 8,121 6,403 8,169 8,361 7,182 7,429 Mortgage-backed GSE residential 9,540 7,783 10,562 10,423 1,368 1,382 Total securities available for sale 22,720 19,245 25,680 25,733 17,856 18,117 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Certain securities have fair values less than amortized cost and, therefore, contain unrealized losses. At December 31, 2022, we evaluated the securities which had an unrealized loss for other than temporary impairment (OTTI) and determined all declines in value to be temporary. We anticipate full recovery of amortized cost with respect to these securities by maturity, or sooner in the event of a more favorable market interest rate environment. We do not intend to sell these securities and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell them before recovery of the amortized cost basis, which may be at maturity. The following table sets forth certain information regarding contractual maturities and the weighted average yields of our investment securities available for sale as of the dates presented. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities if borrowers have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

As of December 31, 2022 One Year or Less More Than One Year Through Five Years More Than Five Years Through Ten Years More Than Ten Years Total Weighted Weighted Weighted Weighted Weighted (Dollars in thousands) Fair Value Average Yield Fair Value Average Yield Fair Value Average Yield Fair Value Average Yield Fair Value Average Yield Obligations of U.S. Government entities and agencies 5,059 3.55 5,059 3.55 States and political subdivisions 834 2.09 372 2.33 5,197 2.19 6,403 2.19 Mortgage-backed GSE residential 782 1.52 1,746 1.60 1,068 1.81 4,187 1.89 7,783 1.78 Total securities available for sale 782 1.52 7,639 2.94 1,440 1.94 9,384 2.06 19,245 2.32 We have not used interest rate swaps or other derivative instruments to hedge fixed rate loans or securities to otherwise mitigate our interest rate risk. Equity Securities As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had equity securities with carrying values totaling 10.3 million and 11.4 million, respectively. The equity securities consist of our investment in a bond mutual fund that invests in high quality fixed income bonds, mainly government agency securities whose proceeds are designed to positively impact community development throughout the United States. The mutual fund focuses exclusively on providing affordable housing to low- and moderate-income borrowers and renters, including those in Majority Minority Census Tracts. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized an unrealized loss of 1.1 million and 114,000, respectively, in net income on our equity securities. No unrealized gains or losses on equity securities were recognized in net income during the year ended December 31, 2020. Deposits Deposits represent the Bank s primary source of funds, and we gather deposits primarily through our branch locations, as well as the use of wholesale and brokered deposits. We offer a variety of deposit products including demand deposit accounts, interest-bearing products, savings accounts and certificate of deposits. We put continued effort into gathering 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 noninterest-bearing demand deposits accounts through marketing to our existing and new loan customers, customer referrals, and expansion into new markets. Total deposits increased 403.8 million, or 17.8 , to 2.67 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 2.26 billion at December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, 22.9 of total deposits were comprised of noninterest-bearing demand accounts and 77.1 of interest-bearing deposit accounts compared to 26.2 and 73.8 as of December 31, 2021, respectively. Total deposits increased 783.1 million, or 52.9 , to 2.26 billion at December 31, 2021 compared to 1.48 billion at December 31, 2020. Our noninterest-bearing demand accounts were 31.3 of total deposits and our interest-bearing deposits accounted for the remaining 68.7 of our deposits as of December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had estimated uninsured deposits of 874.7 million and 619.5 million, respectively. These estimates were derived using the same methodologies and assumptions used for the Bank s regulatory reporting. We had brokered deposits of 523.7 million, or 19.6 of total deposits, at December 31, 2022 compared to 425.1 million, or 18.8 of total deposits, at December 31, 2021 and 164.3 million, or 11.1 of total deposits, at December 31, 2020. We use brokered deposits, subject to certain limitations and requirements, as a source of funding to support our asset growth and augment the deposits generated from our branch network, which are our principal source of funding. Our level of brokered deposits varies from time to time depending on competitive interest rate conditions and other factors and tends to increase as a percentage of total deposits when the brokered deposits are less costly than issuing internet certificates of deposit or borrowing from the Federal Home Loan Bank. We use interest rate swap and cap agreements to hedge our deposit accounts that are indexed to the Federal Funds Effective rate. These swap agreements are designated as cash flow hedges. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount of deposits tied to the Federal Funds Effective rate was 951.9 million. See Note 10 of our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022, included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for additional information. The following table summarizes our average deposit balances and weighted average rates for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Weighted Weighted Weighted Average Average Average Average Average Average (Dollars in thousands) Balance Rate Balance Rate Balance Rate Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 599,340 559,797 394,338 Interest-bearing demand deposits 159,277 0.62 84,502 0.19 48,702 0.20 Savings and money market deposits 695,758 1.21 394,553 0.34 250,605 0.71 Brokered money market deposits 461,465 1.66 360,156 0.11 17,936 0.12 Time deposits 513,867 1.25 499,856 0.41 596,325 1.51 Total interest-bearing deposits 1,830,367 1.29 1,339,067 0.29 913,568 1.20 Total deposits 2,429,707 0.97 1,898,864 0.21 1,307,906 0.83 The following table sets forth the scheduled maturities of time deposits of 250,000 or greater as of December 31, 2022: 

(Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 Remaining maturity: Three months or less 11,814 Over three through six months 22,020 Over six through twelve months 282,165 Over twelve months 75,634 Total time deposits 250,000 or greater 391,633 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Borrowed Funds Other than deposits, the Company utilizes FHLB advances as a supplementary funding source to finance our operations. The advances from the FHLB are collateralized by residential real estate loans. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 375.0 million and 500.0 million, respectively, of outstanding advances from the FHLB. The following table provides information related to our FHLB Advances for the periods indicated: 

As of or for the Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Maximum amount outstanding at any month-end during the period 500,000 500,000 110,000 Balance outstanding at end of period 375,000 500,000 110,000 Average outstanding balance during the period 368,333 237,500 82,500 Weighted average interest rate during the period 1.16 0.26 0.69 Weighted average interest rate at end of period 1.94 0.12 0.58 In addition to our advances with the FHLB, we maintain federal funds agreements with our correspondent banks. Our available borrowings under these agreements were 47.5 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. We did not have any advances outstanding under these agreements for any of the periods presented. We also have access to the Federal Reserve s discount window in the amount of 10.0 million with no borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. We also maintain relationships in the capital markets with brokers to issue certificates of deposit and money market accounts. Liquidity Liquidity refers to the measure of our ability to meet the cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers, while at the same time meeting our operating, capital and strategic cash flow needs, all at a reasonable cost. We continuously monitor our liquidity position to ensure that assets and liabilities are managed in a manner that will meet all short-term and long-term cash requirements. We manage our liquidity position to meet the daily cash flow needs of customers, while maintaining an appropriate balance between assets and liabilities to meet the return on investment objectives of our shareholders. Our liquidity position is supported by management of liquid assets and access to alternative sources of funds. Our liquid assets include cash, interest-bearing deposits in correspondent banks, federal funds sold, and fair value of unpledged investment securities. Other available sources of liquidity include wholesale deposits and additional borrowings from correspondent banks, FHLB advances, and the Federal Reserve discount window. Our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements are primarily met through cash flow from operations, redeployment of prepaying and maturing balances in our loan and investment portfolios, and increases in customer deposits. Other alternative sources of funds will supplement these primary sources to the extent necessary to meet additional liquidity requirements on either a short-term or long-term basis. As part of our liquidity management strategy, we open federal funds lines with our correspondent banks. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 47.5 million of unsecured federal funds lines with no amounts advanced. In addition, we have access to the Federal Reserve s discount window in the amount of 10.0 million with no borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Federal Reserve discount window line is collateralized by a pool of commercial real estate loans and commercial and industrial loans. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 375.0 million and 500.0 million, respectively, of outstanding advances from the FHLB. Based on the values of residential mortgage loans pledged as collateral, we had 633.6 million and 326.9 million of additional borrowing availability with the FHLB as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We also maintain relationships in the capital markets with brokers to issue certificates of deposit and money market accounts. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Capital Requirements The Company and the Bank are required under federal law to maintain certain minimum capital levels based on ratios of capital to total assets and capital to risk-weighted assets. The required capital ratios are minimums, and the federal banking agencies may determine that a banking organization, based on its size, complexity or risk profile, must maintain a higher level of capital in order to operate in a safe and sound manner. Risks such as concentration of credit risks and the risk arising from non-traditional activities, as well as the institution s exposure to a decline in the economic value of its capital due to changes in interest rates, and an institution s ability to manage those risks are important factors that are to be taken into account by the federal banking agencies in assessing an institution s overall capital adequacy. For more information, see Item 1. Business Regulation and Supervision Regulation of the Company Capital Requirements. The table below summarizes the capital requirements applicable to the Company and the Bank in order to be considered well-capitalized from a regulatory perspective, as well as the Company s and the Bank s capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Bank exceeded all regulatory capital requirements and was considered to be well-capitalized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the FDIC categorized the Bank as well-capitalized under the prompt corrective action framework. There have been no conditions or events since December 31, 2022 that management believes would change this classification. While the Company believes that it has sufficient capital to withstand an extended economic recession, its reported and regulatory capital ratios could be adversely impacted in future periods. 

To Be Well Capitalized Minimum Capital Required Under Prompt Corrective (Dollars in thousands) Actual Basel III Action Provisions: Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio As of December 31, 2022 Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Consolidated 338,185 16.68 212,932 10.50 N/A N/A Bank 336,866 16.61 212,915 10.50 202,777 10.00 Tier I Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Consolidated 324,297 15.99 172,374 8.50 N/A N/A Bank 322,978 15.93 172,360 8.50 162,221 8.00 Common Tier 1 (CET1) Consolidated 324,297 15.99 141,955 7.00 N/A N/A Bank 322,978 15.93 141,944 7.00 131,805 6.50 Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) Consolidated 324,297 9.57 135,485 4.00 N/A N/A Bank 322,978 9.54 135,446 4.00 169,307 5.00 As of December 31, 2021 Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Consolidated 297,108 17.77 175,564 10.50 N/A N/A Bank 287,258 17.18 175,525 10.50 167,166 10.00 Tier I Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Consolidated 280,156 16.76 142,123 8.50 N/A N/A Bank 270,306 16.17 142,091 8.50 133,733 8.00 Common Tier 1 (CET1) Consolidated 280,156 16.76 117,043 7.00 N/A N/A Bank 270,306 16.17 117,016 7.00 108,658 6.50 Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) Consolidated 280,156 9.44 118,682 4.00 N/A N/A Bank 270,306 9.11 118,667 4.00 148,333 5.00 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Contractual Obligations The following table presents supplemental information regarding total contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022: 

Payments Due by Period at December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Less than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years More than 5 Years Total Deposits without a stated maturity 1,857,430 1,857,430 Time deposits 663,704 145,144 560 809,408 FHLB advances 25,000 350,000 375,000 Operating lease liabilities 1,776 3,222 2,406 1,481 8,885 Total contractual obligations 2,522,910 148,366 27,966 351,481 3,050,723 We believe that we will be able to meet our contractual obligations as they come due through the maintenance of adequate cash levels. We expect to maintain adequate cash levels through profitability, loan and securities repayment and maturity activity and continued deposit gathering activities. We have in place various borrowing mechanisms for both short-term and long-term liquidity needs. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We are a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of our customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in our consolidated balance sheet. The contractual or notional amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of involvement we have in particular classes of financial instruments. Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. We evaluate each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if we deem collateral is necessary upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by us to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. They are intended to be disbursed, subject to certain condition, upon request of the borrower. The following table presents outstanding financial commitments whose contractual amount represents credit risks as of the dates indicated: 

December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Commitments to extend credit 62,334 61,345 Standby letters of credit 6,303 4,674 Total off-balance sheet commitments 68,637 66,019 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Market Risk Market risk represents the risk of loss due to changes in market values of assets and liabilities. We incur market risk in the normal course of business through exposures to market interest rates, equity prices, and credit spreads. We have identified interest rate risk as our primary source of market risk. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Interest Rate Risk Interest rate risk is the risk to earnings and value arising from changes in market interest rates. Interest rate risk arises from timing differences in the repricings and maturities of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities (repricing risk), changes in the expected maturities of assets and liabilities arising from embedded options, such as borrowers ability to prepay home mortgage loans at any time and depositors ability to redeem certificates of deposit before maturity (option risk), changes in the shape of the yield curve where interest rates increase or decrease in a nonparallel fashion (yield curve risk), and changes in spread relationships between different yield curves, such as U.S. Treasuries and LIBOR (basis risk). Our board of directors establishes broad policy limits with respect to interest rate risk. As part of this policy the asset liability committee, or ALCO, establishes specific operating guidelines within the parameters of the board of directors policies. In general, the ALCO focuses on ensuring a stable and steadily increasing flow of net interest income through managing the size and mix of the balance sheet. The management of interest rate risk is an active process which encompasses monitoring loan and deposit flows complemented by investment and funding activities. Effective management of interest rate risk begins with understanding the dynamic characteristics of assets and liabilities and determining the appropriate interest rate risk posture given business forecasts, management objectives, market expectations, and policy constraints. An asset sensitive position refers to a balance sheet position in which an increase in short-term interest rates is expected to generate higher net interest income, as rates earned on our interest-earning assets would reprice upward more quickly than rates paid on our interest-bearing liabilities, thus expanding our net interest margin. Conversely, a liability sensitive position refers to a balance sheet position in which an increase in short-term interest rates is expected to generate lower net interest income, as rates paid on our interest-bearing liabilities would reprice upward more quickly than rates earned on our interest-earning assets, thus compressing our net interest margin. Interest rate risk measurement is calculated and reported to the ALCO at least quarterly. The information reported includes period-end results and identifies any policy limits exceeded, along with an assessment of the policy limit breach and the action plan and timeline for resolution, mitigation, or assumption of the risk. Evaluation of Interest Rate Risk We use income simulations, an analysis of core funding utilization, and economic value of equity (EVE) simulations as our primary tools in measuring and managing IRR. These tools are utilized to quantify the potential earnings impact of changing interest rates over a two year simulation horizon (income simulations) as well as identify expected earnings trends given longer term rate cycles (long term simulations, core funding utilizations, and EVE simulation). A standard gap report and funding matrix will also be utilized to provide supporting detailed information on the expected timing of cashflow and repricing opportunities. There are an infinite number of potential interest rate scenarios, each of which can be accompanied by differing economic/political/regulatory climates; can generate multiple differing behavior patterns by markets, borrowers, depositors, etc.; and, can last for varying degrees of time. Therefore, by definition, interest rate risk sensitivity cannot be predicted with certainty. Accordingly, the Bank s interest rate risk measurement philosophy focuses on maintaining an appropriate balance between theoretical and practical scenarios; especially given the primary objective of the Bank s overall asset/liability management process is to facilitate meaningful strategy development and implementation. Therefore, we model a set of interest rate scenarios capturing the financial effects of a range of plausible rate scenarios, the collective impact of which will enable the Bank to clearly understand the nature and extent of its sensitivity to interest rate changes. Doing so necessitates an assessment of rate changes over varying time horizons and of varying/sufficient degrees such that the impact of embedded options within the balance sheet are sufficiently examined. We use a net interest income simulation model to measure and evaluate potential changes in our net interest income. We run three standard and plausible comparing current or flat rates with a +/- 200 basis point ramp in rates over 12 months. These rate scenarios are considered appropriate as they are neither too modest (e.g. +/- 100 basis points) or too extreme (e.g. +/- 400 basis points) given the economic and rate cycles which have unfolded in the last 25 years. This 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 analysis also provides the foundation for historical tracking of interest rate risk. The impact of interest rate derivatives, such as interest rate swaps and caps, is included in the model. Potential changes to our net interest income in hypothetical rising and declining rate scenarios calculated as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are presented in the following table: 

Net Interest Income Sensitivity 12 Month Projection 24 Month Projection (Ramp in basis points) +200 -100 +200 -100 December 31, 2022 (1.60) 2.50 21.60 12.90 December 31, 2021 (3.60) (1.20) (8.70) (10.30) December 31, 2020 1.90 0.50 (2.00) (7.10) We also model the impact of rate changes on our Economic Value of Equity, or EVE. We base the modeling of EVE based on interest rate shocks as shocks are considered more appropriate for EVE, which accelerates future interest rate risk into current capital via a present value calculation of all future cashflows from the bank s existing inventory of assets and liabilities. Our simulation model incorporates interest rate shocks of +/- 100, 200, and 300 basis points. The results of the model are presented in the table below: 

Economic Value of Equity Sensitivity (Shock in basis points) +300 +200 +100 -100 December 31, 2022 (17.80) (11.90) (5.90) 6.90 December 31, 2021 (8.90) (3.60) (0.20) (11.90) December 31, 2020 3.90 4.20 2.60 (10.30) Our simulation model incorporates various assumptions, which we believe are reasonable but which may have a significant impact on results such as: (i) the timing of changes in interest rates; (ii) shifts or rotations in the yield curve; (iii) re-pricing characteristics for market-rate-sensitive instruments; (iv) varying loan prepayment speeds for different interest rate scenarios; and (v) the overall growth and mix of assets and liabilities. Because of limitations inherent in any approach used to measure interest rate risk, simulation results are not intended as a forecast of the actual effect of a change in market interest rates on our results but rather as a means to better plan and execute appropriate asset-liability management strategies and manage our interest rate risk. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 66 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 67 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 68 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 69 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 70 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 71 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 73 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Shareholders and the Board of Directors of MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. Doraville, Georgia Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. and subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. March 10, 2023 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 METROCITY BANKSHARES, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Assets: Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold Cash and cash equivalents Equity securities Securities available for sale (at fair value) Loans, less allowance for loan losses of and , respectively Accrued interest receivable Federal Home Loan Bank stock Premises and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use asset Foreclosed real estate, net SBA and USDA servicing asset, net Mortgage servicing asset, net Bank owned life insurance Interest rate derivatives Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Deposits: Non interest-bearing demand Interest-bearing Total deposits Federal Home Loan Bank advances Other borrowings Operating lease liability Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders Equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued or outstanding Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding , respectively Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity See accompanying notes to audited consolidated financial statements. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 METROCITY BANKSHARES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Interest and dividend income: Loans, including fees Other investment income Federal funds sold Total interest income Interest expense: Deposits FHLB advances and other borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for loan losses ) Net interest income after provision for loan losses Noninterest income: Service charges on deposit accounts Other service charges, commissions and fees Gain on sale of residential mortgage loans Mortgage servicing income, net ) ) Gain on sale of SBA loans SBA servicing income, net Other income Total noninterest income Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing Advertising Other expenses Total noninterest expense Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted See accompanying notes to audited consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 METROCITY BANKSHARES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Dollars in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized holding (losses) gains on securities available for sale arising during the period ) ) Net changes in fair value of cash flow hedges ) Tax effect ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income See accompanying notes to audited consolidated financial statements. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 METROCITY BANKSHARES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Accumulated Common Stock Additional Other Number of Paid-in Retained Comprehensive Shares Amount Capital Earnings Income (Loss) Total Balance, January 1, 2020 ) Net income Stock based compensation expense Vesting of restricted stock ) Other comprehensive income Dividends declared on common stock per share) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 Net income Stock based compensation expense Vesting of restricted stock ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends declared on common stock per share) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Net income Stock based compensation expense Vesting of restricted stock ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Dividends declared on common stock per share) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 See accompanying notes to audited consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 METROCITY BANKSHARES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Dollars in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flow from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, amortization and accretion Provision for loan losses ) Stock based compensation expense Unrealized losses recognized on equity securities Loss (gain) on sale of foreclosed real estate ) Writedown of foreclosed real estate Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) ) ) Origination of residential real estate loans held for sale ) Proceeds from sales of residential real estate loans Gain on sale of residential mortgages ) ) Origination of SBA loans held for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of SBA loans held for sale Gain on sale of SBA loans ) ) ) Increase in cash value of bank owned life insurance ) ) ) Increase in accrued interest receivable ) ) ) Decrease (increase) in SBA and USDA servicing rights ) ) Decrease in mortgage servicing rights (Increase) decrease in other assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable ) ) (Decrease) increase in other liabilities ) ) Net cash flow provided by operating activities Cash flow from investing activities: Redemption of securities under resell agreements Purchases of equity securities ) Purchases of securities available for sale ) ) Proceeds from maturities, calls or paydowns of securities available for sale Redemption (purchase) of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) ) Increase in loans, net ) ) ) Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of foreclosed real estate owned Purchase of bank owned life insurance ) ) ) Net cash flow used by investing activities ) ) ) Cash flow from financing activities: Increase in deposits, net Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances Repayments of Federal Home Loan Bank advances ) ) ) Decrease in other borrowings, net ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Net cash flow provided by financing activities See accompanying notes to audited consolidated financial statements. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 METROCITY BANKSHARES, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Dollars in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental schedule of noncash investing and financing activities: Transfer of loan principal to foreclosed real estate, net of write-downs Initial recognition of operating lease right-of-use assets Initial recognition of operating lease liabilities Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information - Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes See accompanying notes to audited consolidated financial statements. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 METROCITY BANKSHARES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 cash or cash equivalents balances were restricted. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 held to maturity or trading securities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Purchase premiums and discounts are recognized in interest income using methods approximating the interest method over the terms of the securities. A decline in the market value of any available for sale or held to maturity security below cost that is deemed other than temporary results in a charge to earnings and the establishment of a new cost basis for the security. The general standards of accounting for other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses requires the recognition of an OTTI loss in earnings only when an entity: (1) intends to sell the debt security; (2) more likely than not will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis; or (3) does not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. Realized gains and losses for securities classified as available for sale are included in earnings and are derived using the specific identification method for determining the amortized cost of securities sold. Equity securities with readily determinable fair values (marketable) are measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value recognized as a component of Other Expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Leasehold improvements 3 - Furniture, fixtures, and equipment 5 - Computer equipment 4 - Computer software 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Further, all years subsequent to 2019 remain subject to evaluation. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 as operating results for all segments are similar. Accordingly, all of the financial service operations are considered by management to be aggregated in reportable operating segment. trillion to fight the COVID-19 pandemic and stimulate the economy by supporting individuals and businesses through loans, grants, tax changes, and other types of relief. Some of the provisions applicable to the Company include, but are not limited to: Accounting for Loan Modifications - The CARES Act provided that financial institutions may elect to suspend (1) the requirements under GAAP for certain loan modifications that would otherwise be categorized as a troubled debt restructure TDR and (2) any determination that such loan modifications would be considered a TDR, including the related impairment for accounting purposes. The Consolidated Appropriations Act CAA ), signed into law on December 27, 2020, extended the applicable period to include modification to loans held by financial institutions executed between March 1, 2020 and the earlier of (i) January 1, 2022, or (ii) 60 days after the date of termination of the COVID-19 national emergency. Paycheck Protection Program - The CARES Act established the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), an expansion of the Small Business Administration s SBA 7(a) loan program and the Economic Injury Disaster Loan Program EIDL ), administered directly by the SBA. The CAA provided several amendments to the PPP, including additional funding for first and second draws of PPP loans up to March 31, 2021. On March 30, 2021, 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 million to million as a result of the CECL adoption. In addition, 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 and upon adoption. The CECL adoption is expected to have no impact on our available for sale securities portfolio or other financial instruments. The Company will finalize the CECL adoption during the first quarter of 2023. In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures. ASU 2022-02 eliminates the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Subtopic 310-40, Receivables - Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors, while enhancing disclosure requirements for certain loan refinancings and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. Additionally, ASU 2022-02 requires entities to disclose current-period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investments in leases within the scope of ASC Subtopic 3126-20, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses - Measured at Amortized Cost. ASU 2022-02 will be effective in conjunction with our CECL adoption. The adoption of ASU 2022-02 is not expected to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. The Company has further evaluated other Accounting Standards Updates issued during 2022 but does not expect updates other than those summarized above to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. States and political subdivisions ) Mortgage-backed GSE residential ) Total ) 

December 31, 2021 Gross Gross Gross Estimated Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Fair (Dollars in thousands) Cost Gains Losses Value Obligations of U.S. Government entities and agencies States and political subdivisions ) Mortgage-backed GSE residential ) Total ) 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 The amortized costs and estimated fair values of investment securities available for sale at December 31, 2022, by contractual maturity are shown below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Investment securities that are not due at a single maturity are shown separately. Due after five years but less than ten years Due in more than ten years Mortgage-backed GSE residential Total There were securities pledged as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 to secure public deposits and repurchase agreements. There were securities sold during 2022, 2021 and 2020. Information pertaining to securities with gross unrealized losses at December 31, 2022 and 2021 aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position, are summarized in the table below. Mortgage-backed GSE residential Total 

December 31, 2021 Twelve Months or Less Over Twelve Months Gross Estimated Gross Estimated Unrealized Fair Unrealized Fair (Dollars in thousands) Losses Value Losses Value States and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed GSE residential Total Management evaluates securities for other-than-temporary impairment at least on a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market concerns warrant such evaluation. Consideration is given to (1) the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, (2) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, and (3) the intent and ability of the Company to retain its investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. At December 31, 2022, the securities available for sale with an unrealized loss have depreciated from the Company s amortized cost basis. of these securities have been in a loss position for greater than twelve months. State and political subdivisions. The Company s unrealized loss on investments in state and political subdivision bonds relate to interest rate increases. Management currently does not believe it is probable that it will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of these investments. Because the Company does not plan to sell these investments, and because it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell these investments before the recovery of the par value, which may be at maturity, management does not consider these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2022. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 investments in residential GSE mortgage-backed securities was caused by interest rate increases. The contractual cash flows of these investments are guaranteed by an agency of the U.S. Government. Accordingly, it is expected that the securities would not be settled at a price less than the amortized cost base of the Company s investment. Because the decline in market value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, and because the Company has no immediate plans to sell these investments, and because it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell these investments before recovery of their amortized cost base, which may be maturity, management does not consider these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2022. Equity Securities As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had equity securities with carrying values totaling million and million, respectively. The equity securities consist of our investment in a market-rate bond mutual fund that invests in high quality fixed income bonds, mainly government agency securities whose proceeds are designed to positively impact community development throughout the United States. The mutual fund focuses exclusively on providing affordable housing to low- and moderate-income borrowers and renters, including those in Majority Minority Census Tracts. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized an unrealized loss of million and , respectively, in net income on our equity securities. The unrealized loss is recorded in Other Expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. unrealized gains or losses on equity securities were recognized in net income during the year ended December 31, 2020. Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Residential real estate Consumer and other Total loans receivable Unearned income ) ) Allowance for loan losses ) ) Loans, net Included in the commercial and industrial loans are PPP loans totaling and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In the normal course of business, the Company may sell and purchase loan participations to and from other financial institutions and related parties. Loan participations are typically sold to comply with the legal lending limits per borrower as imposed by regulatory authorities. The participations are sold without recourse and the Company imposes no transfer or ownership restrictions on the purchaser. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Provision ) ) ) ) Ending balance 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Construction and Commercial Commercial Residential Consumer (Dollars in thousands) Development Real Estate and Industrial Real Estate and Other Unallocated Total Allowance for loan losses: Beginning balance Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Provision ) ) ) Ending balance 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 Construction and Commercial Commercial Residential Consumer (Dollars in thousands) Development Real Estate and Industrial Real Estate and Other Unallocated Total Allowance for loan losses: Beginning balance Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision ) ) Ending balance 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 Collectively evaluated for impairment Acquired with deteriorated credit quality Total ending allowance balance Loans: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Acquired with deteriorated credit quality Total ending loans balance 

December 31, 2021 Construction and Commercial Commercial Residential Consumer (Dollars in thousands) Development Real Estate and Industrial Real Estate and Other Unallocated Total Allowance for loan losses: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Acquired with deteriorated credit quality Total ending allowance balance Loans: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Acquired with deteriorated credit quality Total ending loans balance 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 Impaired loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by portfolio segment, are as follows. The recorded investment consists of the unpaid total principal balance plus accrued interest receivable Commercial and industrial Residential real estate Total 

Unpaid Recorded Recorded Total Investment Investment Total (Dollars in thousands) Principal With No With Recorded Related December 31, 2021 Balance Allowance Allowance Investment Allowance Construction and development Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Residential real estate Total The average recorded investment in impaired loans and interest income recognized on the cash and accrual basis for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, by portfolio segment, are summarized in the tables below. Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Residential real estate Total A primary credit quality indicator for financial institutions is delinquent balances. Delinquencies are updated on a daily basis and are continuously monitored. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status as needed based on repayment status and consideration of accounting and regulatory guidelines. Nonaccrual balances are updated and reported on a daily basis. Following are the delinquent amounts, by portfolio segment, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Residential real estate Consumer and other Total 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Residential real estate Consumer and other Total The Company utilizes a ten grade loan rating system for its loan portfolio as follows: Loans rated Pass Loans in these categories have low to average risk. There are six loan risk ratings (grades 1- 6) included in loans rated Pass. Loans rated Special Mention Loans do not presently expose the Company to a sufficient degree of risk to warrant adverse classification, but does possess deficiencies deserving close attention. Loans rated Substandard Loans are inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capability of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans rated Doubtful Loans which have all the weaknesses inherent in loans classified Substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collections or liquidation in full, or on the basis of currently known facts, conditions and values, highly questionable or improbable. Loans rated Loss Loans classified Loss are considered uncollectible and such little value that there continuance as bankable assets is not warranted. 
 Loan grades are monitored regularly and updated as necessary based upon review of repayment status and consideration of periodic updates regarding the borrower s financial condition and capacity to meet contractual requirements. The following presents the Company s loans, included purchased loans, by risk rating based on the most recent information available: Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total 

Construction (Dollars in thousands) and Commercial Commercial Residential Consumer December 31, 2021 Development Real Estate and Industrial Real Estate and Other Total Rating: Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Loss Total 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 Troubled Debt Restructures: The restructuring of a loan is considered a troubled debt restructuring or TDR if both (i) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties and (ii) the Company has granted a concession. Under certain circumstances, it may be beneficial to restructure the terms of a loan and work with the borrower for the benefit of both parties, versus forcing the property into foreclosure and having to dispose of it in an unfavorable real estate market. When we have modified the terms of a loan, we usually either reduce or defer payments for a period of time. We have not forgiven any material principal amounts on any loan modifications to date. Nonperforming TDRs are generally placed on non-accrual under the same criteria as all other loans. TDRs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 quantified by loan type classified separately as accrual and nonaccrual are presented in the table below. Commercial and industrial Total 

(Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2021 Accruing Nonaccrual Total Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Total Our policy is to return nonaccrual TDR loans to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due, pursuant to its modified terms, are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. Our policy also considers payment history of the borrower, but is not dependent upon a specific number of payments. The Company recorded a specific reserve of and , as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and recognized partial charge offs on the TDR loans presented above during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. TDR commercial real estate loan totaling defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2022. This default did not have a material impact on the Company s allowance for loan losses. There were TDRs which defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we modified commercial real estate loan and commercial and industrial loans as troubled debt restructurings. The total recorded investment in these modified loan was million as of December 31, 2022. The modification of these loans did not result in a permanent reduction of the recorded investment in the loan, but did result in a payment deferment period on the loans. loans were modified as a troubled debt restructuring during the year ended December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any commitments to lend additional funds to debtors whose terms have been modified in troubled restructurings. Loans are modified to minimize loan losses when we believe the modification will improve the borrower s financial condition and ability to repay the loan. We typically do not forgive principal. We generally either defer or decrease monthly payments for a temporary period of time. A summary of the types of concessions for loans classified as troubled debt restructurings are presented in the table below: Extension of maturity date Total TDR loans 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 The following table presents loans by portfolio segment modified as TDRs and the corresponding recorded investment, which includes accrued interest and fees, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: Commercial and industrial Total Related Party Loans: The Company conducts transactions with its directors and executive officers, including companies in which such officers or directors have beneficial interests. None of the related party loans were classified as nonaccrual, past due, restructured, or potential problem loans at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The following table summarizes aggregate loan transactions with related parties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: New loans and principal advances Repayments ) ) Transactions due to changes in related parties Ending balance Building Leasehold improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Computer equipment Computer software Construction in process Premises and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Premises and equipment, net Depreciation expense for premises and equipment totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. or less. Many of the leases have or more renewal options which typically are for at the then fair market rental rates. We assessed these renewal options using a threshold of reasonably certain. For leases where we were reasonably certain to renew, those option periods were included within the lease term, and therefore, the measurement of the right-of-use (ROU) asset and lease liability. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 had initial terms of 12 months or less (i.e. short-term leases). Operating leases in which the Company is the lessee are recorded as operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company currently does not have any finance leases. Operating lease ROU assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset during the lease term and operating lease liabilities represent its obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized at lease commencement based on the present value of the remaining lease payments using a discount rate that represents the Company s incremental collateralized borrowing rate provided by the FHLB at the lease commencement date. ROU assets are further adjusted for lease incentives, if any. Operating lease expense, which is comprised of amortization of the ROU asset and the implicit interest accreted on the operating lease liability, is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and is recorded in occupancy expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The components of lease cost for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: Variable lease cost Short-term lease cost Sublease income Total net lease cost Future maturities of the Company s operating lease liabilities are summarized as follows: December 31, 2024 December 31, 2025 December 31, 2026 December 31, 2027 After December 31, 2027 Total lease payments Less: interest discount ) Present value of lease liabilities Weighted-average discount rate 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases (cash payments) Operating cash flows from operating leases (lease liability reduction) Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for leases entered into during the period The Company signed an agreement to lease space in Norcross, Georgia with an entity in which the Chairman of the Company serves as a managing member. The lease is a non-cancellable lease which expires in August 2023. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, , and , respectively, in rents were paid under this lease. Management believes the terms of this lease are no less favorable to the Company than would have been achieved with an unaffiliated third party. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively. Activity for SBA loan servicing rights are as follows: Change in fair value ) End of period, fair value Fair value at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was determined using discount rates ranging from to and to , and prepayment speeds ranging from to and to , depending on the stratification of the specific right. Average default rates are based on the industry average for the applicable NAICS/SIC code. The aggregate fair market value of the interest only strips included in SBA servicing assets was and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Comparable market values and a valuation model that calculates the present value of future cash flows were used to estimate fair value. For purposes of fair value measurement, risk characteristics including product type and interest rate, were used to stratify the originated loan servicing rights. million and million, respectively. Activity for mortgage loan servicing rights and the related valuation allowance are as follows: Additions Amortization expense ) ) ) Valuation allowance ) End of period, carrying value Additions expensed Reductions credited to operations ) ) Direct write-downs Ending balance The fair value of servicing rights was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Fair value at December 31, 2022 was determined by using a discount rate of , prepayment speeds of , and a weighted average default rate of . Fair value at December 31, 2021 was determined by using a discount rate of , prepayment speeds of , and a weighted average default rate of . 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 NOW accounts and savings Money market Brokered money market Time deposits less than 250,000 Time deposits 250,000 or greater Total deposits Maturities of time deposits at December 31, 2022 are summarized as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total time deposits At December 31, 2022 and 2021, overdraft demand deposits reclassified to loans totaled and , respectively. The Company held related party deposits of approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 Convertible advances maturing November 7, 2029; fixed rate of Convertible advance maturing December 5, 2029; fixed rate of Convertible advance maturing February 1, 2030; fixed rate of Convertible advance maturing August 18, 2031; fixed rate of Convertible advance maturing October 7, 2031; fixed rate of Convertible advance maturing October 8, 2031; fixed rate of Convertible advances maturing October 20, 2031; fixed rate of Convertible advance maturing December 17, 2031; fixed rate of Convertible advance maturing December 23, 2031; fixed rate of Convertible advance maturing December 30, 2031; fixed rate of Convertible advance maturing October 26, 2027; fixed rate of Convertible advance maturing June 16, 2032; fixed rate of Convertible advance maturing June 23, 2032; fixed rate of Convertible advance maturing August 6, 2032; fixed rate of Convertible advance maturing October 26, 2032; fixed rate of Convertible advance maturing May 12, 2037; fixed rate of Total FHLB advances The FHLB advances outstanding at December 31, 2022 all have a conversion feature that allows the FHLB to call the advances every nine months million) or one year million). At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a line of credit with the FHLB, set as a percentage of total assets, with maximum borrowing capacity of billion and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The available borrowing amounts are collateralized by the Company s FHLB stock and pledged residential real estate loans, which totaled billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had unsecured federal funds lines available with various financial institutions of approximately million. These lines have various terms, rates and maturities. There were advances outstanding on these lines at December 31, 2022 or 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had Federal Reserve Discount Window funds available of approximately million, with amounts outstanding at either date. The funds are collateralized by a pool of commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loans totaling million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company sells the guaranteed portion of certain SBA loans it originates and continues to service the sold portion of the loan. The Company sometimes retains an interest only strip or servicing fee that is considered to be more than customary market rates. An interest rate strip can result from a transaction when the market rate of the transaction differs from the stated rate on the portion of the loan sold. The sold portion of SBA loans that satisfies at least one of the above provisions are considered secured borrowings and are included in other borrowings. Secured borrowings at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 separate interest rate swap agreements with notional amounts totaling million. of the interest rate swaps are forward term swaps total term) where cash settlements begin in October 2023, January 2024 or April 2024. of the interest rate swaps are forward term swaps total term) where cash settlements begin in November 2023 or April 2024. of the interest rate swaps are a forward term swap total term) and a forward term swap term total) where cash settlements begin in May 2023 or July 2023. The remaining interest rate swaps are 3-year spot swaps where cash settlements began in June 2022 and December 2022. The swap agreements were designated as cash flow hedges of our deposit accounts that are indexed to the Federal Funds Effective rate. The swaps are determined to be highly effective since inception and therefore no amount of ineffectiveness has been included in net income. The aggregate fair value of the swaps amounted to an unrealized gain of million and and an unrealized loss of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These unrealized gains and losses are recorded in Interest Rate Derivatives and Other Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company expects the hedges to remain highly effective during the remaining terms of the swaps. During October 2021, the Company entered into an interest rate cap agreement with a notional amount of million and a cap rate of . This interest rate cap is a forward term total term) where cash settlements begin on November 2023. The interest rate cap was designated as a cash flow hedge of our money market deposit accounts that are indexed to the Federal Funds Effective rate. The rate cap premium paid by the Company at inception will be amortized on a straight line basis to deposit interest expense over the total term of the interest rate cap agreement. The fair value of the interest rate cap amounted to an unrealized gain of million and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is recorded in Interest Rate Derivatives on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company is exposed to credit related losses in the event of the nonperformance by the counterparties to the interest rate swaps. The Company performs an initial credit evaluation and ongoing monitoring procedures for all counterparties and currently anticipates that all counterparties will be able to fully satisfy their obligation under the contracts. In addition, the Company may require collateral from counterparties in the form of cash deposits in the event that the fair value of the contracts are positive and such fair value for all positions with the counterparty exceeds the credit support thresholds specified by the underlying agreement. Conversely, the Company is required to post cash deposits as collateral in the event the fair value of the contracts are negative and are below the credit support thresholds. At December 31, 2022, there were cash deposits pledged as collateral by the Company. Weighted-average pay rate Weighted-average receive rate Weighted-average maturity years years Weighted-average remaining maturity years years Net interest (expense) income ) 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 Rate Cap Premiums Cap Rate Weighted-average maturity years years Weighted-average remaining maturity years years Net interest (expense) income ) ) State Total current tax provision Deferred tax provision: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Total deferred tax (benefit) provision ) ) ) Total provision for income taxes The following table presents a reconciliation of the recorded provision for income taxes to the amount of taxes computed by applying the applicable statutory Federal income tax rate for the periods indicated: Differences resulting from: State income taxes, net of federal benefit Permanent book to tax differences Other items, net ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities consisted of the following: Nonaccrual interest Deferred loan fees Lease liabilities under operating leases Interest rate derivatives Unrealized losses on securities available for sale Other Total gross deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Deferred mortgage servicing fees ) ) Deferred SBA servicing fees ) ) Premises and equipment ) ) Right-of-use assets under operating leases ) ) Interest rate derivatives ) Unrealized gains on securities available for sale ) Other ) ) Total gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) was signed into law. The CARES Act includes several significant business tax provisions that, among other things, temporarily repealed the taxable income limitation for certain net operating losses (NOL) and allows businesses to carry back NOLs arising in 2018, 2019, and 2020 tax years to the five prior tax years, accelerate refunds of previously generated corporate Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT) credits, and adjusts the business interest expense limitation under section 163(j) from 30 to 50 of Adjusted Taxable Income (ATI) for 2019 and 2020 tax years. For the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company s income tax provision is impacted by the CARES Act and therefore, the applicable items have been taken into account, including the permitted delay in deposit of payroll taxes. There is no impact to the Company s income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased million of Georgia Low Income Housing Credits. These tax credits will be utilized to reduce the Company s Georgia income tax liability. The Company expects to use million of the tax credits in 2022 and the remaining million will be utilized against the Company s Georgia income tax liability for the 2023 through 2026 tax years. The million of remaining tax credits are recorded in Other Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company settled a New York State corporate income/franchise tax examination for the tax years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019. As a result of this audit, the Company recognized million of income tax expense in 2022 for additional taxes and interest due to New York State, as well as New York City. Management assesses the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use the existing deferred tax assets. Management believes no valuation allowance is necessary against deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, management believes there are no material amounts of uncertain tax position. Additionally, there were amounts of interest and penalties recognized for uncertain tax positions in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 or 2021 or on the consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. The Company and its subsidiary are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 shares of Company common stock for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the 2018 Incentive Plan, any or all of which may be granted as nonqualified stock options, incentive stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards and other stock-based awards. In the event all or a portion of a stock award is forfeited, cancelled, expires, or is terminated before becoming vested, paid, exercised, converted, or otherwise settled in full, any unissued or forfeited shares again become available for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the 2018 Incentive Plan and do not count against the maximum number of reserved shares. In addition, shares of common stock deducted or withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations will be added back to the share reserve and will again be available for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the plan. The 2018 Incentive Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors (the Committee ). The determination of award recipients under the 2018 Incentive Plan, and the terms of those awards, will be made by the Committee. At December 31, 2022, stock options had been granted and shares of restricted stock had been issued under the 2018 Incentive Plan. Stock Options The Company did t grant any stock options during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. A summary of stock option activity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is presented below: Granted Exercised Forfeited Outstanding at December 31, 2020 Granted Exercised Forfeited Outstanding at December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised Forfeited Outstanding at December 31, 2022 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized compensation expense for stock options of , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, all of the cost related to the outstanding stock options had been recognized. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 anniversaries of the grant date. Shares of restricted stock units issued to directors vest on the grant date and on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date. A summary of restricted stock activity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is presented below: Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) Nonvested shares at end of year During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized compensation expense for restricted stock of million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was million and million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested shares granted under the Plan. As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The grant date fair value of shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. ) ) Current year changes, net of tax ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) Unrealized Unrealized Accumulated Other Gain (Loss) Gain (Loss) Comprehensive (Dollars in thousands) on Securities on Derivatives Income (Loss) Balance, December 31, 2020 Current year changes, net of tax ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Unrealized Unrealized Accumulated Other Gain (Loss) Gain (Loss) Comprehensive (Dollars in thousands) on Securities on Derivatives Income (Loss) Balance, December 31, 2019 ) ) Current year changes, net of tax Balance, December 31, 2020 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per share Net Income Weighted average common shares outstanding for basic earnings per common share Add: Dilutive effects of restricted stock and options Average shares and dilutive potential common shares Diluted earnings per common share There were stock options or restricted stock excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per common share since they were antidilutive for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. of total revenues in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Other Service Charges, Commissions and Fees: Other service charges, commissions and fees are primarily comprised of mortgage origination related income, wire fees, interchange fees, and other service charges and fees. Mortgage origination related income, which makes up the majority of the other service charges, commissions and fees line item 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Standby letters of credit Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments to extend credit includes million of unused lines of credit and million to make loans as of December 31, 2022. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit is based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 , which is automatically extended annually unless notice is given by the employee or the Board of Directors. Contingencies The Company s nature of business is such that it ordinarily results in a certain amount of litigation. In the opinion of management for the Company, there is no litigation in which the outcome will have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 States and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed GSE residential Total securities available for sale Equity securities SBA servicing asset Interest only strip Interest rate derivatives Nonrecurring fair value measurements: Impaired loans Liabilities Recurring fair value measurements: Interest rate derivatives 

December 31, 2021 Total Gains (Dollars in thousands) Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (Losses) Assets Recurring fair value measurements: Securities available for sale: Obligations of U.S. Government entities and agencies States and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed GSE residential Total securities available for sale Equity securities SBA servicing asset Interest only strip Interest rate derivatives Nonrecurring fair value measurements: Impaired loans ) Liabilities Recurring fair value measurements: Interest rate derivatives 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 The Company used the following methods and significant assumptions to estimate fair value: Securities, Available for Sales: The Company carries securities available for sale at fair value. For securities where quoted prices are not available (Level 2), the Company obtains fair value measurements from an independent pricing service. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information and the bond s terms and conditions, among other things. The investments in the Company s portfolio are generally not quoted on an exchange but are actively traded in the secondary institutional markets. The Company owns certain SBA investments for which the fair value is determined using Level 3 hierarchy inputs and assumptions as the trading market for such securities was determined to be not active. This determination was based on the limited number of trades or, in certain cases, the existence of no reported trades. Discounted cash flows are calculated by a third party using interest rate curves that are updated to incorporate current market conditions, including prepayment vectors and credit risk. During time when trading is more liquid, broker quotes are used to validate the model. Equity Securities : The Company carries equity securities at fair value. Equity securities are measured at fair value using quoted market prices on nationally recognized and foreign securities exchanges (Level 1). SBA Servicing Assets and Interest Only Strip : The fair values of the Company s servicing assets are determined using Level 3 inputs. All separately recognized servicing assets and servicing liabilities are initially measured at fair value initially and at each reporting date and changes in fair value are reported in earnings in the period in which they occur. The fair values of the Company s interest-only strips are determined using Level 3 inputs. When the Company sells loans to others, it may hold interest-only strips, which is an interest that continues to be held by the transferor in the securitized receivable. It may also obtain servicing assets or assume servicing liabilities that are initially measured at fair value. Gain or loss on sale of the receivables depends in part on both (a) the previous carrying amount of the financial assets involved in the transfer, allocated between the assets sold and the interests that continue to be held by the transferor based on their relative fair value at the date of transfer, and (b) the proceeds received. To obtain fair values, quoted market prices are used if available. However, quotes are generally not available for interests that continue to be held by the transferor, so the Company generally estimates fair value based on the future expected cash flows estimated using management s best estimates of the key assumptions credit losses and discount rates commensurate with the risks involved. Interest Rate Derivatives : Exchange-traded derivatives are valued using quoted prices and are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. However, few classes of derivative contracts are listed on an exchange; thus, the Company s derivative positions are valued by third parties using their valuation models and confirmed by the Company. Since the model inputs can be observed in a liquid market and the models do not require significant judgement, such derivative contracts are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company s interest rate swap contracts (designated as cash flow hedges) are classified within Level 2. Under certain circumstances we make adjustments to fair value for our assets and liabilities although they are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis. Impaired loans : Impaired loans are evaluated and valued at the time the loan is identified as impaired, at the lower of cost or fair value. Fair value is measured based on the value of the collateral securing these loans and is classified at a Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Collateral may include real estate, or business assets including equipment, inventory and accounts receivable. The value of real estate collateral is determined based on an appraisal by qualified licensed appraisers hired by the Company. The value of business equipment is based on an appraisal by qualified licensed appraisers hired by the Company if significant, or the equipment s net book value on the business financial statements. Inventory and accounts receivable collateral are valued based on independent field examiner review or aging reports. Appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination or approaches including comparable sales and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available for similar loans and collateral underlying such loans. Appraised values 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 Total loss included in income ) ) Settlements Prepayments/paydowns ) Transfers in and/or out of level 3 Fair value, December 31, 2022 Fair value, January 1, 2021 Total gain (loss) included in income ) Settlements Prepayments/paydowns ) Transfers in and/or out of level 3 Fair value, December 31, 2021 Fair value, January 1, 2020 Total loss included in income Settlements Prepayments/paydowns ) Transfers in and/or out of level 3 Fair value, December 31, 2020 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 There were gains or losses included in earnings for securities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during the periods presented above. The only activity for these securities were prepayments. There were purchases, sales, or transfers into and out of Level 3. The following table presents quantitative information about recurring Level 3 fair value measures at December 31, 2022 and 2021: - SBA servicing asset and interest only strip Discounted Cash Flows Prepayment speed - Discount rate - Nonrecurring: Impaired loans Appraisal value less estimated selling costs Estimated selling costs December 31, 2021 Recurring: Obligations of U.S. Government entities and agencies Discounted Cash Flows Discount Rate - SBA servicing asset and interest only strip Discounted Cash Flows Prepayment speed - Discount rate - Nonrecurring: Impaired loans Appraisal value less estimated selling costs Estimated selling costs The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Investment securities Federal Home Loan Bank stock N/A Loans, net Accrued interest receivable SBA servicing assets Interest only strips Mortgage servicing assets Interest rate derivatives Financial Liabilities: Deposits Federal Home Loan Bank advances Other borrowings Accrued interest payable Interest rate derivatives 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 Investment securities Federal Home Loan Bank stock N/A Loans, net Accrued interest receivable SBA servicing assets Interest only strips Mortgage servicing assets Interest rate derivatives Financial Liabilities: Deposits Federal Home Loan Bank advances Other borrowings Accrued interest payable Interest rate derivatives above the adequately capitalized risk-based capital ratios. Management believes as of December 31, 2022, the Company and Bank meets all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. Prompt corrective action regulations provide five classifications: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized, although these terms are not used to represent overall financial condition. If adequately capitalized, regulatory approval is required to accept brokered deposits. If undercapitalized, capital distributions are limited, as is asset growth and expansion, and capital restoration plans are required. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the most recent regulatory notifications categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the institution s category. 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 N/A N/A Bank Tier I Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Consolidated N/A N/A Bank Common Tier 1 (CET1) Consolidated N/A N/A Bank Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) Consolidated N/A N/A Bank As of December 31, 2021 Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Consolidated N/A N/A Bank Tier I Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Consolidated N/A N/A Bank Common Tier 1 (CET1) Consolidated N/A N/A Bank Tier 1 Capital (to Average Assets) Consolidated N/A N/A Bank The sole source of funds available to pay stockholder dividends is from the Company s earnings. Bank regulatory authorities impose restrictions on the amount of dividends that may be declared by the Company. Further restrictions could result from a review by regulatory authorities of the Company s capital adequacy. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, million, million and million in common dividends were declared and paid, respectively. During 2022, the Bank could, without prior approval, declare dividends of approximately million. 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 Professional fees FDIC insurance Fair value losses on equity securities Phone and data service Bank security Director fees Other Total other expenses Investment in bank subsidiary Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity: Preferred stock Common stock Additional paid-in-capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities shareholders equity 

 Eliminated in consolidation. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 Condensed Statements of Income Interest income Total income Expenses: Intercompany expenses Other expenses Total expenses Income before taxes and equity in undistributed income of subsidiary Income tax expense (benefit) ) Income before equity in undistributed income of subsidiary Equity in undistributed income of subsidiary Net Income 

 Eliminated in consolidation. Condensed Statements of Cash Flows Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiary ) ) ) Decrease (increase) in other assets ) (Decrease) increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from operating activities: Net cash (used) provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchase of common stock ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Net cash used by financing activities ) ) ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of December 31, 2022. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements. No matter how well designed, internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations, including the possibility that a control can be circumvented or overridden, and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment management has determined that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on the specified criteria. This Annual Report does not include an attestation report from our registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit emerging growth companies, which we are, to provide only Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting in this Annual Report. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. There has also been no significant impact to internal controls over financial reporting as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company is continually monitoring and assessing changes in processes and activities to determine any potential impact on the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting. Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls The Company s management recognizes that a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, errors and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. Item 9B. Other Information None. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information required in Part III, Item 10 of this Annual Report will be under the headings Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Current Executive Officers, Corporate Governance and the Board of Directors and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, incorporated herein by reference. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required in Part III, Item 11 of this Annual Report will be under the headings Executive Compensation and Other Matters and Corporate Governance and the Board of Directors in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, incorporated herein by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022 regarding stock-based compensation awards outstanding and available for future grants under the Company s equity compensation plans. 

(A) (B) (C) Number of Securities Remaining Number of Available for Future Securities to be Weighted Average Issuance Under Equity Issued upon Exercise Exercise Price Compensation Plans of Outstanding of Outstanding (Excluding Securities Options, Warrants Options, Warrants Reflected in and Rights and Rights Column (A)) Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 240,000 12.70 1,545,831 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders Total 240,000 12.70 1,545,831 The remaining information required in Part III, Item 12 of this Annual Report will be under the heading Beneficial Ownership of the Company s Common Stock by Management and Principal Shareholders of the Company in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, incorporated herein by reference. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required in Part III, Item 13 of this Annual Report will be under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions and Corporate Governance and the Board of Directors in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, incorporated herein by reference. 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information required in Part III, Item 14 of this Annual Report will be under the heading Proposal 2 Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, incorporated herein by reference. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 (1) Financial Statements (Part II - Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data): 
 (i) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 173) (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (iii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (iv) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (v) Consolidated Statements of Shareholder s Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (vi) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (vii) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (2) Financial Statement Schedules: All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not required or applicable, or the required information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the Notes thereto. (3) Exhibits: Included in schedule below. 
 (b) Exhibits: 

Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 3.1 Restated Articles of Incorporation of MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed September 4, 2019 (File No. 333-233625)) 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed September 4, 2019 (File No. 333-233625)) 4.1 Description of Capital Stock of MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. 10.1 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated August 21, 2019, by and between Metro City Bank and Nack Paek (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed September 4, 2019 (File No. 333-233625)) 10.2 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated August 21, 2019, by and between Metro City Bank and Farid Tan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed September 4, 2019 (File No. 333-233625)) 10.3 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated August 21, 2019, by and between Metro City Bank and Howard Kim (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed September 4, 2019 (File No. 333-233625)) 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 10.5 MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed September 4, 2019 (File No. 333-233625)) 21.1 Subsidiaries of MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. 23.1 Consent of Crowe LLP 24.1 Power of Attorney contained on the signature pages of this 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page has been formatted in Inline XBRL and contained within the Inline XBRL Instance Document in Exhibit 101 

 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

METROCITY BANKSHARES, INC. Date: March 10, 2023 By: /s/ Nack Y. Paek Nack Y. Paek Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 10, 2023 By: /s/ Lucas Stewart Lucas Stewart Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Nack Y. Paek and Lucas Stewart, with full power to act without the other, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full and several powers of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and hereby grants to such attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully as to all intents and purposes as each of the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in their capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Nack Y. Paek Chairman; Chief Executive Officer March 10, 2023 Nack Y. Paek (principal executive officer) /s/ Farid Tan President and Director March 10, 2023 Farid Tan /s/ Frank Glover Director March 10, 2023 Frank Glover /s/ William J. Hungeling Director March 10, 2023 William J. Hungeling /s/ Howard Hwasaeng Kim Director March 10, 2023 Howard Hwasaeng Kim /s/ Francis Lai Director March 10, 2023 Francis Lai /s/ Don Leung Director March 10, 2023 Don Leung /s/ Feiying Lu Director March 10, 2023 Feiying Lu /s/ Young Park Director March 10, 2023 Young Park /s/ Ajit Patel Director March 10, 2023 Ajit Patel /s/ Frank S. Rhee Director March 10, 2023 Frank S. Rhee /s/ Sam Sang-Koo Shim Director March 10, 2023 Sam Sang-Koo Shim 
 117 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 mcbs-20221231xex4d1.htm
 EX-4.1

Exhibit 4.1 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following description summarizes the terms of our common stock and preferred stock but does not purport to be complete, and it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable provisions of federal law governing bank holding companies, Georgia law and our articles of incorporation and bylaws. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws, as amended, are incorporated by reference as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. As used in this Exhibit 4.1, the terms the Company, we , us and our refer only to MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. and not to any existing or future subsidiaries of MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. General Our articles authorize the issuance of up to 40,000,000 shares of common stock, par value of one cent 0.01) per share, and up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value of one cent 0.01) per share. At December 31, 2022, we had issued and outstanding 25,169,709 shares of our common stock, and no shares of preferred stock. Common Stock Each share of common stock has the same rights, privileges and preferences as every other share of common stock, and there is no preemptive, conversion, redemption rights or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. The designations and powers, preferences and rights and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the common stock are described below. Dividend Rights. Subject to the rights of preferred stock we may use in the future, each share of common stock will participate equally in dividends, which are payable when and as declared by our board of directors. Liquidation and Dissolution. After the return of all funds to depositors and the payment of creditors and after distribution in full of the preferential amounts to be distributed to the holders of all classes and series of stock entitled thereto or the holders of capital notes, if any, in the event of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the corporation, as provided for in the Financial Institutions Code of Georgia and the Georgia Business Corporation Code, the holders of the common stock shall be entitled to receive all our remaining assets. Voting Rights. Each share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of common shareholders, including the election of directors. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors. If a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of the majority of the shares represented at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter will be the act of the shareholders, except for the election of directors. In the election of directors, directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the shares entitled to vote in the election at any meeting where a quorum is present. Absence of Preemptive Rights. Our common stock does not have preemptive rights or other rights to subscribe for additional shares. Stock Exchange Listing. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol MCBS. Preferred Stock Upon authorization of our board of directors, we may issue shares of one or more series of our preferred stock from time to time. Our board of directors may, without any action by holders of common stock (subject to Nasdaq shareholder approval rules) and except as may be otherwise provided in the terms of any series of preferred stock of which there are shares outstanding, adopt resolutions to designate and establish a new series of preferred stock. 

 Upon establishing such a series of preferred stock, the board will determine the number of shares of preferred stock of that series that may be issued and the rights and preferences of that series of preferred stock. The rights of any series of preferred stock may include, among others: general or special voting rights; preferential liquidation rights; preferential cumulative or noncumulative dividend rights; redemption or put rights; and conversion or exchange rights. We may issue shares of, or rights to purchase shares of, one or more series of our preferred stock that have been designated from time to time, the terms of which might: adversely affect voting or other rights evidenced by, or amounts otherwise payable with respect to, the common stock or other series of preferred stock; discourage an unsolicited proposal to acquire us; or facilitate a particular business combination involving us. Any of these actions could have an anti-takeover effect and discourage a transaction that some or a majority of our shareholders might believe to be in their best interests or in which our shareholders might receive a premium for their stock over our then market price. Anti-Takeover Considerations and Special Provisions of Our Articles, Bylaws and Georgia Law Authorized but Unissued Capital Stock. At December 31, 2022, we had 12,382,359 shares of authorized but unissued shares of common stock. We also have 10,000,000 shares of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock, and our board of directors may authorize the issuance of one or more series of preferred stock without shareholder approval (subject to Nasdaq shareholder approval rules). These shares could be used by our board of directors to make it more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us through a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. Number and Classification of Directors . Our articles of incorporation and bylaws provide that the number of directors shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by the board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by the board of directors, but in no event shall the number of directors be less than five (5) nor more than twenty-five (25). The board of directors is divided into three classes so that each director serves for a term expiring at the third succeeding annual meeting of shareholders after their election with each director to hold office until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. The classification of directors, together with the provisions in the articles of incorporation and bylaws described below that limit the ability of shareholders to remove directors and that permit the remaining directors to fill any vacancies on the board of directors, have the effect of making it more difficult for shareholders to change the composition of the board of directors. As a result, at least two annual meetings of shareholders may be required for the shareholders to change a majority of the directors, whether or not a change in the board of directors would be beneficial and whether or not a majority of shareholders believe that such a change would be desirable, and three meetings, rather than one, would be required to replace the entire board. Limitation on Right to Call a Special Meeting of Shareholders. Our bylaws provide that special meetings of shareholders may only be called by our Chairman of the Board, our Chief Executive Officer, our President or by the affirmative vote of our board of directors. Advance Notice Provisions. Our bylaws provide an advance notice procedure for shareholder proposals to be brought before a meeting of our shareholders and for nominations by shareholders of candidates for election as directors at an annual meeting or a special meeting at which directors are to be elected. Subject to any other applicable requirements, only such business may be conducted at a meeting of shareholders as has been brought before the meeting by, or at the direction of, our board of directors, or by a shareholder who has given to our Secretary timely written notice in proper form, of the shareholder s intention to bring that business before the 
 2 

 meeting. The presiding officer at such meeting has the authority to make such determinations. Only persons who are selected and recommended by our board of directors, or the committee of our board of directors designated to make nominations, or who are nominated by a shareholder who has given timely written notice, in proper form, to the Secretary prior to a meeting at which directors are to be elected will be eligible for election as directors. To be timely, notice of nominations or other business to be brought before any meeting must be delivered to, or mailed or received by, the Secretary by the ninetieth (90th) day, and not earlier than the one hundred twentieth (120th) day, prior to the anniversary date of the preceding year s annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is called for a date more than thirty (30) days before or more than sixty (60) days after such anniversary date, notice must be delivered not earlier than the close of business on the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to the date of such annual meeting. The notice of any shareholder proposal or nomination for election as director must set forth various information required under the bylaws. The person submitting the notice of nomination and any person acting in concert with such person must provide, among other things, the name and address under which they appear on our books (if they so appear) and the class and number of shares of our capital stock that are beneficially owned by them. Filling of Board Vacancies; Removals. Any vacancies in our board of directors and any directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors even if the number of directors then in office is less than a quorum. New or Amendment of the Bylaws. New bylaws may be adopted or the bylaws may be amended or repealed by the vote or written consent of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at any annual or special meeting of the shareholders or by the board of directors at any regular or special meeting of the board of directors; provided, however, that if such action is to be taken at a meeting of the shareholders, notice of the general nature of the proposed change in the bylaws must be given in the notice of the meeting. Voting Provisions. Our articles provide for a heightened voting threshold to consummate a change in control transaction, such as a merger, the sale of substantially all of our assets or other similar transaction. Accordingly, we will not be able to consummate a change in control transaction or sell all or substantially all of our assets without obtaining the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of our capital stock having at least two-thirds (2 3) of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company entitled to vote. Elimination of Liability and Indemnification. Our articles of incorporation provide that a director of the Company will not incur any personal liability to us or our shareholders for monetary damages for certain breaches of fiduciary duty as a director. A director s liability, however, is not eliminated with respect to (i) any appropriation, in violation of his or her duties, of any business opportunity of the Company, (ii) acts or omissions which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit, or, (iv) any unlawful distributions under certain provisions of state law. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws also provide, among other things, for the indemnification of our directors, officers and agents, and authorize our board of directors to pay expenses incurred by, or to satisfy a judgment or fine rendered or levied against, such agents in connection with any personal legal liability incurred by the individual while acting for us within the scope of his or her employment (subject to certain limitations). We have obtained director and officer liability insurance covering all of our and our subsidiary bank s officers and directors. 
 3 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 mcbs-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF METROCITY BANKSHARES, INC. 

Subsidiary Ownership State of Incorporation Metro City Bank Wholly owned subsidiary of MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. Georgia 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 mcbs-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-234165) of MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. of our report dated March 10, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements of MetroCity Bankshares Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Crowe LLP Atlanta, Georgia March 10, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 mcbs-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 METROCITY BANKSHARES, INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 OR 15d-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Nack Paek, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MetroCity Bankshares, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 10, 2023 /s/ Nack Y. Paek Nack Y. Paek Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 mcbs-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 METROCITY BANKSHARES, INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14 OR 15d-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Lucas Stewart, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of MetroCity Bankshares, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 9 

Dated: March 10, 2023 /s/ Lucas Stewart Lucas Stewart Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 mcbs-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. (the Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Nack Paek, Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation as of and for the periods covered in the Report. 

Dated: March 10, 2023 /s/ Nack Y. Paek Nack Y. Paek Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 mcbs-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of MetroCity Bankshares, Inc. (the Corporation on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lucas Stewart, Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation as of and for the periods covered in the Report. 

Dated: March 10, 2023 /s/ Lucas Stewart Lucas Stewart Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 mcbs-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 mcbs-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 mcbs-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 mcbs-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

