<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_1034670_0000950170-23-002977.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>23856490</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>398633</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2724117</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11953796</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2903610</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5276067</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-002977.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216094148
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-002977
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		133
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AUTOLIV INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001034670
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLE PARTS & ACCESSORIES [3714]
		IRS NUMBER:				510378542
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12933
		FILM NUMBER:		23637362

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3350 AIRPORT RD
		CITY:			OGDEN
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84405
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8016299800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BOX 70381
		STREET 2:		SE 107 24 STOCKHOLM
		CITY:			SWEDEN
		STATE:			V7

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-002977.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 alv-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 
 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to _________ 

Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

, 

, 
 (Zip Code) 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class: 
 
 Trading Symbol(s): 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered: 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. : No: 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). : No: 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262 (b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes: No: 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity of Autoliv, Inc. held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of 2022 amounted to million. 
 
 Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of February 8, 2023: . 
 
 Auditor Firm Id: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: 

AUTOLIV, INC. 
 Index 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 10 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 24 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 50 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 90 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 90 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 90 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 91 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 91 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 91 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 91 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 91 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 92 

1 

NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements that are not historical facts but rather forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements include those that address activities, events or developments that Autoliv, Inc. Autoliv, the Company or we or its management believes or anticipates may occur in the future. All forward-looking statements are based upon our current expectations, various assumptions and/or data available from third parties. Our expectations and assumptions are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However, there can be no assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize or prove to be correct as forward-looking statements are inherently subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual future results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed in or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
 
 In some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimates, expects, anticipates, projects, plans, intends, believes, may, likely, might, would, should, could, or the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain such words. 
 
 Because these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, the outcome could differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statements for a variety of reasons, including without limitation: general economic conditions, including inflation; the impacts of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic on the Company s financial condition, business operations, operating costs, liquidity, competition and the global economy; disruptions and impacts relating to the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine; changes in and the stability of light vehicle production; fluctuation in vehicle production schedules for which the Company is a supplier; global supply chain disruptions including port, transportation and distribution delays or interruptions; supply chain disruptions and component shortages specific to the automotive industry or the Company; changes in general industry and market conditions or regional growth or decline; changes in and the successful execution of our capacity alignment: restructuring, cost reduction, efficiency, and strategic initiatives and the market reaction thereto; loss of business from increased competition; higher raw material, fuel, energy, and other costs; changes in consumer and customer preferences for end products; customer losses; changes in regulatory conditions; customer bankruptcies, consolidations or restructuring or divestiture of customer brands; unfavorable fluctuations in currencies or interest rates among the various jurisdictions in which we operate; market acceptance of our new products; costs or difficulties related to the integration of any new or acquired businesses and technologies; continued uncertainty in pricing and other negotiations with customers; successful integration of acquisitions and operations of joint ventures; successful implementation of strategic partnerships and collaborations; our ability to be awarded new business; product liability, warranty and recall claims and investigations and other litigation, civil judgements or financial penalties and customer reactions thereto; higher expenses for our pension and other postretirement benefits, including higher funding needs for our pension plans; work stoppages or other labor issues; possible adverse results of pending or future litigation or infringement claims, and the availability of insurance with respect to such matters; our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; negative impacts of antitrust investigations or other governmental investigations and associated litigation relating to the conduct of our business; tax assessments by governmental authorities and changes in our effective tax rate; dependence on key personnel; legislative or regulatory changes impacting or limiting our business; our ability to meet our sustainability targets, goals and commitments; political conditions; dependence on and relationships with customers and suppliers; the conditions necessary to hit our medium term financial targets; and other risks and uncertainties identified in Item 1A - Risk Factors and Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report. 
 
 For any forward-looking statements contained in this or any other document, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward- looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and we assume no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events, except as required by law. 
 2 

PAR T I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 General 
 Autoliv, Inc. Autoliv , the Company or we is a Delaware corporation with its principal executive offices in Stockholm, Sweden. The Company functions as a holding corporation and owns two principal subsidiaries, Autoliv AB and Autoliv ASP, Inc. The Company's fiscal year ends on December 31. 
 The Company is a leading developer, manufacturer, and supplier of passive safety systems to the automotive industry with a broad range of product offerings. 
 Passive safety systems are primarily meant to improve safety for occupants in a vehicle. Passive safety systems include modules and components for frontal-impact airbag protection systems, side-impact airbag protection systems, seatbelts, steering wheels, inflator technologies, and battery cut-off switches. 
 To expand its product offerings, the Company has formed Mobility Safety Solutions. By combining its core competence and industry experience, the Company also develops and manufactures mobility safety solutions such as pedestrian protection, battery cut-off switches, connected safety services, and safety solutions for riders of powered two wheelers. 
 The Company has approximately 62 production facilities in 27 countries and its customers include the world s largest car manufacturers. The Company s sales in 2022 were 8.8 billion, approximately 66 of which consisted of airbag and steering wheel products and approximately 34 of which consisted of seatbelt products. The Company's business is conducted in the following geographical regions: Europe, the Americas, China, Japan and the Rest of Asia (ROA). 
 The Company s head office is located in Stockholm, Sweden, where it currently employs approximately 98 people. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a total number of personnel of approximately 69,100 worldwide, whereof 11 were temporary personnel. 
 Additional information required by this Item 1 regarding developments in the Company s business during 2022 is contained under Item 7 in this Annual Report. 
 
 Reportable Segment 
 The Company has one reportable segment based on the way the Company evaluates its financial performance and manages its operations. The Company's business is comprised of passive safety products - principally airbags (including steering wheels and inflators) and seatbelts. For more information regarding the Company s segment reporting, see Note 1, Basis of Presentation, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 
 Products, Market, and Competition 
 Products 
 Providing life-saving solutions is a key priority as the world population grows and develops. However, population expansion in growth markets and the rise of megacities creates new complexities. To meet this challenge, the Company develops safety solutions for both mobility and society that work in real life situations. 
 The Company's safety systems such as seatbelts and airbags substantially mitigate human consequences of traffic accidents. 
 The airbag module is designed to inflate extremely rapidly then quickly deflate during a collision or impact. It consists of the container, an airbag cushion, and an inflator. The purpose of the airbag is to provide the occupants a cushioning and restraint during a crash event to prevent any impact or impact-caused injuries between the occupant and the interior of the vehicle. 
 Seatbelts can reduce the overall risk of serious injuries in frontal crashes by as much as 60 due to advanced seatbelt technologies such as pretensioners and load limiters. 
 The Company also manufactures steering wheels that are crafted to ensure they meet safety requirements and are functional as well as stylish. 
 Market and Competition 
 Consumer research clearly shows that consumers want safe vehicles, and several significant trends are likely to have a positive influence on overall safety content per vehicle. These include: 
 1) Society becoming increasingly focused on Vision Zero, which includes a goal of reducing traffic fatalities and their associated costs; 
 2) Demographic trends of increased urbanization, aging driver populations, and increased safety focus in growth markets; 
 3) Evolving government regulations and test rating systems to improve the safety of vehicles in various markets, such as the updated Euro New Car Assessment Program (NCAP), China NCAP, and USNCAP; and 
 4) The trend towards more electrical vehicles will potentially drive additional solutions to reduce noise and to cut the electrical power in case of an accident. 
 3 

The automotive safety market is driven by two primary factors: light vehicle production (LVP) and content per vehicle (CPV). 
 The first growth driver, LVP, has increased at an average annual growth rate of around 1.6 since the start of Autoliv in 1997 despite the substantial headwinds from supply chain disruptions and semiconductor shortages. According to S P Global, LVP is forecasted to grow to close to 87 million by 2025 from approximately 79 million in 2021, as the market is expected to recover from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and component shortages. 
 Unlike LVP, where Autoliv can only aim to be on the best-selling platforms, Autoliv can influence CPV more directly by continuously developing and introducing new technologies with higher value-added features. Over the long term, this increases average safety CPV and has caused the markets where the Company does business to grow faster than the LVP. 
 Since 1997, the Company s sales compound annual growth rate (CAGR) for passive safety has been around 5 compared to the market rate of around 2.4 which includes an LVP growth of around 1.6 . The Company's outperformance is a result of a steady flow of new passive safety technologies, strong focus on quality and a superior global footprint both in products and engineering. This has enabled Autoliv to increase its global market share in passive safety from 27 in 1997 to 43 in 2022. 
 In the Developed Markets (Western Europe, North America, Japan, and South Korea) the CPV is around 320. CPV growth in these regions mainly come from new safety systems such as active seatbelts, knee airbags, and front-center airbags along with improved protection for pedestrians and rear-seat occupants like bag-in-belt or more advanced seatbelts. 
 In the Growth Markets (all markets other than the Developed Markets), the Company sees great opportunities for CPV growth from more airbags and advanced seatbelt products. Average CPV in the Growth Markets is around 200, approximately 120 less than in the Developed Markets. 
 As a result of higher installation rates of airbags, more advanced seatbelt products, and more complex steering wheels, CPV is expected to increase at a similar pace in both Developed and Growth Markets over the next three years. LVP in the Developed Markets is expected to increase faster than in the Growth Markets during the same period. This is because the Developed Markets are expected to recover from the negative effects of supply chain disruptions and semiconductor shortages experienced in 2022. Supported by a positive LVP mix effect from higher growth in higher CPV markets, the annual passive safety market (seatbelts and airbags, including steering wheels), is expected to grow from around 20 billion in 2022 to more than 25 billion over the next three years, based on the current macro-economic outlook and the Company's internal market intelligence and estimates. The highest growth rate is expected in steering wheels, where Autoliv has a global market share of around 37 , generated by the trend toward higher-value steering wheels with leather and additional features. 
 In seatbelts, Autoliv has reached a global market share of around 45 , primarily due to being the technology leader with several important innovations such as pretensioners and active seatbelts. The Company's strong market position is also a reflection of its superior global footprint. Seatbelts are the primary life-saving safety product globally and are also an important requirement in low-end vehicles in the Growth Markets. This provides the Company with an excellent opportunity to benefit from the expected growth in this segment of the market. 
 The market for airbags, where Autoliv has a global market share of around 44 , is expected to grow mainly as result of higher installation rates of inflatable curtains, side airbags, and knee airbags. Additionally, the new front center airbag is expected to start to contribute to the market growth. 
 The Company's ability to consistently outperform market growth is rooted in a steady flow of new safety technologies, a strong focus on quality, and a superior production and engineering footprint. 
 The Company's competitors 
 Autoliv is the clear market leader in passive safety components and systems for the automotive industry with an estimated global market share of 43 . 
 ZF, one of the Company's largest competitors, is a global leader in driveline and chassis technology as well as in passive safety technologies, and is one of the largest global automotive suppliers. 
 Another of the Company's largest competitors is Joyson Safety Systems (JSS). JSS is a Chinese owned company and is the result of the merger between Key Safety Systems (KSS) and Takata Corporation after KSS acquired Takata in 2018. 
 In Japan, Brazil, South Korea, and China, there are a number of local suppliers that have close ties with the domestic vehicle manufacturers. For example, Toyota uses keiretsu (in-house) suppliers Tokai Rika for seatbelts and Toyoda Gosei for airbags and steering wheels. These suppliers generally receive most of the Toyota business in Japan, in the same way, Mobis, a major supplier to Hyundai/Kia in South Korea, generally receives a significant part of their business. 
 Other competitors include Nihon Plast and Ashimori of Japan, Yanfeng and Jinheng of China, Samsong in South Korea, and Chris Cintos de Seguranca in South America. Collectively, these competitors account for the majority of the remaining market share in passive safety. 
 Additional information concerning the Company's products, markets and competition is included in the Risks and Risk Management section under Item 7 of this Annual Report. 
 
 4 

Manufacturing and Production 
 See Item 2. Properties for a description of Autoliv s principal properties. The component factories manufacture inflators, propellant, initiators, textile cushions, webbing, pressed steel parts, springs, and overmolded steel parts used in seatbelt and airbag assembly and steering wheels. The assembly factories source components from a number of parties, including Autoliv s own component factories, and assemble complete restraint systems for just-in-time delivery to customers. The products manufactured by Autoliv s consolidated subsidiaries in 2022 consisted of 134 million complete seatbelt systems (of which 87 million were fitted with pretensioners), 102 million side airbags (including curtain airbags and front center airbags), 56 million frontal airbags, 13 million other airbags and 19 million steering wheels. 
 Autoliv s just-in-time delivery system is designed to accommodate the specific requirements of each customer for low levels of inventory and rapid stock delivery service. Just-in-time deliveries require final assembly or, at least, distribution centers in geographic areas close to customers to facilitate rapid delivery. The fact that the major automobile manufacturers are continually expanding their production activities into more countries and require the same or similar safety systems as those produced in Europe, Japan, or the U.S. increases the importance for suppliers to have assembly capacity in several countries. Consolidation among the Company's customers also supports this trend. 
 Autoliv s assembly operations generally are not constrained by capacity considerations unless there is a disruption in the supply of raw materials and components. When dramatic shifts in LVP occur, Autoliv can generally adjust capacity in response to any changes in demand within a few days by adding or removing work shifts and within a few months by adding or removing standardized production and assembly lines. Most of Autoliv s assembly factories can make sufficient space available to accommodate additional production lines to satisfy foreseeable increases in capacity. As a result, Autoliv can usually adjust its manufacturing capacity faster than its customers can adjust their capacity as a result of fluctuations in the general demand for vehicles or in the demand for a specific vehicle model, provided that customers promptly notify Autoliv when they become aware of such changes in demand. 
 When dramatic shifts in LVP occur, as we seen in 2022 due to component shortages, or when there is a shift in regional LVP, the capacity adjustments can take more time and be more costly. Additionally, when there is significant demand for a given product due to a major recall of a competitor s product, like certain of the Company's customers have experienced, capacity adjustments may take time. 
 The Company could experience disruption in its supply or delivery chain, which could cause one or more of its customers to halt or delay production. For more information, see Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 
 Quality Management 
 Autoliv believes that superior quality is a prerequisite to being considered a leading global supplier of automotive safety systems and is key to the Company's financial performance, because quality excellence is critical for winning new orders, preventing recalls, and maintaining low scrap rates. Autoliv has for many years emphasized a zero-defect proactive quality policy and continues to strive to improve its working methods. This means that Autoliv s products are expected to always meet performance expectations and be delivered to its customers at the right times and in the right amounts. Furthermore, the Company believes its continued quality improvements further enhance the Company's reputation among its customers, employees, and governmental authorities. 
 Although quality has always been paramount in the automotive industry, especially for safety products, automobile manufacturers have become increasingly focused on quality with even less tolerance for any deviations. This intensified focus on quality is partially due to an increase in the number of vehicle recalls for a variety of reasons (not just safety), including a few high-profile vehicle recalls. This trend is likely to continue as automobile manufacturers introduce even stricter quality requirements and regulating agencies and other authorities increase the level of scrutiny given to vehicle safety issues. The Company has not been immune to the recalls that have been impacting the automotive industry. 
 The Company continues to drive its quality initiative called Q5, which was initiated in the summer of 2010. It is an integral part of the Company's strategy of shaping a proactive quality culture of zero defects. It is called Q5 because it addresses quality in five dimensions: products, customers, growth, behavior, and suppliers. The goal of Q5 is to firmly tie together quality with value within all of the Company's processes and for all of its employees, thereby leading to the best value for its customers. Since 2010, the Company has continually expanded this quality initiative to provide additional skills training to more employees and suppliers. These activities have significantly improved the Company's quality performance. 
 In the Company's pursuit of excellence in quality, the Company has developed a chain of four defense lines against potential quality issues. These defense lines consist of: 1) robust product designs, 2) flawless components from suppliers and the Company's own in-house component companies, 3) manufacturing flawless products with a system for verifying that the Company's products conform with specifications, and 4) an advanced traceability system in the event of a recall. 
 The Company's pursuit of quality excellence extends from the earliest phases of product development to the proper disposal of a product following many years of use in a vehicle. Autoliv s comprehensive Autoliv Product Development System APS includes several key check points during the process of developing new products that are designed to ensure that such products are well-built and have no hidden defects. Through this process, the Company works closely with its suppliers and customers to set clear standards that help to ensure robust component design and lowest cost for function in order to proactively prevent problems and ensure the Company delivers only the best designs to the market. 
 
 5 

The APS, based on the goals of improving quality and efficiency, is at the core of Autoliv s manufacturing philosophy. APS integrates essential quality elements, such as mistake proofing, statistical process control and operator involvement, into the manufacturing processes so all Autoliv associates are aware of and understand the critical connection between themselves and the Company's lifesaving products. This zero-defect principle extends beyond Autoliv to the entire supplier base. All of the Company's suppliers must accept the strict quality standards in the global Autoliv Supplier Manual, which defines the Company's quality requirements and focuses on preventing bad parts from being produced by its suppliers and helps eliminate defective intermediate products in the Company's assembly lines as early as possible. In addition, Autoliv s One Product One Process 1P1P initiative is its strategy for developing and managing standardization of both core products and customer-specific features, leading not only to improved quality, but also greater cost efficiency and more efficient supply chain management. 
 IATF 16949:2016 is one of the automotive industry s most widely used international standards for quality management. All of the Company's facilities that ship products to OEMs are regularly certified according to the International Automotive Task Force (IATF) standards. 
 Environmental and Safety Regulations 
 For information on how environmental and safety regulations impact the Company's business, see Risk Factors Our business may be adversely affected by laws or regulations, including environmental, occupational health and safety, and other governmental regulations , Global climate change could negatively affect our business , Our goals, targets, and ambitions related to sustainability and emissions reduction, and our public statements and disclosures regarding them, expose us to numerous risks and Our business may be adversely affected by changes in automotive safety regulations or concerns that drive further regulation of the automobile safety market in Item 1A and Risks and Risk Management in Item 7 of this Annual Report. 
 Climate change 
 The Company is committed to operating its business in an environmentally sustainable manner, meaning developing and producing products in a resource efficient way while limiting the Company's environmental impact in the most material areas of greenhouse gas emissions, energy use, waste, and water. With particular emphasis on climate action, the Company actively engages with its customers, suppliers, and others to drive sustainable mobility. 
 In June 2021, the Company launched an updated climate strategy including new long-term climate ambitions: 
 Carbon neutrality in own operations by 2030 

Net-zero emissions across our supply chain by 2040 

These industry-leading climate ambitions are aligned with a 1.5 C trajectory and represent a serious step-up in ambition level from earlier short-term climate targets. They should position the Company as the supplier of choice for the most progressive climate-focused customers, helping to ensure the Company's competitiveness now and in the future. In addition to these ambitions, the Company adopted Science Based Targets (SBT) for 2030 covering its own operations as well as the supply chain. The targets were approved in January 2022 and are available at the SBTi website. 
 For more information about how climate change impacts the Company's business, see Operational Risks - Climate impact in Item 7 and Risk factors Global climate change could negatively affect our business in Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 Raw Materials 
 Direct material purchased from external suppliers represents approximately 52 of the Company's net sales in 2022. The Company mainly purchases manufactured components and raw materials for its operations. The Company takes several actions to manage the raw material fluctuations, such as competitive sourcing and looking for alternative materials. 
 For information on the sources and availability of raw materials, see Operational Risks - Component costs in Item 7 and Risk Factors Changes in the source, cost, availability of, and regulations pertaining to raw materials and components may adversely affect our profit margins in Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 Intellectual Property 
 The Company has developed a considerable amount of proprietary technology related to automotive safety systems and relies on many patents to protect such technology. The Company's intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining its competitive position in a number of the markets the Company serves. For information on the Company's use of intellectual property and its importance to the Company, see Risk Factors If our patents are declared invalid or our technology infringes on the proprietary rights of others, our ability to compete may be impaired in Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 Backlog 
 The Company has frame contracts with automobile manufacturers and such contracts are typically entered into up to three years before the start of production of the relevant car model or platform and provide for a term covering the life of such car model or platform including service parts after a vehicle model is no longer produced. These contracts, however, do not typically provide minimum quantities, firm prices, or exclusivity but instead permit the automobile manufacturer to resource the relevant products at given intervals (or at any time) from other suppliers. 
 6 

Dependence on Customers 
 In 2022, the Company's top five customers represented around 49 of its consolidated sales and the Company's top ten customers represented around 80 of its consolidated sales. This reflects the concentration of manufacturers in the automotive industry. The five largest OEMs in 2022 accounted for around 48 of global LVP, and the ten largest OEMs accounted for around 70 of global LVP. A delivery contract is typically for the lifetime of a vehicle model, which is normally between five and seven years depending on customer platform sourcing preferences and strategies. 
 For information on the Company's dependence on customers, see Risk Factors Our business could be materially and adversely affected if we lost any of our largest customers or if they were unable to pay their invoices in Item 1A of this Annual Report, and Dependence on Customers under the section Strategic Risks in Item 7 of this Annual Report, and Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Customer sales trends 
 Asian vehicle producers have steadily become increasingly important, mainly driven by growth with Japanese OEMs. As a group they represent around 43 of global sales in 2022, of which Japanese OEMs accounts for approximately two thirds. This is a result of the Company's stronger market position based on its local presence in Japan. The local Chinese OEMs as a group accounted for around 5 of the Company's global sales in 2022, with Great Wall representing more than 1 of the Company's global sales. 
 European based brands accounted for 30 of the Company's global sales in 2022. The U.S. based OEMs (including Chrysler and new EV manufactures) accounted for 25 of the Company's global sales in 2022. Globally one of the Company's strongest growing customers from 2021 to 2022 was Stellantis. 
 Research, Development and Engineering, net (R,D E) 
 No single customer project accounted for more than 5 of Autoliv s total R,D E, net spending during 2022. To fuel Autoliv s product portfolio, additional expertise is brought in-house via technology partnerships and licensing agreements. 
 During 2022, gross expenditures for R,D E amounted to 595 million compared to 596 million in 2021. Of these amounts, 205 million in 2022 and 205 million in 2021 were related to customer-funded engineering projects and crash tests reimbursed by the customers. Net of this income, R,D E expenditures in 2022 was 390 million, virtually unchanged compared to 2021. Of the R,D E, net expense in 2022, 79 was for projects and programs where the Company has customer orders, typically related to vehicle models in development. The remaining 21 was mainly for new innovations, products and standardizations that will yield greater benefits over time. 
 Regulatory Costs 
 The fitting of seatbelts in most types of motor vehicles is mandatory in almost all countries and many countries have strict laws regarding the use of seatbelts while in vehicles. In addition, most developed countries require that seats in intercity buses and commercial vehicles be fitted with seatbelts. In the U.S., federal legislation requires frontal airbags on the driver-side and the passenger-side of all new passenger cars since 1998 and in all sport utility vehicles, pickup trucks, and vans since 1999. 
 For information concerning the material effects on the Company's business relating to its compliance with government safety regulations, see Risk Factors Our business may be adversely affected by laws or regulations, including environmental, occupational health and safety, and other governmental regulations and Our business may be adversely affected by changes in automotive safety regulations or concerns that drive further regulation of the automobile safety market in Item 1A of this Annual Report and in Item 7 under the section Risks and Risk Management of this Annual Report. 
 7 

Human Capital Management 
 The Company's drive for excellence is what makes Autoliv the world s leading supplier of automotive safety systems. From the earliest stages of product development to sales and design to the final delivery of the finished product, Autoliv's employees are driven by the Company's mission to save more lives. 
 The successful execution of the Company's strategies relies on its ability to shape a quality and performance-oriented culture, and to adapt quickly to sudden shifts in its circumstances, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, supply chain disruptions, and geopolitical instability experienced in 2022. A turbulent external environment presents many challenges but also opportunities. As the Company moves forward its workforce strives to respond with agility to new possibilities to grow and improve the Company's business whilst delivering with excellence to its customers. The Company builds a winning team by focusing on creating a work environment that attracts, retains, and engages its employees. The Company's employees take great pride in working together to provide safety solutions for mobility and society that work in real life situations, and the Company is always looking for new team members who share this passion. 
 The table below shows the Company's total workforce as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

2022 

2021 

Total workforce 

69,100 

60,600 

Whereof: 

Direct workforce in manufacturing 

50,600 

43,000 

Indirect workforce 

18,500 

17,600 

Temporary workforce 

11 

8 

Diversity and Inclusion 
 When attracting, developing and retaining talent, the Company seeks individuals who hold varied experiences and viewpoints to create an inclusive and diverse workplace that allows each employee to do their best work and drive the Company's collective success. The Company's workforce reflects the diversity of the countries and cultures in which it operates. At the end of 2022, 49 of the Company's 
 workforce and 18 of the Company's senior management positions were held by women. 
 
 The Company has operations in 27 different countries, with 17 of its workforce located in Asia (excluding China), 31 in the Americas, 13 in China, and 39 in Europe (including South Africa, Tunisia, Russia, and Turkey). 
 The table below show the Company's workforce by age group and gender in at the end of 2022. 

of Men 
 Age group 
 of Women 

1 
 >60 
 1 

5 
 51-60 
 5 

10 
 41-50 
 11 

18 
 31-40 
 16 

15 
 21-30 
 14 

2 
 
 2 

Talent Attraction, Development, and Retention 
 The Company believes that attraction, development, and retention of talent is essential to its success, especially in today's environment. The Company offers an inclusive work environment where its employees are challenged and achieve great things together. Supporting the development of the employees is essential in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment. An important cornerstone of each employee s growth is the ongoing dialogue between the team member and manager, which is summarized during an annual Performance and Development Dialogue (PDD). During the year, 99 of targeted employees conducted a PDD with their managers. To provide opportunities for professional and personal growth of the employees, the Company has a multitude of development channels, including technical and specialist career paths, international assignments and other such programs. 
 The Company provides market-based competitive compensation through its salary, annual incentive, and long-term incentive programs and benefits packages that promote employee well-being across all aspects of their lives. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 The Company is committed to providing a zero accident work environment that promotes the health, safety and welfare of its employees. Autoliv s production facilities implement the Company's health and safety management system, which is supported by leadership teams. Implementation of the system as well as the ISO 45001 health and safety management system is monitored through internal and external audits. At the end of 2022, 71 of production facilities were certified according to ISO 45001. 
 Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has protected its employees health and well-being by providing the technology and communication equipment necessary to allow many of its employees to work remotely. For those who cannot effectively do their jobs remotely, the Company has put protocols in place to ensure a safe working environment. 
 8 

Labor Relations 
 The Company offers fair terms and conditions of employment. The Company's overall purpose, Code of Conduct, talent development strategies and employment policies support the principles in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and the International Labor Organization s Fundamental Principles and Labor Standards. 
 The Company considers its relationship with its personnel to be good. While there have been a small number of minor labor disputes historically, such disputes have not had a significant or lasting impact on the Company's relationship with its employees, customer perception of its employee practices or its business results. 
 Major unions to which some of the Company's employees belong in Europe include: IG Metall in Germany; Unite the union in the United Kingdom; Conf d ration G n rale des Travailleurs (CGT), Conf d ration Fran aise D mocratique du Travail (CFDT), Conf d ration Fran aise de l Encadrement Conf d ration G n rale des cadres (CFE-CGC), Force Ouvri re (FO), Conf d ration Fran aise des Travailleurs Chr tiens (CFTC), Solidaires, Unitaires, D mocratiques (SUD) and Conf deration Autonome du Travail (CAT) in France; Union General de Trabajadores (UGT), Union Sindical Obrera (USO), Comisiones Obereras (CCOO) and Confederacion General de Trabajadores (CGT) in Spain; IF Metall, Unionen, Sveriges Ingenj rer and Ledarna in Sweden; Industriaal- ja Metallit tajate Ameti hingute Liit (IMTAL) in Estonia; Vasas Szakszervezeti Sz vets g (Hungarian Metallworkers Federation) in Hungary; Samorzadny Niezalez ny Zwiazek Zawodowy Pracownikow and Zakladowa Organizacja Zwi zkowa NSZZ Solidarnosc in Poland; National Union of Metal Workers South Africa (NUMSA) in South Africa; Union G n rale des Travailleurs Tunisiens (UGTT) and Union des travailleurs Tunisiens (UTT) in Tunisia and T rk Metal Sendikasi in Turkey. 
 In addition, the Company s employees in other regions are represented by the following unions: Unifor in Canada; Sindicato de Jornaleros y Obreros Industriales y de la Industria Maquiladora de H.Matamoros, Tamaulipas (CTM); Sindicato Nacional de Trabajadores de la Industria Metal rgica y Similares (CTM); Sindicato Nacional de Trabajadores de la Industria Arnesera, El ctrica, Automotriz y Aeron utica de la Rep blica Mexicana; Nueva Cultura Laboral de trabajadores de la fabricaci n, manufactura, ensamble de autopartes mec nicas y el ctricas y componentes de la industria Automotriz (CROC); Sindicato Nacional de Trabajadores de la Industria de Autopartes en General y/o Similares, Conexos y sus Servicios de la Rep blica Mexicana, in Mexico; Sindicato dos Metal rgicos de Taubat e Regi o in Brazil; Autoliv India Employees Association, Bangalore Mysore in India; the Korean Metal Workers Union (FKTU) in Korea and Autoliv Japan Roudou Kumiai in Japan; Shanghai General Labor Union in China. 
 In many European countries, Canada, Mexico, Brazil and Korea, wages, salaries and general working conditions are negotiated with local unions and/or are subject to centrally negotiated collective bargaining agreements. The terms of the Company's various agreements with unions typically range between 1-3 years. Some of the Company's subsidiaries in Europe, Canada, Mexico, Brazil and Korea must negotiate with the applicable local unions with respect to important changes in operations, working and employment conditions. Twice a year, members of the Company s management conduct a meeting with the European Works Council (EWC) to provide employee representatives with important information about the Company and a forum for the exchange of ideas and opinions. 
 In many Asia Pacific countries, the central or regional governments provide guidance each year for salary adjustments or statutory minimum wage for workers. The Company's employees may join associations in accordance with local legislation and rules, although the level of unionization varies significantly throughout its operations. 
 
 Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) 
 The table below reflects certain KPIs on which the Company is particularly focused on with respect to the management of its workforce. 

KPI 
 2022 
 
 2021 

of Autoliv facilities certified (OHSAS 18001 or ISO 45001) 
 
 71 
 
 Not available 

Incident rate 1) 
 0.32 
 
 0.41 

Severity rate 2) 
 3.31 
 
 5.84 

women in workforce 
 
 49 

47 

women in senior management positions 
 
 18 

17 

PDD rate 3) 
 
 99 

99 

No. of employees attended at least one training program 
 
 4,100 

4,400 

1) Number of reportable injuries per 200,000 employee hours of exposure. 

2) Total days away from work due to a work-related reportable injury and/or illness per 200,000 employee hours of exposure. 

3) Percentage of total employees participating in Autoliv's annual Performance and Development Dialogue (PDD). 

Available Information 
 The Company files or furnishes with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC periodic reports and amendments thereto, which include annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other information. Such reports, amendments, proxy statements, and other information are made available free of charge on the Company's corporate website at www.autoliv.com and are available as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with the SEC. The Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines, committee charters, code of conduct, and other documents governing the Company are also available on its corporate website at www.autoliv.com . The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy statements and other information at www.sec.gov . Hard copies of the above-mentioned documents can be obtained free of charge by contacting the Company at: Autoliv, Inc., P.O. Box 70381, SE-107 24, Stockholm, Sweden. 
 9 

Item 1A. Ri sk Factors 
 Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows may be impacted by a number of factors. A discussion of the risks associated with these material risk factors is included below. 
 RISKS RELATED TO ADVERSE GLOBAL HEALTH AND GEOPOLITICAL DEVELOPMENTS 
 We face risks related to the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic that have, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse impact on our business and financial performance 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant volatility in the global economy and led to reduced economic activity and employment and has disrupted, and may continue to disrupt, the global automotive industry and customer sales, production volumes and purchases of light vehicles by end-consumers. The spread of COVID-19 has also caused disruptions in the manufacturing, delivery, and overall supply chains of automobile manufacturers and suppliers. Global light vehicle production LVP has been lower than expected and is expected to continue to be volatile. If the global economic effects caused by the pandemic continue or increase, overall customer demand may decrease, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The full extent of the effect of the pandemic on us, our customers, our supply chain or the global supply chain and our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration and severity of the outbreak, subsequent outbreaks or the extent of any recession resulting from the pandemic. We may continue to experience the effects of the pandemic even after it has waned, and our business, results of operations and financial condition could continue to be affected. In addition to the risks specifically described above, the impacts of the pandemic are likely to implicate and exacerbate other risks disclosed in Item 1A of this Annual Report, any of which could have a material effect on our operating results, cash flows, or financial condition. 
 
 Although we have minimal operations in Russia, we face risks related to the war in Ukraine, which has had, and is expected to continue to have, an adverse impact on our business and financial performance 
 The macro-economic uncertainty has been exacerbated by the war in Ukraine. Although the length and impact of the ongoing war is highly unpredictable, it exacerbated volatility in commodity prices, energy prices, inflationary pressures, credit markets, foreign exchange rates and supply chain disruptions. Furthermore, governments in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada and European Union have each imposed export controls on certain products and financial and economic sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia. Existing or additional sanctions could further adversely affect the global economy and further disrupt the global supply chain. Inflation is also currently high world-wide and may continue for an unforeseen time. 
 
 Due in part to the negative impact of the war in Ukraine, we have experienced exacerbated increases in raw materials and increased costs for transportation, energy, and commodities. Although have negotiated and continue to negotiate with our customers with respect to these additional costs, commercial negotiations with our customers may not be successful or may not offset all of the adverse impact of higher transportation, energy and commodity costs. Additionally, even if we are successful with respect to negotiations with customers relating to cost increases, there may be delay before we recover any increased costs. These may have a material negative impact on our business and results of operations. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR INDUSTRY 
 The cyclical nature of automotive sales and production can adversely affect our business. Our business is directly related to LVP in the global market and by our customers, and automotive sales and LVP are the most important drivers for our sales 
 Automotive sales and production are highly cyclical and can be affected by general or regional economic or industry conditions, the level of consumer demand, recalls and other safety issues, labor relations issues, technological changes, fuel prices and availability, vehicle safety regulations and other regulatory requirements, governmental initiatives, trade agreements, political volatility (especially in energy producing countries and growth markets), changes in interest rate levels and credit availability and other factors. Some regions around the world may at various times be more particularly impacted by these factors than other regions. Economic declines that result in a significant reduction in automotive sales and production by our customers have in the past had, and may in the future have, a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our sales are also affected by inventory levels of our customers. We cannot predict when our customers will decide to either increase or reduce inventory levels or whether new inventory levels will approximate historical inventory levels. This may exacerbate variability in our order intake and, as a result, our revenues and financial condition. Uncertainty regarding inventory levels may be exacerbated by consumer financing programs initiated or terminated by our customers or governments as such changes may affect the timing of their sales. Changes in automotive sales and LVP and/or customers inventory levels will have an impact on our mid- and long-term financial targets, earnings guidance, and estimates. In addition, we base our growth projections in part on business awards, or order intake, made by our customers. However, actual production orders from our customers may not approximate the awarded business or our estimated order intake. Any significant reduction in automotive sales and/or LVP by our customers, whether due to general economic conditions or any other factors relevant to sales or LVP, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 10 

Growth rates in safety content per vehicle, which can be impacted by changes in consumer trends and political decisions, could affect our results in the future 
 The Company estimates that the average global content of passive safety systems per light vehicle increased in 2022 to around 255. Vehicles produced in different markets may have various passive safety content values. For example, in developed markets such as Western Europe and North America, the premium segment has an average passive safety content values of over 350 per vehicle, whereas in growth markets such as China and India the average passive safety content per vehicle is approximately 210 and 100, respectively. Due to the majority of the growth in global LVP over time being concentrated in growth markets, our operating results may be impacted if the passive safety content per vehicle remains low and if the penetration of more advanced automotive safety systems does not increase in these regions. As passive safety content per vehicle is also an indicator of our sales development, should these trends continue, the average value of passive safety systems per vehicle could decline. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market 
 The market for occupant restraint systems is highly competitive. We compete with a number of other companies that produce and sell similar products. Among other factors, our products compete on the basis of price, quality, manufacturing and distribution capability, design and performance, technological innovation, delivery, and service. Some of our competitors are subsidiaries (or divisions, units or similar) of companies that are larger and have greater financial and other resources than us. Some of our competitors may also have a preferred status as a result of special relationships or ownership interests with certain customers. Our ability to compete successfully depends, in large part, on our success in continuing to innovate and manufacture products that have commercial success with consumers, differentiating our products from those of our competitors, continuing to deliver quality products in the time frames required by our customers, and maintaining best-cost production. We continue to invest in technology and innovation which we believe will be critical to our long-term growth. Our ability to maintain and improve existing products, while successfully developing and introducing distinctive new and enhanced products that anticipate changing customer and consumer preferences and capitalize upon emerging technologies will be a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. If we are unsuccessful or are less successful than our competitors in predicting the course of market development, developing innovative products, processes, and/or use of materials or adapting to new technologies or evolving regulatory, industry or customer requirements, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage. For example, our customers are increasingly focused on developing electric vehicles. If we fail to be awarded business on electric vehicle models, it will harm our future business prospects. Our competitive environment continues to change, including increased competition from entrants outside the traditional automotive industry, creating uncertainty about the future competitive landscape. Given the competitive nature of our business, the amount of awards we are awarded relative to our peers may decrease over time. Additionally, OEMs rigorously evaluate our performance and products against those of our competitors on the basis of product quality, reliability and cost-effectiveness. If one or more of our OEM customers determine that they could achieve overall better financial results by incorporating a competitor s new or existing product, it could affect our ability to be competitive and may decrease our current market share. The inability to compete successfully could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 The discontinuation, lack of commercial success, or loss of business with respect to a particular vehicle model for which we are a significant supplier could reduce our sales and harm our business 
 A number of our customer contracts generally require us to supply a customer s annual requirements for a particular vehicle model and assembly facilities, rather than for manufacturing a specific quantity of products. Such contracts range from one year to the life of the model, which is generally four to seven years. These contracts are often subject to renegotiation, sometimes as frequent as on an annual basis, which may affect product pricing, and generally may be terminated by our customers at any time. Therefore, the discontinuation of, the loss of business with respect to, or a lack of commercial success of a particular vehicle model or brand for which we are a significant supplier could reduce our sales and harm our business prospects, operating results, cash flows, or financial condition. 
 We are working to expand our product offerings beyond light passenger vehicles to include other mobility safety solutions. If we are not successful in expanding our product offerings or if it takes longer or costs are more than expected, it could harm our business 
 The Company is working to expand its product offerings to focus on mobility safety solutions. Because mobility safety product offerings are currently in the development stages, it is difficult for us to anticipate the level of sales they may generate. The expansion of our product offering will require us to invest time and resources to develop innovative products, such as wearables and helmets, that keep pace with continuing changes in industry standards and to reach new customers who have rapidly changing preferences. Our product offerings might not receive customer acceptance if customer preferences shift to other products, and our future success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes. If we are not successful in expanding our product offerings or if it takes longer or costs are more than expected, it could negatively impact our financial results, competitive position, and future business prospects. 
 
 11 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 
 We may incur material losses and costs as a result of product liability, warranty, and recall claims that may be brought against us or our customers 
 We face risks related to product liability claims, warranty claims, and recalls in the event that any of our products actually or allegedly are defective, fail to perform as expected, or the use of our products results, or is alleged to result, in bodily injury and/or property damage. We may not be able to anticipate all of the possible performance or reliability problems that could arise with our products after they are released to the market. Additionally, increasing regulation and reporting requirements regarding potentially defective products, particularly in the U.S., may increase the possibility that we become involved in additional product liability or recall investigations or claims. See Our business may be adversely affected by changes in automotive safety regulations or concerns that drive further regulation of the automobile safety market . Although we currently carry product liability and product recall insurance in excess of our self-insured amounts, no assurance can be made that such insurance will provide adequate coverage against potential claims, such insurance is available or will continue to be available in the appropriate markets, or that we will be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future as the cost of such insurance has risen in recent years and the cost of our self-insurance program has risen as well. Although we have invested and will continue to invest in our engineering, design, and quality infrastructure, we cannot give any assurance that our products will not suffer from defects or other deficiencies or that we will not experience material warranty claims or product recalls. In the future, we could experience material warranty or product liability losses and incur significant costs to process and defend these claims. A successful claim brought against us in excess of available insurance coverage, if any, or a requirement to participate in any product recall, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, cash flows, or financial condition. Future recalls could result in costs not covered by insurance in excess of our self-insurance, further government inquiries, litigation, reputational harm, and could divert management s attention away from other matters. The main variables affecting the costs of a recall are the number of vehicles ultimately determined to be affected by the issue, the cost per vehicle associated with a recall, the determination of proportionate responsibility among the customer, the Company, and any relevant sub-suppliers, and actual insurance recoveries. Every vehicle manufacturer has its own practices regarding product recalls and other product liability actions relating to its suppliers, and the performance and remedial requirements vary between jurisdictions. Due to recall activity in the automotive industry over the past decade, some vehicle manufactures have become even more sensitive to product recall risks. As suppliers become more integrally involved in the vehicle design process and assume more of the vehicle assembly functions, vehicle manufacturers are increasingly looking to their suppliers for contribution when faced with recalls and product liability claims. Product recalls in our industry, even when they do not involve our products, can harm the reputations of our customers, competitors, and us, particularly if those recalls cause consumers to question the safety or reliability of products similar to those we produce. In addition, with global platforms and procedures, vehicle manufacturers are increasingly evaluating our quality performance on a global basis; any one or more quality, warranty or other recall issue(s) (including issues affecting few units and/or having a small financial impact) may cause a vehicle manufacturer to implement measures which may have a severe impact on our operations, such as a global, temporary or prolonged suspension of new orders. In addition, as our products more frequently use global designs and are based on or utilize the same or similar parts, components or solutions, there is a risk that the number of vehicles affected globally by a failure or defect will increase significantly with a corresponding increase in our costs. A warranty, recall or product liability claim brought against us in excess of our available insurance may have a material adverse effect on our business. Vehicle manufacturers are also increasingly requiring their outside suppliers to guarantee or warrant their products and bear the costs of repair and replacement of such products under new vehicle warranties. A vehicle manufacturer may attempt to hold us responsible for some or the entire repair or replacement costs of defective products under new vehicle warranties, when the product supplied did not perform as represented. Accordingly, the future costs of warranty claims by our customers may be material. However, the final amounts determined to be due related to these matters could differ materially from our recorded warranty estimates and our business prospects, operating results, cash flows or financial condition may be materially impacted as a result. In addition, as we adopt new technology, we face an inherent risk of exposure to the claims of others that we have allegedly violated their intellectual property rights. We cannot assure that we will not experience any material warranty, product liability or intellectual property claim losses in the future or that we will not incur significant costs to defend such claims. See If our patents are declared invalid or our technology infringes on the proprietary rights of others, our ability to compete may be impaired . 
 Escalating pricing pressures from our customers may adversely affect our business 
 The automotive industry continues to experience aggressive pricing pressure from customers. This trend is partly attributable to the major automobile manufacturers strong purchasing power. As with other automotive component manufacturers, we are often expected to quote fixed prices or are forced to accept prices with annual price reduction commitments for long-term sales arrangements or discounted reimbursements for engineering work. Price reductions have impacted our sales and profit margins and are expected to continue to do so in the future. Our future profitability will depend upon, among other things, our ability to continuously reduce our cost per unit and maintain our cost structure, enabling us to remain cost-competitive. Our profitability is also influenced by our success in designing and marketing technological improvements in automotive safety systems, which helps us offset price reductions by our customers. If we are unable to offset continued price reductions through improved operating efficiencies and reduced expenditures, these price reductions may have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 12 

We could experience disruption in our supply or delivery chain, which could cause one or more of our customers to halt or delay production 
 We, as with other component manufactures in the automotive industry, ship our products to customer vehicle assembly facilities throughout the world on a just-in-time basis in order for our customers to maintain low inventory levels. Our suppliers (external suppliers as well as our own production sites) use a similar method in providing raw materials to us. However, this just-in-time method makes the logistics supply chain in our industry very complex and vulnerable to disruption. Disruptions in our supply chain may result for many reasons, including closures of one of our own or one of our suppliers facilities or critical manufacturing lines due to strikes or other labor disputes, mechanical failures, electrical outages, fires, explosions, critical pollution levels, critical health and safety and other working conditions issues (including epidemics and pandemics, such as the coronavirus (COVID-19)), natural disasters political upheaval, as well as logistical complications due to labor disruptions, weather or natural disasters, acts of terrorism, mechanical failures, and legislation or regulation regarding the transport of hazardous goods. Additionally, we may experience disruptions if there are newly imposed trade restrictions or delays in customs processing, including if we are unable to obtain government authorization to export or import certain materials, including materials that may be viewed as dangerous such as the propellant used for our inflators. As we continue to expand in growth markets, the risk of such disruptions is heightened. The unavailability of even a single small subcomponent necessary to manufacture one of our products, for whatever reason, could force us to cease production of that product, possibly for a prolonged period. Similarly, a potential quality issue could force us to halt deliveries while we validate the products. Even when products are ready to be shipped, or have been shipped, delays may arise before they reach our customer. Also, similar difficulties for other suppliers may force our customers to halt production, which may in turn impact our sales shipments to such customers. When we fail to timely deliver, we may have to absorb our own costs for identifying and resolving the ultimate problem as well as expeditiously producing and shipping replacement components or products. Generally, we must also carry the costs associated with catching up, such as overtime and premium freight. If we are the cause of a customer being forced to halt production, the customer may seek to recoup all of its losses and expenses from us. These losses and expenses could be very significant and may include consequential losses such as lost profits. Where a customer halts production because of another supplier failing to deliver on time, we may not be fully compensated, if at all. Thus, any such supply chain disruptions could severely impact our operations and/or those of our customers and force us to halt production for prolonged periods of time which could expose us to material claims for compensation and have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, operating results, or financial condition. 
 Adverse developments affecting our suppliers could harm our profitability 
 Any significant disruption in our supplier relationships, particularly relationships with single-source suppliers, could harm our profitability. Furthermore, some of our suppliers may not be able to sufficiently manage the currency commodity cost volatility and/or sharply changing volumes while still performing as we expect. For example, recalls or field actions from our customers can stress the capacity of our supply chain and may inhibit our ability to timely deliver order volumes. We may incur costs as we try to make contingency plans to manage the risks for delivery delays, production delays, production issues or delivery of non-conforming products by our suppliers. 
 Changes in the source, cost, availability of and regulations pertaining to raw materials and components may adversely affect our profit margins 
 Our business uses a broad range of raw materials and components in the manufacture of our products, nearly all of which are generally available from a number of qualified suppliers. Our industry may be affected from time to time by limited supplies or price fluctuations of certain key components and materials. Strong worldwide demand for certain raw materials has had a significant impact on prices and short-term availability in recent years, including in 2022. Such price increases have and could materially increase our operating costs and materially and adversely affect our profit margin, as direct material costs amounted to approximately 52 of our net sales in 2022, of which approximately half is the raw material cost portion. Inflation is currently high world-wide and may continue for some time. Commercial negotiations with our customers and suppliers may not always offset all of the adverse impact of higher raw material, energy, labor, logistics, and commodity costs. Even where we are able to pass price increases along to our customer, there may be (i) a lapse of time before we are able to do so such that we must absorb the cost increase, and (ii) a negative impact on our relationships with such customers and suppliers which may limit our success in securing future awards from customers and securing acceptable supplies from suppliers. In addition, no assurances can be given that the magnitude and duration of such cost increases or any future cost increases could not have a larger adverse impact on our profitability and consolidated financial position than currently anticipated. Additionally, various government regulators require companies that manufacture products containing certain minerals and their derivatives that are known as conflict minerals , originating from the Democratic Republic of Congo or adjoining countries to diligence and report the source of such materials. There are significant resources associated with complying with these requirements, including diligence efforts to determine the sources of conflict minerals used in our products and potential changes to our processes or supplies as a consequence of such diligence efforts. As there may be only a limited number of suppliers able to offer certified conflict free conflict minerals, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain necessary conflict free minerals from such suppliers in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. We may face reputational challenges if we determine that certain of our products contain minerals not determined to be conflict free or if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for all minerals used in our products through the procedures we may implement. Furthermore, our customers are also increasingly requiring us to track sustainable sources of certain raw materials, which also requires additional diligence efforts and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain these materials in a cost-efficient and sustainable manner. Accordingly, these rules and customer requirements may adversely affect our business prospects, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. 
 13 

Our business could be materially and adversely affected if we lost any of our largest customers or if they were unable to pay their invoices 
 We are dependent on a few large customers with strong purchasing power. This is the result of customer consolidation in the last few decades. In 2022, our top five customers represented around 49 of our consolidated sales, and our largest customer contract accounted for around 2 of our consolidated sales. Although business with any given customer is typically split into several contracts (either on the basis of one contract per vehicle model or on a broader platform basis), the loss of business from any of our major customers (whether by lower overall demand for vehicles, cancellation of existing contracts or the failure to award us new business) could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Similarly, further consolidation of our customers in the future could make us more reliant upon a smaller group of customers for a significant portion of our consolidated sales and negatively impact our bargaining power when contracting with such customers. Customers may put us on a new business hold, which would limit our ability to quote or be awarded all or part of their future vehicle contracts if quality or other issues arise in the vehicles for which we were a supplier. Such new business holds range in length and scope and are generally accompanied by a certain set of remedial conditions that must be met before we are eligible to bid for new business. Meeting any such conditions within the prescribed timeframe may require additional Company resources. A failure to satisfy any such conditions may have a material adverse impact on our financial results in the long term. There is a risk that one or more of our major customers may be unable to pay our invoices as they become due or that a customer will simply refuse to make such payments given its financial difficulties. If a major customer would enter into bankruptcy proceedings or similar proceedings whereby contractual commitments are subject to stay of execution and the possibility of legal or other modification, or if a major customer otherwise successfully procures protection against us legally enforcing its obligations, it is likely, absent special relief such as having a preferred status , that we will be forced to record a substantial loss. Additional information concerning our major customers is included in Note 20, Segment Information, of the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 Our inability to effectively manage the timing, quality and costs of new program launches could adversely affect our financial performance 
 To compete effectively in the automotive supply industry, we must be able to launch new products to meet our customers timing, performance, and quality standards. At times, we face an uneven number of launches and some launches, for various reasons, may have shortened launch lead times. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to install and certify the equipment needed to produce products for new programs in time for the start of production, or that the transitioning of our manufacturing facilities and resources to full production for such new programs will not impact production rates or other operational efficiency measures at our facilities. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that our customers will execute on schedule the launch of their new product programs, for which we might supply products. Additionally, as a Tier 1 supplier, we must effectively coordinate the activities of numerous suppliers in order to launch programs successfully. Given the complexity of new program launches, especially involving new and innovative technologies, we may experience difficulties managing product quality, timeliness and associated costs. In addition, new program launches require a significant ramp up of costs; however, the sales related to these new programs generally are dependent upon the timing and success of the introduction of new vehicles by the Company s customers. Our inability to effectively manage the timing, quality and costs of these new program launches could adversely affect our business prospects, operating results, cash flows, or financial condition. 
 Changes in our product mix may impact our financial performance 
 We sell products that have varying profit margins. Our financial performance can be impacted depending on the mix of products we sell during a given period. Our earnings guidance, estimates and mid- and long-term financial targets assume a certain geographic sales mix as well as a product sales mix. If actual results vary significantly from this projected geographic and product mix of sales, our operating results and financial condition could be negatively impacted. 
 We are involved from time to time in legal proceedings and our business may suffer as a result of adverse outcomes of current or future legal proceedings 
 We are, from time to time, involved in litigation, regulatory proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes that may be significant. These matters may include, without limitation, disputes with our suppliers and customers, intellectual property claims, shareholder litigation, government investigations, class action lawsuits, personal injury claims, product liability claims, environmental issues, antitrust, customs and VAT disputes and employment and tax issues. In such matters, government agencies or private parties may seek to recover from us very large, indeterminate amounts in penalties or monetary damages (including, in some cases, treble or punitive damages) or seek to limit our operations in some way. For example, a U.S. federal court has entered an order requiring Autoliv to pay approximately 118 million, approximately 18 million in actual compensatory damages plus pre-judgment interest and 100 million in punitive damages, because Autoliv manufactured the seatbelt that was involved in an accident. The Company has appealed the verdict. The possibility exists that claims may be asserted against us and their magnitude may remain unknown for long periods of time. These types of lawsuits could require a significant amount of management s time and attention and a substantial legal liability or adverse regulatory outcome and the substantial expenses to defend the litigation or regulatory proceedings may have a material adverse effect on our customer relationships, business prospects, reputation, operating results, cash flows and financial condition. No assurances can be given that such proceedings and claims will not have a material adverse impact on our profitability and consolidated financial position or that our established reserves or our available insurance will mitigate such impact. 
 
 14 

We may be subject to civil antitrust litigation that could negatively impact our business 
 The Company may be subject to civil antitrust lawsuits in the future in countries that permit such civil claims, including lawsuits or other actions by our customers. The Company was previously the subject of an investigation by the European Commission EC regarding possible anti-competitive behavior among certain suppliers to the automotive vehicle industry. The Company paid a fine to resolve these matters in 2019. As a result of the outcome of the EC investigation, we are and we could be subject to subsequent civil disputes with non-governmental third parties and civil or stockholder litigation stemming from the same facts and circumstances underlying the EC investigation. These types of lawsuits require significant management time and attention and could result in significant expenses as well as unfavorable outcomes that could have a material adverse impact on our customer relationships, business prospects, reputation, operating results, cash flows or financial condition, and our insurance may not mitigate such impact. See Note 17, Contingent Liabilities, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 Work stoppages, slow-downs or other labor issues at our customers facilities or at our facilities could adversely affect our operations 
 Because the automotive industry relies heavily on just-in-time delivery of components during the assembly and manufacture of vehicles, a work stoppage or slow-down at one or more of the Company s facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business. Similarly, if any of our customers were to experience a work stoppage or slow-down, that customer may halt or limit the purchase of our products. Similarly, a work stoppage or slow-down at another supplier could interrupt production at one of our customers facilities which would have the same effect. While labor contract negotiations at our facilities historically have rarely resulted in work stoppages, no assurances can be given that we will be able to negotiate acceptable contracts with these unions or that our failure to do so will not result in work stoppages. A work stoppage or other labor disruption at one or more of our facilities or our customers facilities could cause us to shut down production facilities supplying these products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our ability to operate our company effectively could be impaired if we fail to attract and retain executive officers and other key personnel 
 Our ability to operate our business and implement our strategies effectively depends, in part, on the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees. In addition, our future success will depend on, among other factors, our ability to attract, develop and retain other qualified personnel, particularly engineers and other employees with software and technical expertise. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers or other key employees or the failure to attract, develop or retain other qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Restructuring, efficiency, and strategic initiatives and capacity alignments are complex and difficult and at any time additional restructuring steps may be necessary, possibly on short notice and at significant cost 
 Our restructuring, efficiency, and strategic initiatives and capacity alignments include efforts to adjust our manufacturing capacity and cost structure to meet current and projected operational and market requirements, including plant closures, transfer of sourcing to best cost countries, consolidation of our supplier base, and standardization of products to reduce our overhead costs and consolidate our operational centers. The successful implementation of our restructuring activities and capacity alignments will involve sourcing, logistics, technology and employment arrangements. Because these restructuring, efficiency, and strategic initiatives and capacity alignments can be complex, there may be difficulties or delays in the implementation of any such initiatives and capacity alignments or they may not be immediately effective, resulting in an adverse material impact on our performance. In addition, there is a risk that inflation, high-turnover rates, and increased competition may reduce the efficiencies now available in best-cost countries to levels that no longer allow for cost-beneficial restructuring opportunities. Therefore, there can be no assurances that any future restructurings or capacity alignments will be completed as planned or achieve the desired results. See Note 11, Restructuring, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 A prolonged recession and/or a downturn in our industry could result in us having insufficient funds to continue our operations and external financing may not be available to us or available only on materially different terms than what has historically been available 
 Our ability to generate cash from our operations is highly dependent on automotive sales and LVP, the global economy, and the economies of our important markets. If LVP were to remain on low levels for an extended period of time, we would experience a significantly negative cash flow. Similarly, if cash losses for customer defaults rise sharply, we would experience a negative cash flow. Such negative cash flow could result in our having insufficient funds to continue our operations unless we can procure external financing, which may not be possible. Our access to debt, securitization, or derivative markets around the world at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts could be affected by credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, regulatory requirements, or other factors. Our ability to obtain unsecured funding at a reasonable cost is dependent on our credit ratings or our perceived creditworthiness. Our current credit rating could be lowered as a result of us experiencing significant negative cash flows, increasing our indebtedness and leverage, or a dire financial outlook, which may affect our ability to procure financing. We may also for the same, or other reasons, find it difficult to secure new long-term credit facilities, at reasonable terms, when our principal credit facility expires in 2027. Further, even our existing unutilized credit facilities may not be available to us as agreed, or only at additional cost, if participating banks are unable to raise the necessary funds, where, for instance, financial markets are not functioning as expected or one or more banks in our principal credit facility syndicate were to default. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will continue to have sufficient liquidity to meet our operating needs. In the event that we do not have sufficient external financing, we may be required to seek additional capital, sell assets, reduce or cut back our operating activities or otherwise alter our business strategy. Information concerning our credit facilities and other financings are included in Item 7 in this Annual Report in the section headed Treasury Activities and in Note 13, Debt and Credit Agreements, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 15 

Our indebtedness may harm our financial condition and results of operations 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have outstanding debt of 1.8 billion. We may incur additional debt for a variety of reasons. Although our significant credit facilities and debt agreements do not have any financial covenants, our level of indebtedness will have several important effects on our future operations, including, without limitation: a portion of our cash flows from operations will be dedicated to the payment of any interest or could be used for amortization required with respect to outstanding indebtedness; increases in our outstanding indebtedness and leverage will increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions, as well as to competitive pressure; depending on the levels of our outstanding debt, our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures, general corporate and other purposes may be limited; and potential future tightening of the availability of capital both from financial institutions and the debt markets may have an adverse effect on our ability to access additional capital. 
 Governmental restrictions may impact our business adversely 
 Some of our customers are (or may be) owned by a governmental entity, receive various forms of governmental aid or support or are subject to governmental influence in other forms, which may impact us as a supplier to these customers. As a result, they may be required to partner with local entities or procure components from local suppliers to achieve a specific local content or be subject to other restrictions regarding localized content or ownership. The nature and form of any such restrictions or protections, whatever their basis, is very difficult to predict as is their potential impact. However, they are likely to be based on political rather than economical or operational considerations and may materially impact our business. 
 Impairment charges relating to our assets, goodwill and other intangible assets could adversely affect our financial performance 
 We periodically review the carrying value of our assets, goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment indicators. If one or more of our customers facilities cease production or decrease their production volumes, the assets we carry related to our facilities serving such customers may decrease in value because we may no longer be able to utilize or realize them as intended. Where such decreases are significant, such impairments may have a material adverse impact on our financial results. We monitor the various factors that impact the valuation of our goodwill and other intangible assets, including expected future cash flow levels, global economic conditions, market price for our stock, and trends with our customers. Impairment of goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets may result from, among other things, deterioration in our performance and especially the cash flow performance of these goodwill assets, adverse market conditions and adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations. If there are changes in these circumstances or the other variables associated with the estimates, judgments and assumptions relating to the valuation of goodwill, when assessing the valuation of our goodwill items, we may determine that it is appropriate to write down a portion of our goodwill or intangible assets and record related non-cash impairment charges. In the event that we determine that we are required to write-down a portion of our goodwill items and other intangible assets and thereby record related non-cash impairment charges, our financial condition and operating results would be adversely affected. For additional information, see Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Significant Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates Goodwill and Intangibles . 
 We face risks related to our defined benefit pension plans and employee benefit plans, including the need for additional funding as well as higher costs and liabilities 
 Our defined benefit pension plans and employee benefit plans may require additional funding or give rise to higher related costs and liabilities which, in some circumstances, could reach material amounts and negatively affect our operating results. We are required to make certain year-end assumptions regarding our pension plans. Our pension obligations are dependent on several factors, including factors outside our control such as changes in interest rates, the market performance of the diversified investments underlying the pension plans, actuarial data and adjustments and an increase in the minimum funding requirements or other regulatory changes governing the plans. Adverse equity market conditions and volatility in the credit market may have an unfavorable impact on the value of our pension assets and our future estimated pension liabilities. Internal factors such as an adjustment to the level of benefits provided under the plans may also lead to an increase in our pension liability. If these or other internal and external risks were to occur, alone or in combination, our required contributions to the plans and the costs and net liabilities associated with the plans could increase substantially and have a material effect on our business. Information concerning our benefit plans is included in Note 18, Retirement Plans, of the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 We may not be able to, or we may decide not to, pay dividends or repurchase shares at a level anticipated by our shareholders, which could reduce shareholder returns 
 The extent to which we pay dividends on our common stock and repurchase our common stock in the future is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and depends upon a number of factors, including our earnings, financial condition, cash and capital needs, indebtedness and leverage, and general economic or business conditions. No assurance can be given that we will be able to or will choose to pay any dividends or repurchase any shares in the foreseeable future. 
 
 16 

Cybersecurity incidents or other damage to our technology infrastructure could disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and operating results 
 We rely extensively on information technology IT networks and systems, our global data centers and services provided over the internet to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes or activities across our facilities worldwide. In addition, a greater number of our employees are working remotely which may increase cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risk to our IT networks and systems. The secure operation of our IT networks and systems and the proper processing and maintenance of this information are critical to our business operations. We have been, and likely will continue to be, subject to cyber-attacks. To date we have seen no material impact on our business from these attacks or events. Although we seek to deploy comprehensive security measures to prevent, detect, address and mitigate these threats, there has been an increased level of activity, and an associated level of sophistication, in cyber-attacks against large multinational companies. The ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers and vendors must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment, as well as those of any companies we acquire. There is no guarantee that these measures will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, system compromises or misuses of data. Our security measures may be breached due to human or technological error, employee malfeasance, system malfunctions or attacks from uncoordinated individuals or sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the Company, its products, its customers, its third-party service providers, and/or other entities with whom we do business. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Disruptions and attacks on our IT systems or the systems of third parties storing our data or employee malfeasance or human or technological error could result in the misappropriation, loss, destruction or corruption of our critical data and confidential or proprietary information, personal information of our employees, the leakage of our or our customers confidential information, improper use of our systems and networks, production downtimes and both internal and external supply shortages, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. It may also result in the theft of intellectual property or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include reputational damage, theft of intellectual property, litigation with third parties, diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering, diversion of the attention of management away from the operation of our business and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, legal claims and liability, regulatory scrutiny, sanctions, fines or penalties (which may not be covered by our insurance policies), negative publicity, release of sensitive and/or confidential information, increases in operating expenses, or lost revenues which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. To the extent that any disruption or security breach results in a misappropriation, loss, destruction or corruption of our customer s information, it could affect our relationships with our customers, create significant expense for us to investigate and remediate damage, lead to claims against the Company and ultimately harm our business. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. In addition, as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs. Furthermore, our technology systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss and telecommunication failures. We continuously seek to maintain a robust program of information security and controls, however, any future significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of customer, associate, supplier or Company data, could result in significant costs, lost sales, fines, lawsuits, and damage to our reputation. 
 Third parties that maintain certain of our confidential and proprietary information could experience a cybersecurity incident 
 We rely on third parties to provide or maintain some of our IT systems, data centers and related services and do not exercise direct control over these systems. Despite the implementation of security measures at third party locations, these IT systems, data centers and cloud services are also vulnerable to security breaches or other disruptions. Additionally, we and certain of our third-party vendors, collect and store personal information in connection with human resources operations and other aspects of our business. While we obtain assurances that any third parties we provide data to will protect this information and, where we believe appropriate, monitor the protections employed by these third parties, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held by us or by third parties may be compromised and expose us to liability for such breach. 
 Global climate change could negatively affect our business 
 Increased public awareness and concern regarding global climate change will likely result in more regional and/or national requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, our shareholders and customers also expect us to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions. There continues to be a lack of consistent climate legislation, which creates economic and regulatory uncertainty. Any future regulations aimed at mitigating climate change may negatively impact the prices of raw materials and energy as well as the demand for certain of our customer s products which could in turn impact demand for our products and impact our results of operations. The costs of compliance and any changes to our operations mandated by new or amended laws, may be significant. We may also face unexpected delays in obtaining permits and approvals required by such laws in connection with our manufacturing facilities, which would hinder our operation of these facilities. Furthermore, any violations of these laws may result in substantial fines and penalties, remediation costs, third party damages, or a suspension or cessation of our operations. We also face physical and transition risks from climate change. The manifestations of climate change, such as extreme weather conditions or more frequent extreme weather events, including wildfires, flooding, water stress and extreme heat, could disrupt our operations, damage our facilities, disrupt our supply chain, including our customers or suppliers, impact the availability and cost of materials needed for manufacturing or increase insurance and other operating costs. As a result, severe weather or a natural disaster that results in a prolonged disruption to our operations, or the operations of our customers or suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, cash flows or financial condition. 
 
 17 

Our goals, targets and ambitions related to sustainability and emissions reduction, and our public statements and disclosures regarding them, expose us to numerous risks 
 We have developed, and will continue to develop and set, goals, targets, ambitions and other objectives related to sustainability matters, including our net-zero emission targets both for ourselves and our supply chain. Some of these are based on our internal scenario analysis, which may not prove to be accurate and carries inherent uncertainties. Statements related to these goals, targets, ambitions and objectives reflect our current plans and do not constitute a guarantee that they will be achieved. Our efforts to research, establish, accomplish, and accurately report on these goals, targets, and objectives expose us to numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks. Additionally, greenhouse gas emissions, particular emissions that come from individuals and entities up and down the value chain (otherwise known as Scope 3 emissions), are very difficult to estimate and our estimates may be materially different than actual emissions. The manner in which we estimate and disclose Scope 3 emissions may differ from other companies, and currently, we do not include downstream Scope 3 emissions in our targets and ambitions. If future governmental regulations require us to modify the basis of our Scope 3 emissions disclosure, our historically disclosed Scope 3 emissions may change materially. Our ability to achieve any stated goal, target, ambition or objective, including with respect to emissions reduction, is subject to numerous factors and conditions, some of which are outside of our control. For example, we have announced that we are collaborating with Polestar to develop a climate neutral car. Such an endeavor requires the innovation and collaboration with a number of partners and is subject to certain inherent risks, including the timetable in which it is achieved. We may also have to purchase carbon offsets in order to meet our targets and objectives, which may not be available or may no longer be considered acceptable to use to meet such targets. 
 Our business may face increased scrutiny from investors and other stakeholders related to our sustainability activities, including the goals, targets, and objectives that we announce, and our methodologies and timelines for pursuing them. If our sustainability practices do not meet investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, which continue to evolve, our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, and our attractiveness as an investment or business partner could be negatively affected. Similarly, our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our sustainability-focused goals, targets, ambitions and objectives, to comply with ethical, environmental, or other standards, regulations, or expectations, or to satisfy various reporting standards with respect to these matters, within the timelines we announce, or at all, could adversely affect our business or reputation, as well as expose us to government enforcement actions and private litigation. 
 RISKS RELATED TO INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS 
 Our business is exposed to risks inherent in international operations 
 We currently conduct operations in various countries and jurisdictions, including locating certain of our manufacturing and distribution facilities internationally, which subjects us to the legal, political, regulatory and social requirements and economic conditions in these jurisdictions. Some of these countries are considered growth markets and emerging markets. International sales and operations, especially in growth markets, subject us to certain risks inherent in doing business abroad, including: exposure to local economic conditions; unexpected changes in laws, regulations, trade, or monetary or fiscal policy, including interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and changes in inflation rates; foreign tax consequences; inability to collect, or delays in collecting, value-added taxes and/or other receivables associated with remittances and other payments by subsidiaries; exposure to local political turmoil and challenging labor conditions; changes in general economic and political conditions in countries where we operate, particularly in emerging markets; expropriation and nationalization; enforcing legal agreements or collecting receivables through foreign legal systems; wage inflation; currency controls, including lack of liquidity in foreign currency due to governmental restrictions, trade protection policies and currency controls, which may create difficulty in repatriating profits or making other remittances; compliance with the requirements of an increasing body of applicable anti-bribery laws; reduced intellectual property protection in various markets; investment restrictions or requirements; and the imposition of product tariffs and the burden of complying with a wide variety of international and U.S. export laws. The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD continues its base erosion and profit shifting BEPS project begun in 2015 with new proposals for a global minimum tax, further development of a coordinated set of rules for taxation and the allocation of taxing rights between jurisdictions. These proposals, if adopted by countries in which we operate, could result in changes to tax policies, including transfer pricing policies, that could ultimately impact our tax liabilities. On December 12, 2022, the European Union member states agreed to implement the OECD s Pillar 2 global corporate minimum tax at a rate of 15 on companies with revenues of at least 790 million, which would go into effect in 2024. Similarly, the United States passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which also imposes, among other things, a 15 corporate minimum tax for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022, on certain U.S. based companies that have average revenues over a three-year period of at least 1 billion. Other countries including the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Canada, Australia and South Korea are also actively considering changes to their tax laws to adopt certain parts of the OECD s proposals. The timing or impact of these proposals and recommendations is unclear at this point. 
 Changes in tax laws or policies by the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions could result in a higher effective tax rate on our worldwide earnings, and any such change could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, cash flows, operating results and financial condition. Our international operations also depend upon favorable trade relations between the countries where we manufacture and sell products and those foreign countries in which our customers and suppliers have operations. Changes in national policy, other governmental action related to tariffs or international trade agreements, changes in social, political regulatory, and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment in the territories and countries where the Company currently manufactures and sells products, and any resulting negative sentiments towards the Company as a result of such changes could depress economic activity and restrict our access to suppliers or customers and have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, operating results and financial condition. Increasing our manufacturing footprint in the growth markets and our business relationships with automotive manufacturers in these markets are particularly important elements of our strategy. As a result, our exposure to the risks described above may be greater in the future, and our exposure to risks associated with developing countries, such as the risk of political upheaval and reliability of local infrastructure, may increase. 
 
 18 

Our foreign operations may subject us to risks relating to laws governing international relations 
 Due to our global operations, we are subject to many laws governing international relations (including, but not limited to, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other anti-bribery regulations in foreign jurisdictions where we do business), which prohibit improper payments to government officials and restrict where and how we can do business, what information or products we can supply to certain countries and what information we can provide to authorities in governmental authorities. We also export components and products that are subject to certain trade-related U.S. laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Act and various economic sanctions programs administered by the U.S. Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control. Although we have procedures and policies in place that should mitigate the risk of violating these laws, there is no guarantee that they will be sufficiently effective. If and when we acquire new businesses, we may not be able to ensure that the pre-existing controls and procedures meant to prevent violations of these laws were effective, and violations may occur if we are unable to timely implement corrective and effective controls and procedures when integrating newly acquired businesses. Any allegations of noncompliance with these laws could harm our reputation, divert management attention and result in significant expenses, and could therefore materially harm our business prospects, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our business in Asia is subject to aggressive competition and is sensitive to economic, market, and political conditions 
 We operate in the automotive supply market throughout Asia including the highly competitive markets in China, South Korea, and India. In each of these markets we face competition from both international and smaller domestic manufacturers. Due to the significance of the Asian markets for our profit and growth, we are exposed to risks in China, South Korea, and India. We anticipate that additional competitors, both international and domestic, may seek to enter the Chinese, South Korean, and/or Indian markets resulting in increased competition. Increased competition may result in lower sales volumes, price reductions, reduced margins and our inability to gain or hold market share. There have been periods of increased market volatility and moderation in the levels of economic growth in China, which resulted in periods of lower automotive production growth rates in China than those previously experienced. Our business in Asia is sensitive to economic and market conditions that drive automotive sales volumes in China, South Korea, and India and may be impacted if there are reductions in vehicle demand in those markets. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic has created significant volatility throughout Asia, particularly in China, which has led to significant reduced economic activity and employment and has disrupted, and may continue to disrupt, the global automotive industry and customer sales, production volumes, and purchases of light vehicles by end-consumers. Although the Chinese government began rolling back its Zero-Covid policies and re-opening its economy in late 2022, if COVID-19 continues to spread or re-emerges in China, or other major markets in Asia, it may cause disruptions in the manufacturing, delivery, and overall supply chains of automobile manufacturers and suppliers. There are also trade and political tensions between China and other countries in the western world. If we are unable to maintain our position in the Asian markets, the pace of growth slows, or vehicle sales in these markets decrease, our business prospects, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Our business in Europe is sensitive to economic and market conditions 
 
 We operate in the automotive supply market throughout Europe and are increasingly subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in the European economy. A significant deterioration in economic conditions, increased volatility, further declines in the European credit, equity, and foreign currency markets or geopolitical disruptions, including the war in Ukraine, could have negative impacts on our business operations in Europe and may lead to delays in or cancellations of customer orders. We also face competition from both international and smaller domestic manufacturers who may seek to enter the European markets resulting in increased competition. Increased competition may result in lower sales volumes, price reductions, reduced margins, and our inability to gain or hold market share. 
 Global integration may result in additional risks 
 Because of our efforts to manage costs by integrating our operations globally, we face the additional risk that, should any of the other risks discussed herein materialize, the negative effects could be more pronounced. For example, while supply delays of a component have typically only affected a few customer vehicle models, such a delay could now affect several vehicle models of several customers in several geographic areas. Similarly, any recall or warranty issue we face due to a product defect or failure is now more likely to involve a larger number of units in several geographic areas. 
 Exchange rate risks 
 As a result of our global presence, a significant portion of our revenues and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We are therefore subject to foreign currency risks and foreign exchange exposure. Such risks and exposures include: transaction exposure, which arises because the cost of a product originates in one currency and the product is sold in another currency; revaluation effects, which arise from valuation of assets denominated in other currencies than the reporting currency of each unit; translation exposure in the income statement, which arises when the income statements of non-U.S. subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars; translation exposure in the balance sheet, which arises when the balance sheets of non-U.S. subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars; and changes in the reported U.S. dollar amounts of cash flows. We cannot predict exchange rate volatility or the extent of its impact on our future financial results. We typically denominate foreign transactions in foreign currencies to achieve a natural hedge. However, a natural hedge cannot be achieved for all our currency flows; therefore, a net transaction exposure remains within the group. The net exposure can be significant and creates a transaction exposure risk for the Company. The Company does not hedge translation exposure. However, we do engage in foreign exchange rate hedging from time to time related to foreign currency transactions. For additional information, see Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk - Currency risks. 
 
 19 

RISKS RELATED TO ACQUISITIONS 
 We face risks in connection with acquisitions, joint ventures, partnerships, and other strategic transactions 
 Our growth has been enhanced through strategic transactions, including acquisitions of businesses, products and technologies, partnerships, strategic alliances, and joint development agreements that we believe will complement our business. We regularly evaluate acquisition opportunities, frequently engage in acquisition discussions, conduct due diligence activities in connection with possible acquisitions, and, where appropriate, engage in acquisition negotiations. We may not be able to successfully identify suitable acquisition and joint venture candidates or complete transactions on acceptable terms, integrate acquired operations into our existing operations or expand into new markets. Our failure to identify suitable strategic transactions may restrict our ability to grow our business. These strategic transactions also involve numerous additional risks to us and our investors, including: risks related to retaining acquired management and employees; difficulties in integrating acquired technologies, products, operations, services and personnel with our existing businesses; diversion of our management s attention from other business concerns; assumption of contingent liabilities; potential adverse financial impacts, including from the amortization of expenses related to intangible assets and from potential impairment of goodwill; incurrence of indebtedness; and potential damage to existing customer relationships or lack of customer acceptance or inability to attract new customers as a result of these transactions. In the future, we may pursue acquisitions of businesses or products that are complementary to our business but for which we have historically had little or no direct experience. These transactions can involve significant challenges and risks as well as significant time and resources that may divert management s attention from other business activities. If we fail to adequately manage these risks, the acquisitions and other strategic transactions may not result in revenue growth, operational synergies or service or technology enhancements, which could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 RISKS RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 If our patents are declared invalid or our technology infringes on the proprietary rights of others, our ability to compete may be impaired 
 We have developed a considerable amount of proprietary technology related to automotive safety systems and rely on a number of patents to protect such technology. Our intellectual property plays an important role in maintaining our competitive position in a number of the markets we serve. At present, we hold more than 6,600 patents and patent applications covering a large number of innovations and product ideas, mainly in the fields of seatbelt and airbag technologies. In addition to our in-house research and development efforts, we seek to acquire rights to new intellectual property through corporate acquisitions, asset acquisitions, licensing and joint venture arrangements. Our patents and licenses expire on various dates during the period from 2023 to 2042. We do not expect the expiration of any single patent or license to have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Developments or assertions by or against us relating to intellectual property rights could negatively impact our business. We primarily protect our innovations with patents and vigorously protect and defend our patents, trademarks and know-how against infringement and unauthorized use. If we are not able to protect our intellectual property and our proprietary rights and technology, we could lose those rights and incur substantial costs policing and defending those rights. We also generate license revenue from these patents, which we may lose if we do not adequately protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. Our means of protecting our intellectual property, proprietary rights and technology may not be adequate, and our competitors may independently develop technologies that are similar or superior to our proprietary technologies, duplicate our technologies, or design around the patents we own or license. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as the laws of the U.S. and we may encounter significant problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or misappropriation of our other intellectual property rights. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. Accordingly, our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. 
 We may not be able to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights, which could result in the loss of our rights or increased costs. 
 Although we believe that our products and technology do not infringe the proprietary rights of others, third parties may assert infringement claims against us in the future. Additionally, we license from third parties proprietary technology covered by patents, and we cannot be certain that any such patents will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented. Such licenses may also be non-exclusive, meaning our competition may also be able to access such technology. Further, we expect to continue to expand our products and services and expand into new businesses, including through developing new products, acquisitions, joint ventures and joint development agreements, which could increase our exposure to patent and other intellectual property claims from competitors and other parties. If claims alleging patent, copyright or trademark infringement are brought against us and are successfully prosecuted against us, they could result in substantial costs. If a successful claim is made against us and we fail to develop non-infringing technology, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, certain of our products utilize components that are developed by third parties and licensed to us. If claims alleging patent, copyright or trademark infringement are brought against such licensors and successfully prosecuted, they could result in substantial costs, and we may not be able to replace the functions provided by these licensors. Alternate sources for the technology currently licensed to us may not be available in a timely manner, may not provide the same functions as currently provided or may be more expensive than products currently used. We may develop proprietary information through our in-house research and development efforts, consulting arrangements or research collaborations with other entities or organizations. We may seek to protect this proprietary information by entering into confidentiality agreements or consulting, services or employment agreements that contain non-disclosure and non-use provisions with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors and other third parties. However, we may fail to enter into the necessary agreements, and even if entered into, these agreements may be breached or may otherwise fail to prevent disclosure, third-party infringement or misappropriation of our proprietary information. 
 
 20 

We may not be able to respond quickly enough to changes in technology and technological risks and to develop our intellectual property into commercially viable products 
 Changes in legislative, regulatory, or industry requirements or in competitive technologies may render certain of our products obsolete or less attractive to our customers. We currently license certain proprietary technology to third parties and, if such technology becomes obsolete or less attractive, those licensees could terminate our license agreements, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our ability to anticipate changes in technology and regulatory standards and to successfully develop and introduce new and enhanced products on a timely basis will be a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to achieve the technological advances that may be necessary for us to remain competitive or that certain of our products will not become obsolete. We are also subject to the risks generally associated with new product introductions and applications, including lack of market acceptance, delays in product development and failure of products to operate properly. As part of our business strategy, we may from time to time seek to acquire businesses or assets that provide us with additional intellectual property. We may experience problems integrating acquired technologies into our existing technologies and products, and such acquired intellectual property may be subject to known or contingent liabilities such as infringement claims. 
 Some of our products and technologies may use open source software, which may restrict how we use or distribute our products or require that we release the source code of certain products subject to those licenses 
 Some of our products and technologies may incorporate software licensed under so-called open source licenses. In addition to risks related to license requirements, usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on origin of the software. Additionally, open source licenses typically require that source code subject to the license be made available to the public and that any modifications or derivative works to open source software continue to be licensed under open source licenses. These open source licenses typically mandate that proprietary software, when combined in specific ways with open source software, become subject to the open source license. If we combine our proprietary software in such ways with open source software, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software. We take steps to ensure that our proprietary software is not combined with, and does not incorporate, open source software in ways that would require our proprietary software to be subject to an open source license. However, few courts have interpreted open source licenses; therefore the manner in which these licenses may be interpreted and enforced is subject to some uncertainty. 
 RISKS RELATED TO GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS AND TAXES 
 Our business may be adversely affected by laws or regulations, including environmental, occupational health and safety, and other governmental regulations 
 We are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations, including those related to the requirements of environmental, occupational health and safety, financial, and other matters. We cannot predict the substance or impact of pending or future legislation or regulations, or the application thereof. The introduction of new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations, or the interpretations thereof, could increase the costs of doing business for us or our customers or suppliers or restrict our actions and adversely affect our business prospects, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. Our operations are subject to environmental and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things, emissions to air, discharges to waters and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste and other materials. The operation of automotive parts manufacturing facilities entails risks in these areas, and we cannot assure that we will not incur material costs or liabilities as a result. Additionally, environmental laws, regulations, and permits and the enforcement thereof change frequently and have tended to become increasingly stringent over time, which may necessitate substantial capital expenditures or operating costs or may require changes of production processes. Although we have no known pending material environmental issues, there is no assurance that we will not be adversely impacted by any environmental costs, liabilities, or claims in the future either under present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. Our costs, liabilities, and obligations relating to environmental matters may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows, or financial condition. Our facilities in the U.S. are subject to regulation by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA ), which regulates the protection of the health and safety of workers. In addition, the OSHA hazard communication standard requires that we maintain information about hazardous materials used or produced in our operations and that we provide this information to employees, state and local governmental authorities and local residents. We are also subject to occupational safety regulations in other countries. Our failure to comply with government occupational safety regulations, including OSHA requirements, or general industry standards relating to employee health and safety, keep adequate records or monitor occupational exposure to regulated substances could expose us to liability, enforcement, and fines and penalties, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows, or financial condition. Although we employ safety procedures in the design and operation of our facilities, there is a risk that an accident or injury to one of our employees could occur in one of our facilities. Any accident or injury to our employees could result in litigation, manufacturing delays and harm to our reputation, which could negatively affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 21 

Our business may be adversely affected by changes in automotive safety regulations or concerns that drive further regulation of the automobile safety market 
 Government vehicle safety regulations are a key driver in our business. Historically, these regulations have imposed ever more stringent safety regulations for vehicles. Safety regulations have a positive impact on driver awareness and acceptance of automotive safety products and technology. These more stringent safety regulations often require vehicles to have more safety content per vehicle and more advanced safety products, which has thus been a driver of growth in our business. However, these regulations are subject to change based on a number of factors that are not within our control, including new scientific or medical data, adverse publicity regarding the industry recalls and safety risks of airbags or seatbelts (for instance, to children and small adults), domestic and foreign political developments or considerations, and litigation relating to our products and our competitors products. Changes in government regulations in response to these and other considerations could have a severe impact on our business. Although we believe that over time safety will continue to be a regulatory priority, if government priorities shift and we are unable to adapt to changing regulations, our business may suffer material adverse effects. The regulatory obligation of complying with safety regulations could increase as federal and local regulators impose more stringent compliance and reporting requirements in response to product recalls and safety issues in our industry. We are subject to existing stringent requirements under the National Traffic and Motor Vehicle Safety Act of 1966 (the Vehicle Safety Act ), including a duty to report, subject to strict timing requirements, safety defects with our products. The Vehicle Safety Act imposes potentially significant civil penalties for violations including the failure to comply with such reporting actions. We are also subject to the existing U.S. Transportation Recall Enhancement, Accountability and Documentation (TREAD) Act, which requires equipment manufacturers, such as Autoliv, to comply with Early Warning requirements by reporting certain information to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration NHTSA such as: information related to defects or reports of injury related to our products. TREAD imposes criminal liability for violating such requirements if a defect subsequently causes death or bodily injury. In addition, the Vehicle Safety Act authorizes NHTSA to require a manufacturer to recall and repair vehicles that contain safety defects or fail to comply with U.S. federal motor vehicle safety standards. Sales into foreign countries may be subject to similar regulations. Due to the record recall of airbag inflators of one of our competitors, NHTSA has become more active in requesting information from suppliers and vehicle manufactures regarding potential product defects and we expect that to continue or increase under the current U.S. presidential administration. 
 Negative or unexpected tax developments could adversely affect our effective tax rate, operating results and financial condition 
 Changes in, or changes in the application of, U.S. or foreign tax laws, regulations or accounting principles with respect to matters such as tax base, tax rates, transfer pricing, dividends and restrictions on certain forms of tax relief or limitations on favorable tax treatment could affect the calculation of our income taxes and other tax liabilities, our effective tax rate, and the carrying value of our deferred tax assets. Our annual tax rate is based on our income and the tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Because of our global operations we face uncertainties and judgments in the application of complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. Significant judgment and estimation is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions, in many cases where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of our tax liability may be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. We are regularly examined by tax authorities around the world and in a number of jurisdictions, we are currently under examination, which inherently creates uncertainty. Although we periodically assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes, negative or unexpected results from one or more of such reviews and audits, including any related interest or penalties imposed by governmental authorities, could increase our effective tax rate and adversely impact our operating results, cash flows or financial condition. The effective tax rates used for interim reporting are based on our projected full-year geographic earnings mix and take into account projected tax costs on intercompany dividends from lower tier subsidiaries. Changes in currency exchange rates, earnings mix among taxing jurisdictions, or the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends could impact our reported effective tax rates, or cause fluctuations in the tax rate from quarter to quarter. Certain anti-trust judgements or settlements may not be tax deductible, which could have a material negative impact to our annual tax rate. A number of other factors may also increase our effective tax rate, which could have an adverse impact on our profitability and operating results. Due to our numerous foreign operations, our tax rate may be impacted by our global mix of earnings if our pre-tax income is lower than anticipated in countries with lower statutory tax rates and/or is higher than anticipated in countries with higher statutory tax rates. Based on U.S. regulatory rules, we do not record current or deferred tax liabilities on permanent investments in our foreign subsidiaries. See Note 5, Income Taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 We may not be able to fully realize our deferred tax assets 
 We currently carry deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances, resulting from deductible temporary differences and tax loss carry-forwards, both of which will reduce taxable income in the future. However, deferred tax assets may only be realized against taxable income. The amount of our deferred tax assets could be reduced, from time to time, due to adverse changes in our operations or in estimates of future taxable income from operations during the carry-forward period as a result of a deterioration in market conditions or other circumstances. Any such reduction would adversely affect our income in the period of the adjustment. Additional information on our deferred tax assets is included in Note 5, Income Taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 RISKS RELATED TO THE SEPARATION OF VEONEER 
 We could incur significant liability if the separation is determined to be a taxable transaction 
 We have received an opinion of outside counsel to the effect that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the separation should qualify, for both Autoliv and its stockholders, as a reorganization within the meaning of Sections 368(a)(1)(D) and 355 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The opinion is based on and relies on, among other things, certain facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements and undertakings of Autoliv and Veoneer, Inc. Veoneer including those relating to the past and future conduct of Autoliv and Veoneer. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations, statements or undertakings is, or becomes, inaccurate or incomplete, reliance on the opinion may be affected. An opinion of outside counsel represents their legal judgment but is not binding on the IRS or any court. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not challenge the conclusions reflected in the opinion or that a court would not sustain such a challenge. 
 22 

Potential indemnification obligations to Veoneer or a refusal of Veoneer to indemnify us pursuant to the agreements executed in connection with the internal reorganization and spin-off could materially adversely affect us 
 The transaction agreements we entered into with Veoneer in connection with the internal reorganization and the spin-off provide for cross-indemnities that require Autoliv and Veoneer to bear financial responsibility for each company s business prior to the internal reorganization or spin-off, as applicable, and to indemnify the other party in connection with a breach of such party of the transaction agreements; provided, however, certain warranty, recall and product liabilities for electronics products manufactured prior to the completion of the internal reorganization have been retained by us and we will indemnify Veoneer for any losses associated with such warranty, recall or product liabilities pursuant to the distribution agreement entered into as part of the spin-off. Any indemnities that we are required to provide to Veoneer may be significant and could negatively affect our business. In addition, there can be no assurance that the indemnities from Veoneer will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of any potential liabilities. Even if we do succeed in recovering from Veoneer any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses ourselves. Additionally, Veoneer was acquired by SSW Partners on April 1, 2022 which may impact our ability to recover any amounts from Veoneer pursuant to the transaction agreements. Each of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 23 

Item 2. P roperties 
 Autoliv s principal executive offices are located at Klarabergsviadukten 70, Section B7, SE-111 64, Stockholm, Sweden. Autoliv s various businesses operate in a number of production facilities and offices. Autoliv believes that its properties are adequately maintained and suitable for their intended use and that the Company s production facilities have adequate capacity for the Company s current and foreseeable needs. All of Autoliv s production facilities and offices are owned or leased by operating (either subsidiary or joint venture) companies. 

AUTOLIV MANUFACTURING FACILITIES 

Country/Company 
 
 Location of Facility 
 
 Items produced at Facility 
 
 Owned/Leased 

Brazil 

Autoliv do Brasil Ltda. 
 
 Taubat 
 
 Seatbelts, airbags, steering wheels and seatbelt webbing 
 
 Owned 

Canada 

Autoliv Canada, Inc. 
 
 Tilbury 
 
 Airbag cushions 
 
 Owned 

VOA Canada, Inc. 
 
 Collingwood 
 
 Seatbelt webbing 
 
 Owned 

China 

Autoliv (Baoding) Vehicle Safety Systems Co., Ltd 
 
 Baoding 
 
 Airbags 
 
 Leased 

Autoliv (Changchun) Vehicle Safety Systems Co., Ltd. 
 
 Changchun 
 
 Airbags and seatbelts 
 
 Owned 

Autoliv (China) Steering Wheel Co., Ltd. 
 
 Fengxian/Shanghai 
 
 Steering wheels 
 
 Owned 

Autoliv (Guangzhou) Vehicle Safety Systems Co., Ltd. 
 
 Guangzhou 
 
 Airbags and seatbelts 
 
 Owned 

Autoliv (Nanjing) Vehicle Safety Systems Co., Ltd. 
 
 Nanjing 
 
 Seatbelts 
 
 Owned 

Autoliv Shenda (Nanjing) Automotive Components Co., Ltd. 
 
 Nanjing 
 
 Seatbelt webbing 
 
 Owned 

Autoliv (Shanghai) Vehicle Safety Systems Co., Ltd. 
 
 Shanghai 
 
 Airbags 
 
 Owned 

Autoliv Shenda (Tai Cang) Automotive Safety Systems Co., Ltd. 
 
 Shanghai 
 
 Seatbelt webbing 
 
 Owned 

Autoliv (Jiangsu) Automotive Safety Components Co., Ltd. 
 
 Jintan 
 
 Propellant, Airbag initiators and Airbag inflators 
 
 Owned 

Autoliv (China) Automotive Safety Systems Co., Ltd. 
 
 Nantong 
 
 Airbag cushions 
 
 Owned 

Mei-An Autoliv Co., Ltd. 
 
 Taipei 
 
 Seatbelts and airbags 
 
 Leased 

Estonia 

AS Norma 
 
 Tallinn 
 
 Seatbelts and belt components 
 
 Owned 

France 

Autoliv France SNC 
 
 Gournay-en-Bray 
 
 Airbags 
 
 Owned 

Autoliv Isodelta SAS 
 
 Chir -en-Montreuil 
 
 Steering wheels and covers 
 
 Owned 

Livbag SAS 
 
 Pont-de-Buis 
 
 Airbag inflators 
 
 Owned 

N.C.S. Pyrotechnie et Technologies SAS 
 
 Survilliers 
 
 Airbag initiators and seatbelt micro gas generators 
 
 Owned 

Germany 

Autoliv B.V. Co. KG 
 
 Elmshorn 
 
 Seatbelts 
 
 Owned 

Hungary 

Autoliv Kft. 
 
 Sopronk vesd 
 
 Seatbelts 
 
 Owned 

India 

Autoliv India Private Ltd. 
 
 Bangalore 
 
 Seatbelts, airbags 
 
 Owned 

Mysore 
 
 Seatbelt webbing and Airbag Cushions 
 
 Owned 

Badli 
 
 Airbags and steering wheels 
 
 Leased 

Indonesia 

P.T. Autoliv Indonesia 
 
 Jakarta 
 
 Seatbelts and steering wheels 
 
 Owned 

Japan 

Autoliv Japan Ltd. 
 
 Atsugi 
 
 Steering wheels 
 
 Leased 

Hiroshima 
 
 Airbags and steering wheels 
 
 Owned 

Taketoyo 
 
 Airbag inflators 
 
 Leased 

Tsukuba 
 
 Airbags and seatbelts 
 
 Owned 

Malaysia 

Autoliv-Hirotako Sdn Bhd 
 
 Kuala Lumpur 
 
 Seatbelts, airbags and steering wheels 
 
 Owned 

24 

Mexico 

Autoliv Mexico East S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Matamoros 
 
 Steering wheels 
 
 Owned 

Autoliv Mexico S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Lerma 
 
 Seatbelts 
 
 Owned 

Autoliv Safety Technology de Mexico S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Tijuana 
 
 Seatbelts 
 
 Leased 

Autoliv Steering Wheels Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Quer taro 
 
 Airbag cushions 
 
 Leased 

Autoliv Steering Wheels Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Quer taro 
 
 Airbags 
 
 Leased 

Autoliv Mexico S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Aguascalientes 
 
 Steering wheels 
 
 Owned 

Philippines 

Autoliv Cebu Safety Manufacturing, Inc. 
 
 Cebu 
 
 Steering wheels 
 
 Owned 

Poland 

Autoliv Poland Sp. zo.o. 
 
 Olawa 
 
 Airbag cushions 
 
 Owned 

Jelcz-Laskowice 
 
 Airbags 
 
 Owned 

Romania 

Autoliv Romania S.R.L. 
 
 Brasov 
 
 Seatbelts, seatbelt webbing, seatbelt components, airbag inflators, steering wheels 
 
 Owned 

Lugoj 
 
 Airbag cushions 
 
 Owned 

Resita 
 
 Airbag cushions 
 
 Owned 

Sfantu Georghe 
 
 Steering wheels 
 
 Owned 

Onesti 
 
 Steering wheels 
 
 Leased 

Rovinari 
 
 Seatbelts 
 
 Owned 

Russia 

OOO Autoliv 
 
 Togliatti 
 
 Airbags, seatbelts and steering wheels 
 
 Leased 

South Africa 

Autoliv Southern Africa (Pty) Ltd. 
 
 Kr gersdorp 
 
 Seatbelts and airbags 
 
 Owned 

South Korea 

Autoliv Corporation 
 
 Hwasung 
 
 Airbags 
 
 Owned 

Spain 

Autoliv BKI S.A.U. 
 
 Valencia 
 
 Airbags 
 
 Owned 

Sweden 

Autoliv Sverige AB 
 
 V rg rda 
 
 Airbag inflators 
 
 Owned 

Thailand 

Autoliv Thailand Ltd. 
 
 Chonburi 
 
 Seatbelts, Airbags and Steering wheels 
 
 Owned 

Chonburi 
 
 Seatbelt components 
 
 Leased 

Tunisia 

STE ASW3 Nadour 
 
 El Fahs 
 
 Steering wheels 
 
 Owned Leased 

STE ASW3 Nadour 
 
 Nadhour 
 
 Steering wheels 
 
 Owned 

Turkey 

Autoliv Cankor Otomotiv Emniyet Sistemleri Sanayi Ve Ticaret A.S. 
 
 Gebze-Kocaeli 
 
 Seatbelts 
 
 Owned 

Autoliv Cankor Otomotiv Emniyet Sistemleri Sanayi Ve Ticaret A.S. Gebze-Subesi 
 
 Gebze-Kocaeli 
 
 Airbags, Steering wheels and Seatbelt components 
 
 Leased 

United Kingdom 

Airbags International Ltd 
 
 Congleton 
 
 Airbag cushions 
 
 Owned 

USA 

Autoliv ASP, Inc. 
 
 Brigham City 
 
 Airbag inflators 
 
 Owned 

Ogden 
 
 Airbags 
 
 Owned 

Ogden 
 
 Airbags and service parts 
 
 Leased 

Promontory 
 
 Propellant 
 
 Owned 

Tremonton 
 
 Airbag initiators and seatbelt micro gas generators 
 
 Owned 

25 

AUTOLIV TECHNICAL CENTERS AND CRASH TEST TRACKS 

Country/Company 
 
 Location 
 
 Product(s) supported 

China 

Autoliv (Shanghai) Vehicle Safety System Technical Center Co., Ltd. 
 
 Shanghai 
 
 Inflators and pyrotechnics customer applications, airbags, steering wheels and seatbelts customer applications and platform development with full-scale test laboratory 

France 

Autoliv France SNC 
 
 Gournay-en-Bray 
 
 Airbags and seatbelts customer applications and platform development with full-scale test laboratory 

Livbag SAS 
 
 Pont-de-Buis 
 
 Inflator and pyrotechnic development 

Autoliv Isodelta SAS 
 
 Chir -de-Montreuil 
 
 Steering wheels development and customer applications 

Germany 

Autoliv B.V. Co. KG 
 
 Dachau 
 
 Customer applications and platform development, airbags with full-scale test laboratory 

Elmshorn 
 
 Seatbelts with full-scale test laboratory 

India 

Autoliv India Private Ltd. 
 
 Bangalore 
 
 Airbags and seatbelts with sled testing 

Japan 

Autoliv Japan Ltd. 
 
 Tsukuba 
 
 Airbags and seatbelts customer applications and platform development with sled test laboratory 

Poland 

Autoliv Poland Sp. zo.o. 
 
 Jelcz 
 
 Airbags applications and platform development 

Romania 

Autoliv Romania S.R.L. 
 
 Brasov 
 
 Seatbelts with sled test laboratory 

South Korea 

Autoliv Corporation 
 
 Seoul 
 
 Airbags and seatbelts customer applications and platform development with sled test laboratory 

Sweden 

Autoliv Development AB 
 
 V rg rda 
 
 Research center 

Autoliv Sverige AB 
 
 V rg rda 
 
 Airbags customer applications, inflator and special safety products development with full-scale test laboratory 

USA 

Autoliv ASP, Inc. 
 
 Auburn Hills 
 
 Airbags, steering wheels, and seatbelts customer applications and platform development with sled test laboratory 

Ogden 
 
 Airbags, inflators and pyrotechnics customer applications and platform development 

26 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 In the ordinary course of its business, the Company is subject to legal proceedings brought by or against the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 See Note 17, Contingent Liabilities, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report for a summary of certain ongoing legal proceedings. Such information is incorporated into this Part I, Item 3 Legal Proceedings by reference. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 27 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Sto ckholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Shareholder information 
 
 The primary exchange market for Autoliv s securities is the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) where Autoliv s common stock trades under the symbol ALV . Autoliv s Swedish Depositary Receipts (SDRs) are traded on NASDAQ Stockholm s list for large market cap companies under the symbol ALIV SDB . Options in SDRs trade on Nasdaq Stockholm under the name Autoliv SDB . Options in Autoliv shares are traded on NASDAQ OMX PHLX and on NYSE Amex Options under the symbol ALV . 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The graph and table below show the cumulative total shareholder return for our common stock since December 31, 2017. The graph compares our performance to that of the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index (S P 500) and the Dow Jones US Auto Parts Index. The Dow Jones US Auto Parts Index is our newly chosen and replaces the OMX Auto Index we used in prior reports. We believe the Dow Jones US Auto Parts Index is a better representation of our peer companies than the OMX Auto Index which is composed of a smaller number of public Swedish companies. 
 
 The comparison assumes 100 was invested at the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on December 31, 2017. Each of the returns shown assumes that all dividends paid were reinvested. 

12-31-2017 
 
 12-31-2018 
 
 12-31-2019 
 
 12-31-2020 
 
 12-31-2021 
 
 12-31-2022 

Autoliv, Inc. 
 
 100 

78.45 

97.57 

107.32 

122.89 

94.13 

SP500TR 
 
 100 

95.62 

125.72 

148.85 

191.58 

156.88 

Dow Jones US Auto Parts Index 
 
 100 

68.30 

85.56 

99.27 

118.94 

86.35 

28 

The following graph and table below show the cumulative total shareholder return for our Swedish Depository Receipts SDRs since December 31, 2017. The graph compares our performance to that of the Nasdaq OMX All Share Index OMX Index and the OMX Auto Component Index OMX Auto Index ). The comparison assumes 100 Swedish Kronor was invested at the closing price of our SDRs on the OMX on December 31, 2017. Each of the returns shown assumes that all dividends paid were reinvested. This graph and table will be discontinued in the future. 

(SEK) 
 12-31-2017 
 
 12-31-2018 
 
 12-31-2019 
 
 12-31-2020 
 
 12-31-2021 
 
 12-31-2022 

Autoliv SDRs 
 
 100 

85.92 

111.65 

108.86 

136.43 

119.53 

OMX Index 
 
 100 

95.84 

128.98 

147.75 

206.01 

159.87 

OMX Auto Index 
 
 100 

77.52 

83.18 

89.35 

134.26 

82.92 

29 

Number of shares 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the number of shares outstanding, net of treasury shares, was 86.2 million, compared to 87.5 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 During 2022, the weighted average number of shares outstanding (excluding dilution and treasury shares) decreased to 87.1 million from 87.5 million in 2021. Assuming dilution, the weighted average number of shares outstanding for the full year 2022 decreased to 87.2 million from 87.7 million in 2021. 
 Stock options (if exercised) and granted Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) and Performance Shares (PSs) could increase the number of shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 by 0.3 million shares in the aggregate. Combined, this would add 0.4 to the number of shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022. In November 2021, the Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program that authorizes the Company to repurchase up to 1.5 billion or up to 17 million shares (whichever comes first) between January 2022 and the end of 2024. On December 15, 2022, the Board of Directors approved the retirement of 10.0 million treasury shares. On December 31, 2022, the Company had 5.0 million treasury shares. 
 Shareholders 
 Of the shares held by institutional investors, Autoliv estimates that around 47 were held by Sweden-based shareholders, around 31 by US-based shareholders and around 9 by UK-based shareholders. Most of the remaining Autoliv shares were held in Switzerland, Norway, Germany and France. 
 Dividends 
 Autoliv has a history of paying quarterly cash dividends. Declared dividends are announced in press releases and published on Autoliv s corporate website. The Board of Directors revisits dividends on a quarterly basis. There can be no assurance that the Board of Directors will declare dividends in the future. See Autoliv s corporate website for additional details regarding historical dividends. 
 Stock incentive plan 
 Autoliv employees participate in the Autoliv, Inc. 1997 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (the Stock Incentive Plan and receive Autoliv stock-based awards from time to time. Additional information regarding the securities authorized for issuance under the Stock Incentive Plan is included in Item 12 of this Annual Report. 
 Autoliv has adopted a Stock Ownership Policy for Executives requiring the Company s Chief Executive Officer (CEO) to accumulate and hold the number of Autoliv shares having a value of twice his annual base salary. For other executives, the minimum requirement is, over time, a holding equal to each executive s annual base salary. 
 Stock repurchase program 
 The following table provides information with respect to common stock repurchases by the Company during the three months period ended December 31, 2022. 

New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 

Average Price Paid per Share (USD) (2) 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (3) 

Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (3) 

October 1-31, 2022 

249,090 

80.31 

1,039,981 

15,960,019 

November 1-30, 2022 

400,591 

87.38 

1,440,572 

15,559,428 

December 1-31, 2022 

1,440,572 

15,559,428 

(1) The repurchases are being executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. For accounting purposes, shares repurchased under our stock repurchase programs are recorded based upon the settlement date of the applicable trade. 
 (2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases. 
 (3) On November 16, 2021, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program that authorizes the Company to repurchase up to 1.5 billion or up to 17 million common shares, whichever comes first, between January 2022 and the end of 2024. 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 
 30 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Important Trends 
 The discussions and analysis in this section are focused on the Company s results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Discussions of the Company's results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 can be found in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 2022. 
 Autoliv, Inc. (the Company provides automotive safety systems to the automotive industry with a broad range of product offerings, primarily passive safety systems. In the year ended December 31, 2022, a number of factors influenced the Company s results of operations, including: 
 Industry supply chain disruptions and the global semiconductor shortage limited the light vehicle production (LVP) recovery and caused high customer call-off volatility 

Raw material price increases and corresponding inflation compensation negotiations with customers 

COVID-19 pandemic 

Continued growth above LVP driven by price, higher content per vehicle, and execution of strong order book 

Order intake adding to an already strong customer base 

Strategic and structural initiatives 

Continued focus on operational excellence and quality 

2022 

2021 

YEARS ENDED DEC. 31 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT EPS) 
 Reported 1) 

change 

Reported 1) 

change 

Global light vehicle production (in thousands) 
 
 79,289 

6.9 

74,136 

3.6 

Consolidated net sales 
 
 8,842 

7.4 

8,230 

11 

Operating income 
 
 659 

(2.3) 

675 

77 

Operating margin, 
 
 7.5 

(0.7) 
 pp 
 
 8.2 

3.1 
 
 pp 

Net income attributable to controlling interest 
 
 423 

(2.8) 

435 

133 

Earnings per share 2) 
 
 4.85 

(2.2) 

4.96 

132 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 713 

(5.4) 

754 

(11) 

Return on capital employed, 
 
 17.5 

(0.7) 
 pp 
 
 18.3 

7.9 
 
 pp 

1) Reported figures impacted by costs for capacity alignments and antitrust related matters. See section Items affecting comparability and Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 2) Assuming dilution and net of treasury shares. 
 Supply Chain 
 LVP in 2022 was limited by the global semiconductor shortage and other industry supply chain disruptions. 2022 saw global LVP growth year-over-year by around 6.9 (according to S P Global January 2023). Supply chain disruptions led to low customer demand visibility and material changes to customer call-offs with short notice which negatively impacted our production efficiency and profitability in 2022. Rising raw material costs amounted to around 4.5pp in operating margin headwind in 2022, which to a large extent was offset by commercial customer recoveries. 
 The Company expects the current industry-wide supply chain disruptions to be a limiting factor for the global LVP in the first half year of 2023, while the Company expects that demand and supply will be in better balance in the second half of 2023. 
 COVID-19 
 Direct COVID-19 related costs, such as personal protective equipment, quarantine costs and similar items, were around 15 million in 2022. Governmental support in connection with furloughing, short-term work weeks, and other similar activities were around 8 million in 2022. 
 Inflation 
 The Company expects the raw material price changes in 2023 will to a large extent be reflected in price changes in the Company's products, albeit with delays of several months. The Company also expects significant cost pressure from broad based inflation relating to labor, logistics, utilities and other items. The Company continues to execute on productivity and cost reduction activities to offset this inflation, and the Company has also initiated challenging discussions with its customers on non-raw material cost inflation. The Company believes price adjustments will gradually offset the non-raw material cost inflation as the market digests these new realities, with limited positive effects in the first quarter and gradual improvement as the year progresses. 
 The war in Ukraine 
 The direct impact of the war in Ukraine on our business has been relatively limited. In 2021, sales in Russia were less than 1.0 of the Company's total sales, declining to less than 0.1 in 2022. Autoliv has one facility with fewer than 20 employees in Russia, down from close to 200 employees before the start of the war. Our operations in Russia are currently suspended. Autoliv net assets in Russia consists of USD cash items, which amount to around 8 million. Autoliv has no operations in Ukraine. 
 31 

GROWTH IMPACTED BY LIGHT VEHICLE PRODUCTION, SAFETY CONTENT PER VEHICLE, AND STRONG ORDER BOOK 
 The most important driver for Autoliv s sales is the LVP. During the past ten years, LVP has shown year-over-year growth with the exception of the years 2018-2020. Despite strong end-consumer demand for new vehicles, global LVP only grew by 6.9 in 2022 - much below the 8.9 expected by S P Global in the beginning of the year. For Europe, the LVP growth of 18 that was expected in the beginning of the year became a decline of 1 . This was mainly a result of distressed global automotive supply chains and limited semiconductor availability impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 During 2022, the Company experienced a limited improvement in global LVP in the second half of the year, compared to a relatively weaker first half of the year, indicating a somewhat improved availability of semiconductors and stability of global automotive supply chains in the second half of the year. 

Light Vehicle Production 1) 

2022 

2021 

Change 2022 vs 2021 

(000 units 

global 

(000 units 

global 

(000 units 

Americas 

15,879 

20 

14,518 

20 

1,361 

9 

North America 
 
 13,078 

16 

11,933 

16 

1,145 

10 

South America 
 
 2,801 

4 

2,585 

3 

216 

8 

Europe 

15,561 

20 

15,765 

21 

(204) 

(1) 

Asia 

45,638 

58 

41,840 

56 

3,798 

9 

China 
 
 25,229 

32 

23,290 

31 

1,939 

8 

Japan 
 
 7,290 

9 

7,307 

10 

(17) 

(0) 

South Korea 
 
 3,695 

5 

3,407 

5 

288 

8 

India 
 
 5,078 

6 

4,139 

6 

939 

23 

Other Asia 
 
 4,345 

5 

3,698 

5 

647 

17 

Other 

2,210 

2 

2,013 

3 

197 

10 

Global Total 
 
 79,289 

74,136 

5,153 

7 

1) Source: S P Global 

Chinese LVP, the world s largest automotive market, increased by 2.0 million units or by 8 from 2021 to 2022. In Europe, an important market for automotive safety systems, LVP decreased by 1 or by approximately 0.2 million light vehicles during the same period. In North America, LVP increased by 1.1 million units, or by 10 compared to 2021. 
 During 2022, Europe s share of global LVP has declined to 20 from 21 while Americas' share was unchanged at 20 and China s share increased to 32 . Japan s share declined to 9 from 10 while India's share remained at 6 . 
 Despite macro-economic uncertainties in parts of the world, we expect light vehicle markets to grow both in the short and long term, driven by pent-up end user demand and a rebuilding of new vehicle inventories. The growth is expected to take place in all regions. 
 Due to more stringent crash test rating requirements, by institutes such as Euro NCAP, increased government regulations and increasing consumer demand for more safety in emerging markets, the Company sees vehicle manufacturers installing more airbags and more advanced seatbelt systems in vehicles. This generally takes place when new models are introduced. The safety standards of vehicles are increasing in China, India, and other growth markets such as Brazil, partially due to new government regulations and crash test rating programs. For example, the Indian government has decided on a new traffic regulation that mandates more rigid crash test standards for light vehicles. This is supporting higher installation rates of airbags and more advanced seatbelts, impacting CPV positively. Commercial customer recoveries compensating for increased raw material costs also added to CPV in 2022, partly offset by negative effects from continued productivity related pricing pressure from vehicle manufacturers. The trend of increasing CPV was negatively impacted in 2022 by the unfavorable regional LVP mix development, as more than 75 of global LVP growth came from lower safety content regions such as China, India, Other Asia, and South America. This negative regional mix effect was more than offset by the overall increase in global CPV of more than 6 and the execution of the Company's strong order book, which supported an organic growth (see section Non-U.S. GAAP Performance Measures) of 6.6 percentage points above growth in global LVP. The average global safety CPV (airbags, pedestrian safety, seatbelts, and steering wheels) amounted to around 255 in 2022. 
 The more stringent crash rating requirements and consumer demand for more safety should enable the global automotive safety market to grow around 2-3 percentage points per year faster than the global LVP during the next two years. This excludes the impact from cost inflation related price increases. 
 The past years high order intake share has resulted in the Company's sales development outperforming the underlying LVP significantly in the past three years. In 2022, the Company's organic sales development outpaced global LVP by around 6.6 percentage points, due to increased safety content per vehicle and as an effect of recent years high order intake share. 
 The Company estimates that the sales to Electric Vehicles (not including PHEVs) amounted to more than 1 billion in 2022, decreasing our dependency on ICE vehicles. 
 32 

WELL BALANCED GLOBAL FOOTPRINT 
 The Company's regional sales mix continues to be balanced with 27 of sales in Europe, 33 in the Americas and 40 in Asia in 2022, compared to 28 , 31 and 41 , respectively, in 2021. In Asia, the Company's sales in the important Chinese market remained at 21 of total sales in 2022. The Company's sales in India increased to 4 of total sales in 2022 from 3 in 2021. 
 The balanced regional sales mix has been achieved through timely investments and strengthening of technical and support capabilities in growth markets. 
 ORDER INTAKE ADDING TO AN ALREADY STRONG CUSTOMER BASE 
 The Company's order intake in 2022, with high win rates for new EV platforms with both new and traditional OEMs, added to the Company's already strong base, which includes supplying products to more than 1,300 vehicle models and around 100 car brands. The order intake in 2022 supports the Company's estimate that the Company's sales market share is moving towards around 45 in the next few years. The Company estimates that its sales market share was unchanged at around 43 in 2022. The lead time from order intake to start of production is typically 1-3 years. During this period the products are engineered into the vehicle to provide the expected protection for occupants in case of a crash and to meet legal and regulatory requirements, as well as other requirements from the vehicle manufacturer. This investment in new products is the main reason for the high level of RD E expenses, net. Additionally, the Company has to build up production capacity, in the form of new lines, to meet future product launches. 
 The Company's order intake share for 2022 continued on a high level. The estimated life-time sales for all orders booked in 2022 is around 10.7 billion, almost unchanged compared to around 10.8 billion in 2021, despite currency headwinds and lower LVP outlook in 2022. The 2022 order intake included high win rates with relatively new automakers and for new EV platforms. New order intake is defined as the sales value of awards for future business, received within that year. The life time value is calculated using detailed assumptions of price and volumes over the years of production and the exchange rates prevailing at the time of receiving the order. 
 Our sales growth has outperformed the change in global LVP by around 5-7 percentage points every year in the past five years. In 2022, the outperformance was 6.6 percentage points. During 2022, growth was positively affected through recent launches of several new models, including GMC Sierra/Chevrolet Silverado, Toyota Tundra, and Toyota Yaris as well as steering wheels sales to a number of Mercedes models. 
 STRATEGIC INITIATIVES AND STRUCTURAL IMPROVEMENTS 
 2022 light vehicle market was hampered by an industry wide shortage of semi-conductors, a distressed global automotive supply chain and a raw material inflation which resulted in significant increases in cost for purchased material. In response, Autoliv management continued to implement strict cost control measures, including footprint and capacity alignments in Europe, Japan, South Korea as well as moving overhead functions to Best Cost Countries. 
 Additionally, the Company has introduced several initiatives in previous years, such as the Structural Efficiency Program 1 and 2. The first program was fully implemented in 2020 and the second program was fully implemented by 2022. 
 The provision, net of reversals, for restructuring activities in 2022 amounted to 13 million compared to 8 million in 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 31 million reserved in its balance sheet related to restructuring compared to 88 million last year. For more information, see Note 11, Restructuring, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 In addition to the structural improvements outlined above, the Company continues to implement the strategic initiatives to improve the efficiency of its value chain from end to end, not least through the Autoliv Production System and increased digitalization and automation. With several hundred projects in implementation or undergoing development, the Company has a high pace in the planning and implementation of the strategic initiatives and structural improvements. These initiatives are key drivers to the Company's medium-term targets and building the foundation to continue to create shareholder value. 
 
 33 

IMPROVED EFFICIENCIES THROUGH OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE 
 Pricing pressure is an inherent part of the automotive supplier business. Price reductions are generally higher on newer products with strong volume growth compared to older products, where both the possibilities to re-design the product to reduce costs and market growth are less. Price reductions can also depend on the business cycle and raw material price development. For the five-year period 2017-2021, the Company estimates the average reduction of product prices on existing programs to have been in the range of around 2-4 annually. In 2022, the pricing environment changed to some extent due to high raw material price and cost increases, which led to renegotiations with customers regarding commercial terms. These discussions resulted in a net positive price development, gradually implemented throughout the year. 
 A key strategy for Autoliv to be and to remain cost competitive is to reduce labor costs, through continuously implementing productivity improvement programs, optimizing the Company's production footprint, and instituting restructuring and capacity alignment activities as well as other actions to address the Company's cost structure. 
 The Company's productivity improvement target is to achieve at least 5 savings per year. To meet this target, Autoliv has developed a set of strategies to reduce costs in manufacturing: 
 Autoliv production system (APS) is based on lean manufacturing methodology which aims to continuously increase output with less resources. APS provides the target conditions and tools to achieve the delivery of goods and services at the right time, in the right amount, at the required quality and at the lowest cost possible to all the Company's customers. 

Autoliv One Product One Process (1P1P) strategy focuses on product and process standardization and reducing cost and complexity. The 1P1P strategy, combined with initiatives to reduce costs for components from external suppliers, ensures that the Company continuously optimize its supply base footprint, consolidate purchase volumes to fewer suppliers, improve productivity in the Company's supply chain, standardize components and redesign its products. 

Strategic Initiatives, including Automation, Digitalization, Supply Chain Management Effectiveness and RD E Effectiveness. 

The Company's historic experience is that the continuous improvement strategies have enabled productivity improvement at or above its target of 5 . However, this was not the case in the past three years due to the COVID-19 pandemic related decline in LVP in 2020 and the high volatility in customer call-offs in 2021 and 2022 driven by the industry wide supply chain instability, especially for semiconductors. 
 The Company foresees opportunities for further productivity on gains from LVP recovery and increased call-off stability when supply of semiconductors eventually improves, but also from increasing use of automation in its assembly for lean manufacturing processes. Additionally, automated cells typically perform the manufacturing process with reduced variability. This results in greater control and consistency of product quality. 
 FOCUS ON QUALITY 
 The number of vehicle recalls in the automotive industry continues on a relatively high level. The Company expects overall recall numbers to remain high for years to come and, although the Company strives for the highest quality in its processes, it cannot be ruled out that the Company may also be adversely impacted by a future recall. 
 Quality has been and always will be the Company's number one priority, and the Company continues to sharpen its focus in this area. The Company now holds a global market share in passive safety of around 43 , while the Company has been involved in less than 2 of recalls in the industry in the past ten years. This indicates that the Company is delivering on its quality strategy. For more information see product warranty and recalls in Note 12, Product Related Liabilities, to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 CHANGES IN COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE 
 During the past eight years, Autoliv experienced significant changes in its competitive landscape. In 2015, TRW, a key competitor in passive safety, was acquired by German group ZF Friedrichshafen. In 2016, Key Safety Systems KSS was acquired by Ningbo Joyson Electronic Corp. Beginning in 2014, Takata, Autoliv's largest competitor at the time, experienced severe issues and recalls related to malfunctioning airbag inflators, leading the company to file for bankruptcy protection in the U.S. and Japan. In 2018, Joyson substantially acquired all of Takata's global assets and operations and combined it with KSS, forming the new company JSS. 
 34 

CAPITAL STRUCTURE 
 The Company s net debt stood at 1,184 million on December 31, 2022. This was an increase of 132 million compared to December 31, 2021. Total interest-bearing debt at December 31, 2022 amounted to 1,766 million, a decrease of 242 million compared to December 31, 2021. 
 Cash flow from operations was 713 million in 2022 and 754 million in 2021. Capital expenditures, net amounted to 485 million in 2022 and 454 million in 2021. During 2022 and 2021 the Company paid dividends of 224 million and 165 million, respectively. 
 It is the Company s policy to maintain a financial leverage commensurate with a strong investment grade credit rating . The long-term target is to have a leverage ratio (see section Non-U.S. GAAP Performance Measures) of around 1.0x and to be within the range of 0.5x to 1.5x. At December 31, 2022, the current leverage ratio is 1.4x. The Company monitors its capital structure and the financial markets closely and intends to maintain a high level of financial flexibility while being shareholder friendly. 
 As part of the adjustment of the capital structure, the Company historically has repurchased shares of its common stock. During 2022, the Company repurchased and retired 1.44 million shares, under the stock repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors in November 2021. This stock repurchase program authorizes the Company to repurchase up to 1.5 billion or up to 17 million shares (whichever comes first) between January 2022 and the end of 2024. In addition, in 2022, the Company retired 10 million shares of common stock that has been held in treasury. These shares were acquired between 2008 and 2014 under the prior stock repurchase program. After the retirement, the Company continues to hold around 5 million shares of common stock in treasury. 
 
 Outlook for 2023 
 The Company's outlook indications for 2023 are mainly based on our customer call-offs, a full year 2023 global LVP growth of around 3 , that we achieve our targeted cost compensation effects and that customer call-off volatility is reduced. 

Financial measure 
 
 Full year indication 

Organic sales growth 
 
 Around 15 

Foreign exchange impact on net sales 
 
 Around 1 negative 

Adjusted operating margin 1) 
 
 Around 8.5-9 

Tax rate 2) 
 
 Around 32 

Operating cash flow 3) 
 
 Around 900 million 

Capital expenditures, net of sales 
 
 Around 6 

1) Excluding costs for capacity alignments, anti-trust related matters and other discrete items. 
 2) Excluding unusual tax items. 
 3) Excluding unusual items. 
 The forward-looking non-U.S. GAAP financial measures above are provided on a non-U.S. GAAP basis. Autoliv has not provided a U.S. GAAP reconciliation of these measures because items that impact these measures, such as costs related to capacity alignments and antitrust matters, cannot be reasonably predicted or determined. As a result, such reconciliation is not available without unreasonable efforts and Autoliv is unable to determine the probable significance of the unavailable information. 
 Significant Legal Matters 
 See Item 3. Legal Proceedings and Note 17 Contingent Liabilities to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report. 
 
 35 

results of operations 
 Consolidated net sales in 2022 increased by 7.4 compared to 2021. Excluding negative currency translation effects of 6.1 , the organic sales increased (Non-U.S. GAAP measure, see reconciliation table below) by 14.0 . 
 Sales by Product 

Components of Change in Net Sales 

2022 

2021 

Reported change 

Currency effects 1) 

Organic 

Airbags, Steering Wheels and Other 2) 

5,807 

5,380 

7.9 

(5.9) 

14.0 

Seatbelt products 2) 

3,035 

2,850 

6.5 

(6.4) 

13.0 

Total 

8,842 

8,230 

7.4 

(6.1) 

14.0 

1) Effects from currency translations. 
 2) Including Corporate and Other sales. 
 The largest contributor to the organic growth within Airbags, Steering Wheels and Other were inflatable curtains and steering wheels, followed by passenger airbags and side airbags. 
 The main contributors to the organic growth were Europe and Americas, followed by Asia excluding China, and China. 
 Sales by Region 

Components of Change in Net Sales 

2022 

2021 

Reported change 

Currency effects 1) 

Organic 

Asia 

3,521 

3,407 

3.3 

(7.9) 

11 

Whereof: China 

1,883 

1,766 

6.6 

(4.4) 

11 

Japan 

686 

733 

(6.4) 

(16) 

9.2 

Rest of Asia 

952 

908 

4.8 

(8.6) 

13 

Americas 

2,967 

2,535 

17 

0.5 

17 

Europe 

2,355 

2,289 

2.9 

(11) 

13 

Global 

8,842 

8,230 

7.4 

(6.1) 

14 

1) Effects from currency translations. 
 Autoliv s global sales increased organically (Non-U.S. GAAP measure, see reconciliation table above) by 14.0 compared to 2021, which was 6.6 percentage points better than global LVP (according to S P Global, January 2023). Sales increased organically in all regions. The 6.6pp outperformance was driven by price increases and new product launches, partly offset by negative geographical mix effects. Autoliv outperformed LVP by around 15pp in Europe, by around 9pp in Japan, by around 7pp in Americas and by around 3pp in China, while we underperformed LVP by around 3pp in rest of Asia. 

2022 Organic growth1) 
 
 Americas 
 
 Europe 
 
 China 
 
 Japan 
 
 Rest of Asia 
 
 Global 

Autoliv 
 
 17 
 
 13 
 
 11 
 
 9.2 
 
 13 
 
 14 

Main growth drivers 
 
 GM, Ford, Stellantis 
 
 VW, Stellantis, Toyota 
 
 Toyota, Geely, BYD 
 
 Subaru, Mitsubishi, Nissan 
 
 Tata, Suzuki, Hyundai 
 
 Stellantis, Toyota, Ford 

Main decline drivers 
 
 Nissan 
 
 Nissan, Mitsubishi, Volvo 
 
 Great Wall, Hyundai, Mazda 
 
 n/a 
 
 Nissan, Mitsubishi 
 
 Great Wall, Nissan 

1) Non-U.S. GAAP Measure 

36 

Condensed Statement of Income 

Years ended December 31 

(Dollars in millions, except per share data) 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Net Sales 
 
 8,842 

8,230 

7.4 

Gross profit 
 
 1,396 

1,511 

(7.6) 

of sales 
 
 15.8 

18.4 

(2.6)pp 

S,G A 
 
 (437) 

(432) 

1.2 

of sales 
 
 (4.9) 

(5.2) 

0.3 
 pp 

R,D E net 
 
 (390) 

(391) 

(0.1) 

of sales 
 
 (4.4) 

(4.7) 

0.3 
 pp 

Other income (expense), net 
 
 93 

(3) 
 
 n/a 

Operating income 
 
 659 

675 

(2.3) 

of sales 
 
 7.5 

8.2 

(0.7)pp 

Adjusted operating income 3) 
 
 598 

683 

(12) 

of sales 
 
 6.8 

8.3 

(1.5)pp 

Financial and non-operating items, net 
 
 (56) 

(61) 

(7.9) 

Income before taxes 
 
 603 

614 

(1.8) 

Tax rate 
 
 29.5 

28.9 

0.7 
 pp 

Net income 
 
 425 

437 

(2.7) 

Earnings per share, diluted 1, 2) 
 
 4.85 

4.96 

(2.2) 

Adjusted earnings per share, diluted 1, 2), 3) 
 
 4.40 

5.02 

(12) 

1) Assuming dilution and net of treasury shares. 
 2) Participating share awards with right to receive dividend equivalents are (under the two-class method) excluded from the EPS calculation. 
 3) Non-U.S. GAAP Measure. 
 Gross Profit 
 In 2022, Gross profit decreased by 115 million and the gross margin decreased by 2.6 pp compared to 2021. The gross profit decrease was primarily driven by adverse effects from higher costs for raw material and premium freight and adverse currency translation effects, partly offset by price increases. 
 Operating Income 
 Operating income decreased in 2022 by 16 million, mainly as a consequence of lower gross profit, partly offset by improved Other income (expense). 
 Selling, General and Administrative (S,G A) expenses increased in 2022 by 5 million, or by 1.2 , mainly relating to investments in personnel and IT and improvement projects, partly offset by positive currency translation effects. 
 Research, Development Engineering (R,D E) expenses, net decreased in 2022 by 1 million, or by 0.1 . In relation to sales, R,D E costs declined from 4.7 to 4.4 . 
 Other income (expense), net decreased by 96 million in 2022 compared to the previous year, mainly due to around 80 million gain from the sale of a property in Japan and around 20 million from a patent litigation settlement partly offset by around 10 million in capacity alignment provision for the closure of a plant in South Korea. 
 F inancial and Non-operating Items, net 
 Financial and non-operating items, net, costs increased by 5 million in 2022 compared to previous year, mainly due to lower interest net and improved other non-operating items, net. 
 Income Taxes 
 The tax rate for 2022 was 29.5 , compared to 28.9 in 2021, mainly due to unfavorable country mix. In addition, discrete tax items, net, decreased the tax rate this year by 2.5pp. Discrete tax items, net increased the tax rate last year by 0.6pp. 
 Net Income and Earnings Per Share 
 Net income in 2022 decreased by 12 million compared to 2021. 
 Earnings per share, diluted decreased by 0.11 compared to a year earlier, where the main driver was 0.19 from lower operating income, partly mitigated by 0.04 from financial items. 
 The weighted average number of shares outstanding assuming dilution in 2022 was 87.2 million compared to 87.7 million in 2021. 
 37 

Non-U.S. GAAP Performance Measures 
 In this annual report, the Company sometimes refers to non-U.S. GAAP measures that the Company and securities analysts use in measuring Autoliv s performance. 
 The Company believes that these measures assist management and investors in analyzing trends in the Company s business for the reasons given below. Investors should not consider these non-U.S. GAAP measures as substitutes for, but rather as additions to, financial reporting measures prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 These non-U.S. GAAP measures have been identified, as applicable, in each section of this annual report with tabular presentations provided below, reconciling them to U.S. GAAP. 
 It should be noted that these measures, as defined, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 Organic Sales 
 The Company analyzes its sales trends and performance as changes in organic sales growth or organic sales decline , because the Company currently generates approximately three quarters of net sales in currencies other than the reporting currency (i.e. U.S. dollars) and currency rates have proven to be rather volatile. Organic sales present the increase or decrease in the overall U.S. dollar net sales on a comparable basis, allowing separate discussions of the impact of acquisitions/divestitures and exchange rates. 
 See tabular reconciliations above, that present changes in organic sales growth as reconciled to the change in total U.S. GAAP net sales. 
 Trade working capital 
 Due to the need to optimize cash generation to create value for the Company's shareholders, management focuses on operationally derived trade working capital as defined in the table below. 
 The reconciling items used to derive this measure are, by contrast, managed as part of the Company's overall management of cash and debt, but they are not part of the responsibilities of day-to-day operations management. 
 Reconciliation of U.S. GAAP measure to Trade working capital (dollars in millions) 

DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

Receivables, net 

1,907 

1,699 

Inventories, net 

969 

777 

Accounts payable 

(1,693) 

(1,144) 

Trade working capital 

1,183 

1,332 

Net debt 
 As part of efficiently managing the Company s overall cost of funds, the Company routinely enter into debt-related derivatives (DRD) as part of its debt management. 
 Creditors and credit rating agencies use net debt adjusted for DRD in their analyses of the Company s debt and therefore the Company provides this non-U.S. GAAP measure. See reconciliation table below. DRD are fair value adjustments to the carrying value of the underlying debt. Also included in the DRD is the unamortized fair value adjustment related to discontinued fair value hedges, which will be amortized over the remaining life of the debt. By adjusting for DRD, the total financial liability of net debt is disclosed without grossing debt up with currency or interest fair values. 
 Reconciliation of U.S. GAAP measure to Net debt (dollars in millions) 

DECEMBER 31 
 
 2022 

2021 

Short-term debt 

711 

346 

Long-term debt 

1,054 

1,662 

Total debt 

1,766 

2,008 

Cash and cash equivalents 

(594) 

(969) 

Debt issuance cost/Debt-related derivatives, net 

12 

13 

Net debt 

1,184 

1,052 

38 

Adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin and adjusted EPS 
 Adjusted operating margin and adjusted EPS are non-U.S. GAAP measures the Company uses to evaluate its business, because the Company believes it assists investors and analysts in comparing the Company's performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that are non-operational or non-recurring in nature (such as costs related to capacity alignments, costs related to antitrust matters and for EPS unusual tax items) and that the Company does not believe are indicative of its core operating performance and underlying business trends. Adjusted operating margin and adjusted EPS, as shown in the table below, should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP, including operating margin and EPS. 

Items affecting comparability 

2022 

2021 

(DOLLARS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT EPS) 
 
 Reported 

Adjust- ments 1) 

Non- U.S. GAAP 

Reported 

Adjust- ments 1) 

Non- U.S. GAAP 

Operating income 

659 

(61) 

598 

675 

8 

683 

Operating margin, 

7.5 

(0.7) 

6.8 

8.2 

0.1 

8.3 

Income before income taxes 

603 

(61) 

542 

614 

8 

622 

Net income attributable to controlling interest 

423 

(39) 

384 

435 

5 

440 

Capital employed 

3,810 

(39) 

3,771 

3,700 

5 

3,705 

Return on capital employed, 2) 

17.5 

(1.5) 

16.0 

18.3 

0.2 

18.5 

Return on total equity, 3) 

16.3 

(1.3) 

15.0 

17.1 

0.2 

17.3 

Earnings per share, diluted 4, 5) 

4.85 

(0.45) 

4.40 

4.96 

0.06 

5.02 

1) Represents costs for capacity alignments and antitrust related matters. See table below for a disaggregation of these costs. 
 2) Operating income and income from equity method investments, relative to average capital employed. 
 3) Net Income relative to average total equity for the year. 
 4) Assuming dilution and net of treasury shares. 
 5) Participating share awards with right to receive dividend equivalents are (under the two-class method) excluded from the EPS calculation. 

Items included in Non-U.S. GAAP adjustments 

2022 

2021 

Adjustment Millions 

Adjustment Per share 

Adjustment Millions 

Adjustment Per share 

Capacity alignment 

(61) 

(0.70) 

8 

0.10 

Total adjustments to Operating income 

(61) 

(0.70) 

8 

0.10 

Tax on Non-U.S. GAAP adjustments 1) 

22 

0.25 

(3) 

(0.04) 

Total adjustments to Net Income 

(39) 

(0.45) 

5 

0.06 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding - diluted 2) 

87.2 

87.7 

Adjustment Return on capital employed 

(61) 

8 

Adjustment Return on capital employed, 

(1.5) 

0.2 

Adjustment Return on total equity 

(39) 

5 

Adjustment Return on total equity, 

(1.3) 

0.2 

1) The tax is calculated based on the tax laws in the respective jurisdiction(s) of the adjustment(s). 
 2) Annualized average number of outstanding shares. 
 39 

Liquidity, Capital Resources, and Financial Position 

Years ended December 31 

(DOLLARS IN MILLIONS) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

713 

754 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(485) 

(454) 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(531) 

(469) 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

(73) 

(39) 

Decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

(375) 

(209) 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

969 

1,178 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

594 

969 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 Cash flow from operations, together with available financial resources and credit facilities, are expected to be sufficient to fund the Company s anticipated working capital requirements, capital expenditures and future dividend payments. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 713 million in 2022 compared to 754 million in 2021. The decrease of 41 million was mainly due to lower net income excluding the gain on property divestiture, lower depreciation and amortization and adverse effects from changes in deferred income taxes partly offset by positive working capital effects. 
 At December 31, 2022, trade working capital (see section Non-U.S. GAAP Performance Measures above) amounted to 1,183 million corresponding to 13 of net sales compared to 1,332 million and 16 at December 31, 2021. 
 Receivables outstanding in relation to sales (see Glossary and Definitions for definition) were 20 at December 31, 2022, compared to 20 at December 31, 2021. Factoring agreements did not have any material impact on receivables outstanding for 2022 or 2021. 
 Inventory in relation to sales (see Glossary and Definitions for definition) was 10 at December 31, 2022, compared to 9 at December 31, 2021. 
 Payables outstanding in relation to sales (see Glossary and Definitions for definition) were 18 at December 31, 2022 compared to 14 at December 31, 2021. 
 NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 In 2022 and 2021, net cash used in investing activities amounted to 485 million and 454 million, respectively. The Company's investing activities primarily consist of investments in property, plant and equipment. Net cash generated by operating activities continued to sufficiently cover capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment. 
 The net increase of 31 million compared to previous year was mainly due to increased investments of 126 million, mainly related to footprint and capacity expansions, partly offset by 95 million in proceeds from the sale of property in Japan. In relation to net sales, capital expenditures, net was unchanged at 5.5 . 
 Depreciation and amortization totaled 363 million in 2022 compared to 394 million in 2021. 
 During the years 2022 and 2021, a majority of the Company's investments were for production capacity to support new product launches and automation projects for improved efficiency. Major investments were mainly made in China, Europe, and North America. 
 NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 Net cash used in financing activities amounted to (531) million and (469) million for the years 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 In 2022, the Company paid dividends of 224 million. In 2021, the Company paid dividends of 165 million after reinstating the dividends in the second quarter of 2021. 
 INCOME TAXES 
 The Company has reserves for taxes that may become payable in future periods as a result of tax audits. At any given time, the Company is undergoing tax audits covering multiple years in several tax jurisdictions. Ultimate outcomes are uncertain but could, in future periods, have a significant impact on the Company s cash flows. See discussions of income taxes under Significant Accounting Policies in this section, Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 5, Income Taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 40 

PENSION ARRANGEMENTS 
 The Company has defined benefit pension plans covering nearly half of the U.S. employees. As of December 31, 2021, the main U.S defined benefit plan was frozen for further benefits. Many of the Company s non-U.S. employees are also covered by pension arrangements. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company s net pension liability (i.e. the actual funded status) for its U.S. and non-U.S. plans was 154 million compared to 197 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease in the total net pension liability in 2022 of 43 million was mainly due to the increase in discount rates, partly offset by lower performance than expected of the plan assets. 
 The plans had a net unamortized actuarial loss before tax of 44 million recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022, compared to 68 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease in the actuarial loss was mainly due to settlement and curtailment gains in the non-U.S. plans during 2022. The amortization of the loss is expected to be 1 million in 2023. 
 Pension expense associated with the defined benefit plans was 11 million in 2022 and 24 million in 2021, and is expected to be 19 million in 2023. The 13 million decrease in 2022 pension expense was mainly due to the benefit freeze of the U.S. plan and settlement and curtailment gains in the non-U.S. plans. 
 The Company contributed 22 million to its defined benefit plans in 2022 and 25 million in 2021. The Company expects to contribute 9 million to these plans in 2023 and is currently projecting a yearly funding at approximately the same level in the subsequent years. 
 For further information about retirement plans see Note 18, Retirement Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 SHAREHOLDER RETURNS 
 In 2022, the Company paid cash dividends of 224 million. The Company paid 165 million in dividends in 2021, after reinstating the dividend in the second quarter of 2021. 
 
 The Company repurchased shares to an amount of 115 million in 2022. 
 EQUITY 
 During 2022, total equity decreased by 22 million to 2,626 million as of December 31, 2022. The change was mainly due to dividends paid of 224 million, share repurchases of 115 million and negative foreign exchange effects of 136 million, partly offset by 425 million from net income. 
 TREASURY ACTIVITES 
 DEBT AND CREDIT ARRANGEMENTS 
 The Company's total debt as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 1,766 million and 2,008 million, respectively. The Company had a net debt position (see section Non-U.S. GAAP Performance Measures) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 of 1,184 million and 1,052 million, respectively. 
 In May 2022, the Company refinanced its existing revolving credit facility (RCF) of 1,100 million. The facility, syndicated among 11 banks, matures in May 2027 and has two extension options, each for an additional year. The Company pays a commitment fee on the undrawn amount of 0.15 , representing 35 of the applicable margin, which is 0.425 (given the Company s rating of BBB from S P Global Ratings). Borrowings under the facility are unsecured. As of December 31, 2022, the facility was not utilized. 
 In June 2020, the Company utilized its SEK 3,000 million facility with Swedish Export Credit Corporation which was signed in May 2020. The SEK 3,000 million loan mature in 2025 carrying a floating interest rate of 3M STIBOR +1.85 . 
 In June 2018, the Company priced and issued 5-year notes for a total of 500 million in the Eurobond market. The notes carry a coupon of 0.75 and matures in 2023. 
 In 2014, the Company issued and sold long-term debt securities in a U.S. Private Placement pursuant to a Note Purchase and Guaranty Agreement dated April 23, 2014, by and among Autoliv ASP Inc., the Company and the purchasers listed therein. As of December 31, 2022, 767 million remains outstanding from the 2014 issuance. 
 The Company has a 3,000 million Euro Medium Term Note Program in place for being able to issue notes to be traded on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. On December 31, 2022, no notes had been issued under this program. 
 At December 31, 2022, Autoliv s long-term credit rating from S P Global Ratings was BBB with stable outlook. The Company aims to maintain a strong investment grade credit rating. 
 For additional information about the Company's debt and credit arrangements, see Note 13, Debt and Credit Agreements, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 41 

FACTORING 
 During 2022 and 2021, the Company sold receivables and discounted notes related to selected customers. These factoring arrangements increase cash while reducing accounts receivable and customer risks. At December 31, 2022, the Company had received 174 million for sold receivables without recourse and discounted notes with a discount cost of 2 million during the year, compared to 159 million at December 31, 2021 with a discount cost of 2 million recorded in Other non-operating items, net. 
 NUMBER OF SHARES 
 At December 31, 2022, 86.2 million shares were outstanding (net of 5.0 million treasury shares), a 1.5 decrease from 87.5 million one year earlier. 
 The number of shares outstanding is expected to increase by 0.3 million when all Restricted Stock Units (RSU) and Performance Shares (PSs) vest and if all stock options (SOs) to key employees are exercised, see Note 16, Stock Incentive Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 In 2022, the Company retired 10 million shares of common stock that had been repurchased under a prior stock repurchase program and since held in treasury. These shares were acquired between 2008 and 2014. During 2022, Autoliv repurchased and retired 1.44 million shares, equal to 115 million, under the current stock repurchase program authorized by the Board to repurchase up to 1.5 billion, or 17 million common shares (whichever comes first), between January 2022 and the end of 2024. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Contractual obligations include debt, sponsored defined benefit plans, lease and purchase obligations that are enforceable and legally binding on the Company. 
 For material contractual debt obligations as of December 31, 2022, see Note 13, Debt and Credit Agreements, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 Operating lease obligations represent the payment obligations (undiscounted cash flows) under leases classified as operating leases. Capital lease obligations are not material. See Note 3, Leases, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 There are no unconditional purchase obligations other than short-term obligations related to inventory, services, tooling, and property, plant and equipment purchased in the ordinary course of business. Purchase agreements with suppliers entered into in the ordinary course of business do not generally include fixed quantities. Quantities and delivery dates are established in call off plans accessible electronically for all customers and suppliers involved. Communicated call off plans for production material from suppliers are normally reflected in equivalent commitments from Autoliv customers. 
 The Company sponsors defined benefit plans that cover a significant portion of the Company's U.S. employees and certain non-U.S. employees. The pension plans in the U.S. are funded in conformity with the minimum funding requirements of the Pension Protection Act of 2006. Funding for the Company's pension plans in other countries is based upon plan provisions, actuarial recommendations and/or statutory requirements. Due to volatility associated with future changes in interest rates and plan asset returns, the Company cannot predict with reasonable reliability the timing and amounts of future funding requirements. The Company may elect to make contributions in excess of the minimum funding requirements for the U.S. plans in response to investment performance and changes in interest rates, or when the Company believes that it is financially advantageous to do so and based on other capital requirements. See Note 18, Retirement Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 Risks and Risk Management 
 The Company is exposed to several categories of risks. They can broadly be categorized as operational risks, strategic risks and financial risks. Some of the major risks in each category are described below. There are also other risks that could have a material effect on the Company s results and financial position, and the description below is not complete but should be read in conjunction with the discussion of risks described in Item 1A above, which contains a description of the Company's material risks. 
 As described below, the Company has taken several mitigating actions, applied numerous strategies, adopted policies, and introduced control and reporting systems to reduce and mitigate these risks. In addition, the Company from time to time identifies and evaluates emerging or changing risks to the Company in order to ensure that identified risks and related risk management are updated in this fast-moving environment. 
 42 

Operational Risks 
 LIGHT VEHICLE PRODUCTION 
 Around 30 of Autoliv s costs are fixed; therefore, short-term earnings are dependent on sales volumes and highly dependent on capacity utilization in the Company s plants. 
 Global LVP is an indicator of the Company s sales development. Ultimately, however, sales are determined by the production levels for the individual vehicle models for which Autoliv is a supplier (see Dependence on Customers). The Company s sales are split over several hundred contracts covering more than 1,300 vehicle models. This moderates the effect of changes in vehicle demand of individual countries and regions as well as production issues. The risk of fluctuating sales has also been mitigated by Autoliv s rapid expansion in Asia and other growth markets, which has reduced the Company s former high dependence on sales in Europe to a diversified mix with Europe, the Americas and Asia each accounting for roughly 27 , 33 and 40 , respectively, of the Company's 2022 total sales. 
 It is the Company s strategy to reduce the risks associated with fluctuating LVP by using temporary personnel in direct production, when appropriate. During 2022 and 2021, the level of temporary personnel in relation to total personnel in direct production was 13 and 9 , respectively. To reduce the potential impact of unusual fluctuations in the production of vehicle models supplied by the Company such as during the financial crisis in 2008-2009 and the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020-2021 it is also necessary for the Company to be prepared to quickly adapt the level of permanent employees as well as fixed cost production capacity. 
 PRICING PRESSURE 
 Pricing pressure from customers is an inherent part of the automotive components business. The historical extent of price reductions varies from year to year and takes the form of one time give backs, reductions in direct sales prices and/or discounted reimbursements for engineering work. 
 In response, Autoliv is continuously engaged in efforts to reduce costs and to provide customers added value by developing new products. Generally, the speed by which these cost-reduction programs generate results will, to a large extent, determine the future profitability of the Company. The various cost-reduction programs are, to a considerable extent, interrelated. This interrelationship makes it difficult to isolate the impact of costs on any single program, therefore, the Company monitors key measures such as costs in relation to sales and productivity. 
 In 2022, due to unprecedented raw material price increases the Company engaged in extensive negotiations with its customers regarding price compensation and an increased element of tying pricing to raw material prices. 
 COMPONENT COSTS AND RAW MATERIAL PRICES 
 The cost of direct materials was approximately 52 of sales in 2022. 
 The main raw materials being used as input material for the Company's operations are steel, textiles, plastic and non-ferrous metals. 
 The Company still sees effects coming from import tariffs and trade barriers across borders. These barriers are impacting the raw material market and creating pricing and availability uncertainties. 
 Inflation was significant across raw materials and services in 2022. The Company took action including pricing discussions with customers and suppliers, competitive sourcing and exploring alternative materials. 
 LEGAL 
 The Company is involved from time to time in regulatory, commercial, and contractual legal proceedings that may be significant, and the Company s business may suffer as a result of adverse outcomes of current or future legal proceedings. These claims may include, without limitation, commercial or contractual disputes, including disputes with the Company s suppliers and customers, intellectual property matters, alleged violations of laws, rules or regulations, governmental investigations, personal injury claims, product liability claims, environmental issues, tax and customs matters, and employment matters. 
 A substantial legal liability or adverse regulatory outcome and the substantial cost to defend the litigation or regulatory proceedings may have an adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results, financial condition, cash flows and reputation. 
 No assurances can be given that such proceedings and claims will not have a material adverse impact on the Company s profitability and consolidated financial position, or that reserves or insurance will mitigate such impact. See Note 17, Contingent Liabilities, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein and Item 3 Legal Proceedings. 
 43 

PRODUCT WARRANTY AND RECALLS 
 If our products are alleged to fail to perform as expected or are defective, the Company may be exposed to various claims for damages and compensation. Such claims may result in costs and other losses to the Company even where the relevant product is eventually found to have functioned properly. If a product (actually or allegedly) fails to perform as expected or is defective, we may face warranty and recall claims. If such actual or alleged failure or defect results, or is alleged to result, in bodily injury and/or property damage, we may also face product liability and other claims. The Company may experience material warranty, recall, product or other liability claims or losses in the future, and the Company may incur significant cost to defend against such claims. The Company may be required to participate in a recall involving its products. Each vehicle manufacturer has its own practices regarding product recalls and other product liability actions relating to its suppliers. Government safety regulators also have policies and practices with respect to recalls. As suppliers become more integrally involved in the vehicle design process and assume more of the vehicle assembly functions, vehicle manufacturers are increasingly looking to their suppliers for contribution when faced with recalls and product liability claims. In addition, with global platforms and procedures, vehicle manufacturers are increasingly evaluating our quality performance on a global basis. Any one or more quality, warranty or other recall issue(s), including the ones affecting few units and/or having a small financial impact, may cause a vehicle manufacturer to implement measures which may have a severe impact on the Company s operations, such as a temporary or prolonged suspension of new orders or the Company s ability to bid for new business. 
 In addition, over time, there is a risk that the number of vehicles affected by a failure or defect will increase significantly (as would the Company s costs), since our products often use global designs and are increasingly based on or utilize the same or similar parts, components, or solutions. 
 Although quality has always been a central focus in the automotive industry, especially for safety products, our customers and regulators have become increasingly attentive to quality with even less tolerance for any deviations, which has resulted in an increase in the number of automotive recalls. This trend is likely to continue as automobile manufacturers introduce even stricter quality requirements and regulating agencies and other authorities increase the level of scrutiny given to vehicle safety issues. A warranty recall or a product liability claim brought against the Company in excess of the Company s insurance may have a material adverse effect on its business and/or financial results. Vehicle manufacturers are also increasingly requiring their external suppliers to guarantee or warrant their products and bear the costs of repair and replacement of such products under new vehicle warranties. A vehicle manufacturer may attempt to hold the Company responsible for some or all of the repair or replacement costs of defective products under new vehicle warranties when the product supplied did not perform as represented. Additionally, a customer may not allow us to bid for expiring or new business until certain remedial steps have been taken. Accordingly, the future costs of warranty claims by the Company s customers may be material. 
 The Company s warranty reserves are based upon management s best estimates of amounts necessary to settle future and existing claims. Management regularly evaluates the appropriateness of these reserves and adjusts them when we believe it is appropriate to do so. However, the final amounts determined to be due could differ materially from the Company s recorded estimates. We believe our established reserves are adequate to cover potential warranty settlements typically seen in our business. 
 The Company s strategy is to follow a stringent procedure when developing new products and technologies and to apply a proactive zero-defect quality policy (see section Quality Management). In addition, the Company maintains a program of insurance, which may include commercial insurance, self-insurance, or a combination of both approaches, for potential recall and product liability claims in amounts and on terms that it believes are reasonable and prudent based on our prior claims experience. However, such insurance may not be sufficient to cover every possible claim that can arise in the Company s businesses, now or in the future, or may not always will be available should the Company, now or in the future, wish to extend, renew, increase or otherwise adjust such insurance. In recent years, the cost of recall and product liability insurance as well as the Company s level of self-insurance and deductibles has increased. Management s decision regarding what insurance to procure is also impacted by the cost for such insurance. As a result, the Company may face material losses in excess of the insurance coverage procured. A substantial recall or liability in excess of coverage levels could therefore have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 ENVIRONMENTAL 
 Most of the Company s manufacturing processes consist of the assembly of components. As a result, the environmental impact from the Company s plants is generally modest. While the Company s businesses from time to time are subject to environmental investigations, there are no material environmental-related cases pending against the Company. Therefore, Autoliv does not incur (or expect to incur) any material costs or capital expenditures associated with maintaining facilities compliant with U.S. or non-U.S. environmental requirements. To reduce environmental risk, the Company has implemented an environmental management system in all plants globally and has adopted an environmental policy (see corporate website www.autoliv.com). 
 Autoliv is subject to a number of environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations. Such requirements are complex and are generally becoming more stringent over time. There can be no assurance that these requirements will not change in the future, or that the Company will at all times be in compliance with all such requirements and regulations, despite its intention to be. The Company may also find itself subject, possibly due to changes in legislation or other regulation, to environmental liabilities based on the activities of its predecessor entities or of businesses acquired. Such liability could be based on activities which are not related to the Company s current activities. 
 TRADE 
 Autoliv is subject to various international trade regulations and regimes and changes in these regimes could lead to increased compliance costs and costs of raw materials and other components. In addition, political conditions leading to trade conflicts and the imposition of tariffs or other trade barriers between countries in which the Company does business could increase its costs of doing business. 
 44 

Strategic Risks 
 REGULATIONS 
 In addition to vehicle production, the Company s market is driven by the safety content per vehicle, which is affected by new regulations and new vehicle rating programs, in addition to consumer demand for new safety technologies. 
 The most important regulations are the seatbelt installation laws that exist in all vehicle-producing countries. Many countries also have strict enforcement laws on the wearing of seatbelts. Another significant vehicle safety regulation is the U.S. federal law that, since 1997, requires frontal airbags for both the driver and the front-seat passenger in all new vehicles sold in the U.S. 
 In 2007, the U.S. adopted new regulations for head impact and enhanced thorax protection in side impact crashes, which now have been fully phased-in. China introduced a vehicle rating program in 2006 and during the past 16 years this China NCAP, together with the additional Chinese rating program, CIASI, from 2017, drive Chinese vehicle safety performance and safety content with regards to crashworthiness and occupant protection. Latin America introduced a basic rating program in 2010 followed by ASEAN NCAP in Southeast Asia in 2011, and Global NCAP is rating vehicles sold in significant emerging markets. Several countries, e.g., Malaysia and Thailand, are increasingly adopting the UN Regulations regarding vehicle safety under the UN 1958 agreement, and Malaysia started a world first motorcycle safety rating program in 2021. 
 The United States upgraded its vehicle rating program, US NCAP, in 2010, which now is in the process of being updated by the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. Europe upgraded the Euro NCAP rating system during 2018, and is now completing a new upgrade, intended to be fully implemented by 2025. Japan and South Korea are continuously upgrading their respective vehicle rating programs, JNCAP and KNCAP respectively. India requires frontal airbags for the driver from July 2019, and passenger airbags from 2021 for all new passenger vehicles (M1), moreover has announced that side airbags shall become mandatory in 2023. In addition, India has announced that its Bharat NCAP shall start in 2023. 
 Vehicles with automated driving systems (ADS) are expected to provide additional opportunities through integration of protective safety systems with ADAS technologies, as well as new vehicle interior layouts and seating configurations. This development is likely to become subject to legal requirements. 
 There are also other plans for improved automotive safety through new or changed regulations, both in these countries and others that could affect the Company s market. However, there can be no assurance that changes in regulations will not adversely affect the demand for the Company s products or, at least, result in a slower increase in the demand for them. 
 DEPENDENCE ON CUSTOMERS 
 As a result of this highly consolidated market, the Company is dependent on a relatively small number of customers with strong purchasing power. In 2022, the five largest vehicle manufacturers accounted for around 48 of global LVP and the ten largest manufacturers accounted for around 70 of global LVP. In 2022, the Company s five largest customers accounted for around 49 of consolidated sales and the ten largest customers accounted for around 80 of consolidated sales. The Company's largest customer contract accounted for around 2 of consolidated sales in 2022. 

Customer 
 
 of Autoliv sales 

of Global LVP 1) 

Renault/Nissan/Mitsubishi 

11 

8 

Stellantis 

11 

7 

VW 

10 

11 

Toyota 

9 

13 

Honda 

8 

5 

Ford 

8 

4 

Hyundai 

7 

9 

General Motors 

7 

6 

Major EV maker 

5 

2 

BMW 

4 

3 

1) Source: S P Global 
 Although business with every major customer is split into at least several contracts (usually one contract per vehicle platform) and although the customer base has become more balanced and diversified as a result of the Company's significant expansion in China and other rapidly-growing markets, the loss of all business from a major customer (whether by a cancellation of existing contracts or not awarding Autoliv new business), the consolidation of one or more major customers or a bankruptcy of a major customer could have a material adverse effect on the Company. In addition, a quality issue, shortcomings in the Company's service to a customer or uncompetitive prices or products could result in the customer not awarding the Company new business, which will gradually have a negative impact on the Company's sales when current contracts start to expire. 
 See also Note 20, Segment Information, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 
 45 

CUSTOMER PAYMENT RISK 
 Another risk related to the Company's customers is the risk that one or more of its customers will be unable to pay their invoices that become due. The Company seeks to limit this customer payment risk by invoicing its major customers through their local subsidiaries in each country, even for global contracts. By invoicing this way, the Company attempts to avoid having the receivables with a multinational customer group exposed to the risk that a bankruptcy or similar event in one country would put all receivables with such customer group at risk. In each country, the Company also monitors invoices becoming overdue. 
 Even so, if a major customer is unable to fulfill its payment obligations, it is likely that the Company would be forced to record a substantial loss on such receivables. 
 DEPENDENCE ON SUPPLIERS 
 The Company relies on internal and/or external suppliers in order to meet its delivery commitments to the customers. In some cases, suppliers are dictated by the customers. The Company's supply chain organization continually reviews sourcing risks and actively works on mitigating related supply chain risks. 
 The Company s ambition is to maintain an optimal number of suppliers in all significant component technologies. 
 NEW COMPETITION 
 Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced margins and the Company's inability to gain or hold market share. OEMs rigorously evaluate suppliers on the basis of product quality, price, reliability and delivery as well as engineering capabilities, technical expertise, product innovation, financial viability, application of lean principles, operational flexibility, customer service, and overall management. To maintain the Company's competitiveness and position as a market leader, it is important to focus on all of these aspects of supplier evaluation and selection. 
 Although the market for occupant restraint systems has undergone a significant consolidation during the past ten years, the passive safety market remains very competitive. It cannot be excluded that additional competitors, both global and local, will seek to enter the market or grow beyond their current Keiretsu group or traditional customer base. Particularly in China, South Korea, and Japan there are numerous small domestic competitors often supplying just one OEM group. 
 PATENTS AND PROPRIETARY TECHNOLOGY 
 The Company s strategy is to protect its innovations with patents, and to vigorously protect and defend its patents, trademarks, and know-how against infringement and unauthorized use. At the end of 2022, the Company held more than 6,600 patents and patents applications. These patents expire on various dates during the period from 2023 to 2042. The expiration of any single patent is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial results. 
 Although the Company believes that its products and technology do not infringe upon the proprietary rights of others, there can be no assurance that third parties will not assert infringement claims against the Company in the future. Also, there can be no assurance that any patent now owned by the Company will afford protection against competitors that develop similar technology. As the Company continues to expand its products and expand into new businesses, it will increase its exposure to intellectual property claims. 
 Financial Risks 
 The Company is exposed to financial risks through its operations. To reduce the financial risks and to take advantage of economies of scale, the Company has a central treasury department supporting operations and management. The treasury department handles external financial transactions and functions as the Company s in-house bank for its subsidiaries. 
 The Board of Directors monitors compliance with the financial risk policy on an on-going basis. For information about specific financial risks, see Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 
 46 

Significant Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates 
 NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 The Company has considered all applicable recently issued accounting standards. The Company has summarized in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements each of the recently issued accounting standards and stated the impact or whether management is continuing to assess the impact. 
 APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 The Company s significant accounting policies are disclosed in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. Senior management has discussed the development and selection of critical accounting estimates and disclosures with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The application of accounting policies necessarily requires judgments and the use of estimates by a Company s management. Actual results could differ from these estimates. By their nature, these judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. These judgments are based on the Company's historical experience, terms of existing contracts, and management s evaluation of trends in the industry, information provided by the Company's customers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. The Company considers an accounting estimate to be critical if: 
 It requires management to make assumptions about matters that were uncertain at the time of the estimate, and 

Changes in the estimate or different estimates that could have been selected would have had a material impact on the Company's financial condition or results of operations. The accounting estimates that require management s most significant judgments include the estimation of variable considerations, assessment of recoverability of goodwill and intangible assets, estimation of pension benefit obligations based on actuarial assumptions, estimation of accruals for warranty and recalls, restructuring charges, uncertain tax positions, valuation allowances and legal proceedings. 

The Company has summarized its critical accounting policies requiring judgment below. These might change over time based on the current facts and circumstances. 
 REVENUE RECOGNITION 
 In accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , revenue is measured based on consideration specified in a contract with a customer, adjusted for any variable consideration (i.e. price concessions) and estimated at contract inception. The estimated amount of variable consideration that will be received by the Company are based on historical experience and trends, management s understanding of the status of negotiations with customers and anticipated future pricing strategies. The Company recognizes revenue when it satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control over a product to a customer. 
 In addition, from time to time, the Company may make payments to customers in connection with ongoing and future business. These payments to customers are generally recognized as a reduction to revenue at the time of the commitment to make these payments unless the payment concession can be clearly linked to the future business award. If the payments are capitalized, the amounts are amortized to revenue as the related goods are transferred. 
 INVENTORY RESERVES 
 Inventories are evaluated based on individual or, in some cases, groups of inventory items. Reserves are established to reduce the value of inventories to the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. Excess inventories are quantities of items that exceed anticipated sales or usage for a reasonable period. The Company has guidelines for calculating provisions for excess inventories based on the number of months of inventories on hand compared to anticipated sales or usage. Management uses its judgment to forecast sales or usage and to determine what constitutes a reasonable period. 
 There can be no assurance that the amount ultimately realized for inventories will not be materially different than that assumed in the calculation of the reserves. 
 GOODWILL 
 The Company performs an annual impairment test of goodwill in the fourth quarter of each year following the Company s annual forecasting process. As of October 2022 the Company concluded that there were no impairments of goodwill. For further information, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 47 

RECALL PROVISIONS AND WARRANTY OBLIGATIONS 
 The Company records liabilities for product recalls when probable claims are identified and when it is possible to reasonably estimate costs. Recall costs are costs incurred when the customer decides to formally recall a product due to a known or suspected safety concern. Product recall costs are estimated based on the expected cost of replacing the product and the customer s cost of carrying out the recall, which is affected by the number of vehicles subject to recall and the cost of labor and materials to remove and replace the defective product. The Company maintains a program of insurance, which may include commercial insurance, self-insurance, or a combination of both approaches, for potential recall and product liability claims in amounts and on terms that it believes are reasonable and prudent based on our prior claims experience. The Company s insurance policies generally include coverage of the costs of a recall, although costs related to replacement parts are generally not covered. Actual costs incurred could differ from the amounts estimated, requiring adjustments to these reserves in future periods. It is possible that changes in our assumptions or future product recall issues could materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Estimating warranty obligations requires the Company to forecast the resolution of existing claims and expected future claims on products sold. The Company bases the estimate on historical trends of units sold and payment amounts, combined with our current understanding of the status of existing claims and discussions with our customers. These estimates are re-evaluated on an ongoing basis. Actual warranty obligations could differ from the amounts estimated requiring adjustments to existing reserves in future periods. Due to the uncertainty and potential volatility of the factors contributing to developing these estimates, changes in our assumptions could materially affect our results of operations. 
 RESTRUCTURING PROVISIONS 
 The Company defines restructuring expense to include costs directly associated with capacity alignment programs, plus exit or disposal activities. Estimates of restructuring charges are based on information available at the time such charges are recorded. In general, management anticipates that restructuring activities will be completed within a time frame such that significant changes to the exit plan are not likely. 
 Due to inherent uncertainty involved in estimating restructuring expenses, actual amounts paid for such activities may differ from amounts initially estimated. 
 DEFINED BENEFIT PENSION PLANS 
 The Company has defined benefit pension plans in thirteen countries. The most significant plans exist in the U.S. These U.S. plans represent approximately 54 of the Company s total pension benefit obligation. See Note 18, Retirement Plans to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 The Company, in consultation with its actuarial advisors, determines certain key assumptions to be used in calculating the projected benefit obligation and annual pension expense. For the U.S. plans, the assumptions used for calculating the 2022 pension expense were a discount rate of 2.77 and an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 5.05 . 
 The assumptions used in calculating the U.S. benefit obligations disclosed as of December 31, 2022 were a discount rate of 5.41 . The discount rate for the U.S. plans has been set based on the rates of return of high-quality fixed-income investments currently available at the measurement date and are expected to be available during the period the benefits will be paid. The expected rate of long-term return on plan assets are determined based on a number of factors and must take into account long-term expectations and reflect the financial environment in the respective local markets. At December 31, 2022, 23 of the U.S. plan assets were invested in equities, which is below the target of 40 . 
 The table below illustrates the sensitivity of the U.S. net periodic benefit cost and projected U.S. benefit obligation to a 1pp change in the discount rate and decrease in return on plan assets for the U.S. plans (in millions). The use of actuarial assumptions is an area of management s estimate. 

Assumption (in millions) 
 
 Change 
 
 2022 net periodic benefit cost increase (decrease) 

2022 projected benefit obligation increase (decrease) 

Discount rate 
 
 1pp increase 

2 

(18) 

Discount rate 
 
 1pp decrease 

(1) 

21 

Return on plan assets 
 
 1pp decrease 

3 

n/a 

48 

INCOME TAXES 
 Significant judgment is required in determining the worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of a global business, there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. Many of these uncertainties arise as a consequence of intercompany transactions. 
 Although the Company believes that its tax return positions are supportable, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these matters will not be materially different than that which is reflected in the historical income tax provisions and accruals. Such differences could have a material effect on the income tax provisions or benefits in the periods in which such determinations are made. See also the discussion of reserves for uncertain tax positions, and the determinations of valuation allowances on the Company's deferred tax assets in Note 5, Income Taxes, to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 
 Various claims, lawsuits and proceedings are pending or threatened against the Company or its subsidiaries, covering a range of matters that arise in the ordinary course of its business activities with respect to commercial, product liability or other matters. 
 The Company diligently defends itself in such matters and, in addition, carries insurance coverage to the extent reasonably available against insurable risks. 
 The Company records liabilities for claims, lawsuits and proceedings when they are probable and it is possible to reasonably estimate the cost of such liabilities. Legal costs expected to be incurred in connection with a loss contingency are expensed as such costs are incurred. 
 A loss contingency is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In determining whether a loss should be accrued management evaluates, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. Changes in these factors could materially impact the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 49 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures about Market Risk 
 The Company is exposed to several markets risks in the ordinary course of business including risks related to currencies, interest rates, financing, capital structure and credit ratings and impairment. See also Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements included with this Annual Report for information about how these risks are quantified. 
 CURRENCY RISKS 
 1. Transaction Exposure and Revaluation effects 
 Transaction exposure arises because the cost of a product originates in one currency and the product is sold in another currency. Revaluation effects come from valuation of assets denominated in other currencies than the reporting currency of each unit. 
 The Company's net transaction exposure in 2022 was approximately 2.1 billion. The four largest net exposures are U.S. dollars (sell) against the Mexican Peso, U.S. dollars (sell) against Canadian dollar, Romanian Lei (buy) against the Euro and U.S. dollars (buy) against Korean Won. Together these currencies accounted for approximately 50 of the Company s net currency transaction exposure. 
 Since the Company can only effectively hedge these currency flows in the short term, periodic hedging would only reduce the impact of fluctuations temporarily. Over time, periodic hedging would postpone but not reduce the impact of fluctuations. In addition, the net exposure is limited to only around one quarter of net sales and is made up of around 50 different currency pairs with exposures of more than 1 million each. The Company generally does not hedge these flows. 
 2. Translation Exposure in the Income Statement and Balance Sheet 
 Another effect of exchange rate fluctuations arises when the income statements of non-U.S. subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars. Outside the U.S., the Company s most significant currency is the Euro. The Company estimates that 26 of its consolidated net sales will be denominated in Euro or other European currencies during 2023, while 21 of its consolidated net sales are estimated to be denominated in U.S. dollars. 
 The Company estimates that a 1 increase in the value of the U.S. dollar versus European currencies will decrease reported U.S. dollar annual net sales in 2023 by 27 million or by 0.3 , while operating income for 2023 will decline by approximately 0.3 or by about 2 million, assuming reported corporate average margin. 
 The Company s policy is not to hedge this type of translation exposure. 
 A translation exposure also arises when the balance sheets of non-U.S. subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars. The policy of the Company is to finance major subsidiaries in the country s local currency and to minimize the amounts held by subsidiaries in foreign currency accounts. 
 Consequently, changes in currency rates relating to funding and foreign currency accounts normally have a small impact on the Company s income. In 2022 and 2021, the impact from the Company s currency exposure were not material. 
 INTEREST RATE RISK 
 Interest rate risk refers to the risk that interest rate changes will affect the Company s borrowing costs. The Company's interest rate risk policy states that the average interest rate fixing period should be minimum 1 year and maximum 5 years. 
 At December 31, 2022, the average interest rate fixing period for the Company s outstanding debt was 1.6 years, and at December 31, 2021, the average interest rate fixing period for the Company s outstanding debt was 2.1 years. 
 Given the Company s current capital structure, the Company estimates that a one-percentage point interest rate increase would decrease net interest expense by approximately 4 million in 2023. This is based on the capital structure at the end of 2022 when the gross fixed-rate debt was 767 million while the Company had a net debt position of 1,184 million (see section Non-U.S. GAAP Performance Measures). Thus, a change in the interest rate environment would not have a notable impact on the Company s interest expense. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 594 million in cash and cash equivalents of which the majority were subject to a floating interest rate. Taking the cash and cash equivalents of 594 million (which is primarily subject to floating interest rates) minus the portion of debt carrying floating interest rates, the Company estimated that a one-percentage point interest rate increase would decrease net interest expense by approximately 4 million, both in 2023 and 2024. 
 Fixed interest rate debt is achieved both by issuing fixed rate notes and through interest rate swaps. The most notable debt carrying fixed interest rates is the 767 million U.S. private placement notes issued in 2014. For additional information, see Note 13, Debt and Credit Agreements, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 50 

FINANCING RISK 
 Financing risk refers to the risk that it will be difficult and/or expensive to finance new or existing debt to meet the financing needs of the Autoliv Group. 
 The management of the financing risk ensures access to funding in a cost-efficient way by diversification of funding sources and debt maturities. 
 Autoliv has diversified its long-term funding sources by issuing notes in the USPP and Eurobond markets, and by signing a long-term credit agreement with 11 banks. The Company also has a lending facility with the Swedish Export Credit Corporation. 
 The Company has Medium Term Note Program in place for being able to issue notes to be traded on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. The Company also has established programs for short-term issuance of commercial papers in the Swedish and US markets and short-term credit agreements, e.g. bank overdrafts and money market loans. 
 To ensure diversification of debt maturities, no more than 20 of the Autoliv Group s total debt may mature the next 12 months, unless such maturities (in excess of 20 are covered by unutilized committed credit facilities with maturity in excess of 12 months. Per December 31, 2022, 40 corresponding to 711 million of the Autoliv Group s total debt had maturity less than 12 months. This amount was fully covered by unutilized committed credit facilities with maturity in excess of 12 months. 
 CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND CREDIT RATING 
 The overall objective relating to Autoliv s target capital structure and credit rating is to provide the Company with sufficient flexibility to manage the inherent risks and cyclicality in Autoliv s business and allow the Company to realize strategic opportunities and fund growth initiatives while creating shareholder value. 
 Autoliv is committed to maintain a strong investment grade credit rating. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a long-term credit rating from S P Global Ratings S P of BBB. 
 The amount of interest-bearing debt held impacts the future financial flexibility as well as the credit rating. Management uses the non-U.S. GAAP measure Leverage Ratio to analyze the amount of debt the Company can incur under its debt policy. Management believes that this policy also provides guidance to credit and equity investors regarding the extent to which the Company would be prepared to leverage its operations. Autoliv s long-term target for the leverage ratio (sum of net debt plus pension liabilities divided by EBITDA) is 1.0x with the aim to operate within the range of 0.5x to 1.5x. At December 31, 2022, the leverage ratio (non-U.S. GAAP measure, see calculation table below) was 1.4x. For details and calculation of leverage ratio, refer to the table below. 
 CALCULATION OF LEVERAGE RATIO (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net debt 1) 

1,184 

1,052 

Pension liabilities 

154 

197 

Debt per the Policy 

1,338 

1,248 

Net income 2) 

425 

437 

Income taxes 2) 

178 

177 

Interest expense, net 2,3) 

54 

57 

Other non-operating items, net 2) 

5 

7 

Income from equity method investments 2) 

(3) 

(3) 

Depreciation and amortization of intangibles 2) 

363 

394 

Capacity alignments costs and antitrust related matters 2) 

(61) 

8 

EBITDA per the Policy (Adjusted EBITDA) 

961 

1,077 

Leverage ratio 

1.4 

1.2 

1) Net debt is short- and long-term debt and debt-related derivatives less cash and cash equivalents (non-U.S. GAAP measure). 
 2) Latest 12 months. 
 3) Interest expense, net is interest expense including cost for extinguishment of debt, if any, less interest income. 

51 

CREDIT RISK IN FINANCIAL MARKETS 
 Credit risk refers to the risk of a financial counterparty being unable to fulfill an agreed-upon obligation. 
 In the Company s financial operations, credit risk arises when cash is deposited with banks and when entering into forward exchange agreements, swap contracts or other financial instruments. 
 The policy of the Company is to work with banks that have a high credit rating and that participate in Autoliv s financing. 
 To further reduce credit risk, deposits and financial instruments can only be entered into with core banks up to a calculated risk amount of 200 million per bank for banks rated A- or above and up to 50 million for banks rated BBB+. In addition, deposits can be made in U.S. and Swedish government short-term notes and certain AAA rated money market funds, as approved by the Company s Board of Directors. At December 31, 2022, the Company held 237 million in AAA rated money market funds. 
 IMPAIRMENT RISK 
 Impairment risk refers to the risk that the Company will write down a material amount of its goodwill of close to 1.4 billion as of December 31, 2022. This risk is assessed at least annually in the fourth quarter each year when the Company performs its impairment testing. 
 In 2022, the Company performed a quantitative impairment testing by calculating the fair value of its goodwill. The estimated fair market value of goodwill is determined by the discounted cash flow method. The Company discounts projected operating cash flows using its weighted average cost of capital. Estimating the fair value requires the Company to make judgments about appropriate discount rates, growth rates, relevant comparable company earnings multiples and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. 
 It has been concluded that presently the Company is not at risk of failing the goodwill impairment test. However, there can be no assurance that goodwill will not be impaired due to future significant declines in LVP, due to the Company's technologies or products becoming obsolete or for any other reason. The Company could also acquire companies where goodwill could turn out to be less resilient to deteriorations in external conditions. See also discussion under Goodwill and Intangible Assets in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 10, Goodwill and Intangible Assets, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 Item 8. Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data 
 The Consolidated Balance Sheets of Autoliv as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the Consolidated Statements of Income, Comprehensive Income, Cash Flows and Total Equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and the Reports of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included below. 
 All of the schedules specified under Regulation S-X to be provided by Autoliv have been omitted either because they are not applicable, are not required or the information required is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 52 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Autoliv, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Autoliv, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, total equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Revenue recognition Variable consideration related to price concessions 

Description of the Matter 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company measures revenue based on consideration specified in a contract with a customer, adjusted for any variable consideration. Variability in consideration typically results from price concessions. The estimated amount of variable consideration that will be received by the Company related to price concessions is based on assumptions that include historical experience and trends, management s assessment of the probable outcome of its negotiations with customers and anticipated future pricing strategies. Estimating variable consideration to be received related to price concessions requires significant judgments by management that affect the amount of revenue recorded in the financial statements. Auditing the amount of variable consideration expected to be received related to price concessions was complex because of the uncertainty inherent in the factors discussed above that management uses in its assumptions and calculations. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls related to variable consideration, including controls related to management s review of ongoing negotiations with customers. To test the estimated amount of variable consideration expected to be received related to price concessions, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Company s estimation methodology and testing the significant factors used in the calculations, as discussed above. These procedures included obtaining information from management and sales department representatives who were responsible for negotiations with customers to assess the reasonableness of assumptions related to variable considerations relative to current negotiations. We evaluated the Company s ability to estimate by comparing actual results to previous estimates and judgments made by management. We also performed journal entry testing focused on unusual and manual entries affecting revenue and on entries that could be indicative of price concessions that may not have been considered in the Company s assumptions and calculations. 

53 

Product recall liabilities 

Description of the Matter 
 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company is exposed to product liability claims in the event its products fail to perform as represented and such failure results, or is alleged to result, in bodily injury, and/or property damage or other loss. The Company records liabilities for product recalls when probable claims are identified and when it is possible to reasonably estimate costs. Actual costs incurred could differ from the amounts estimated, requiring adjustments to these reserves in future periods. Provisions for product recalls are estimated based on the expected cost of replacing the product and the customer s cost of carrying out the recall, which is affected by the number of vehicles subject to recall and the cost of labor and materials to remove and replace the defective product. Auditing the product recall liabilities was complex due to the uncertainty inherent in the assumptions and estimates management uses to calculate these liability balances. These significant assumptions and estimates include the nature, likelihood, timing, and anticipated cost of known and potential claims. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company s product recall process, including controls related to management s review of the estimation calculations and significant assumptions discussed above. To test product recall liabilities, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Company s estimation methodology and testing the significant assumptions discussed above. We obtained information from Company personnel who are responsible for monitoring the status of product recalls with customers to assess the reasonableness of assumptions used. We evaluated the Company s ability to estimate by comparing actual results to previous estimates and judgments made by management. We also obtained letters from the Company s external legal counsel addressing material claims against the Company, if any, and examined relevant third-party automotive safety regulatory information to identify potential unrecorded product recall liabilities. 

/s/ Ernst Young AB 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1984. Stockholm, Sweden 

February 16, 2023 

54 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Autoliv, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Autoliv, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Autoliv, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, total equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young AB 

Stockholm, Sweden 

February 16, 2023 

55 

Consolidated Statem ents of Income 

Years ended December 31 

(DOLLARS AND SHARES IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net sales 
 
 Note 20 

Cost of sales 

() 

() 

() 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

() 

() 

() 

Research, development and engineering expenses, net 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of intangibles 
 
 Note 10 

() 

() 

() 

Other income (expense), net 
 
 Notes 11, 17 

() 

() 

Operating income 

Income from equity method investment 
 
 Note 8 

Interest income 

Interest expense 
 
 Note 13 

() 

() 

() 

Other non-operating items, net 

() 

() 

() 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 Note 5 

() 

() 

() 

Net income 

Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net income attributable to controlling interest 

Earnings per share - basic 1) 

Earnings per share - diluted 1) 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding, net of treasury shares (in millions) 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding, assuming dilution and net of treasury shares (in millions) 

Cash dividend per share - declared 

Cash dividend per share - paid 

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 1) 
 56 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

Years ended December 31 

(DOLLARS IN MILLIONS) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive (loss) income before tax: 

Change in cumulative translation adjustments 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized components of defined benefit plans 

Other comprehensive (loss) income, before tax 

() 

() 

Tax effect allocated to other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income 

Less: Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive income attributable to controlling interest 

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 57 

Consolidated B alance Sheets 

At December 31 

(DOLLARS AND SHARES IN MILLIONS) 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Receivables, net 
 
 Note 6 

Inventories, net 
 
 Note 7 

Income tax receivable 

Prepaid expenses and accrued income 

Related party receivable 
 
 Note 19 

Other current assets 
 
 Note 12, 17 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Note 9 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 Note 3 

Goodwill 
 
 Note 10 

Intangible assets, net 
 
 Note 10 

Other non-current assets 
 
 Note 8, 17 

Total assets 

Liabilities and equity 

Short-term debt 
 
 Note 13 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 
 
 Notes 11, 12 

Related party liabilities 
 
 Note 19 

Income tax payable 

Operating lease liabilities, current 
 
 Note 3 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt 
 
 Note 13 

Pension liability 
 
 Note 18 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 
 
 Note 3 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total non-current liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 
 Note 17 

Common stock 1) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 Note 14 

() 

() 

Treasury stock and million shares, respectively) 

() 

() 

Total controlling interest s equity 

Non-controlling interest 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

1) million authorized for both year s, and million issued, and and million outstanding, net of treasury shares, for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 58 

Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 

Years ended December 31 

(DOLLARS IN MILLIONS) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Gain on divestiture of property 

() 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Undistributed earnings from equity method investments, net of dividends 

() 

() 

Other, net 

() 

Net change in operating working capital: 

Receivables and other assets, gross 

() 

() 

Inventories, gross 

() 

() 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

Income taxes 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing activities 

Expenditures for property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Financing activities 

Repayment of short-term part of long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in other short-term debt 

() 

() 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

Repayment of long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends paid to non-controlling interest 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends paid 

() 

() 

() 

Stock repurchases 

() 

Common stock options exercised 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 59 

Consolidated Stateme nts of Total Equity 

Accumulated 

Additional 

other com- 

Total parent 

Non- 

(DOLLARS AND SHARES 
 
 Number of 

Common 

paid in 

Retained 

prehensive 

Treasury 

shareholders 

controlling 

Total 

IN MILLIONS) 
 
 shares 

stock 

capital 

earnings 

(loss) income 1) 

stock 

equity 

interest 

equity 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

Comprehensive Income: 

Net income 

Foreign currency translation 

Pension liability 

Total Comprehensive Income 

Stock-based compensation 

Dividends paid to non-controlling interest on subsidiary shares 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Comprehensive Income: 

Net income 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

() 

() 

Pension liability 

Total Comprehensive Income 

Stock-based compensation 

Cash dividends declared 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends paid to non-controlling interest on subsidiary shares 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Comprehensive Income: 

Net income 

Foreign currency translation 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Pension liability 

Total Comprehensive Income 

Retired and repurchased shares 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Cash dividends declared 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends paid to non-controlling interest on subsidiary shares 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

1) 
 
 See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 60 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) 

of the voting rights. Consolidation is also required when the Company has both the power to direct the activities of a variable interest entity (VIE) and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. All intercompany accounts and transactions within the Company have been eliminated from the consolidated financial statements. Investments in affiliated companies in which the Company exercises significant influence over the operations and financial policies, but does not control, are reported using the equity method of accounting. Generally, the Company owns between - of such investments. 

61 

million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The amount of revenue recognized is based on the purchase order price and adjusted for variable consideration (i.e. price concessions). Customers typically pay for the parts based on customary business practices. 
 
 million, million and million, respectively. Certain engineering expenses related to long-term supply arrangements are capitalized when defined criteria, such as the existence of a contractual guarantee for reimbursement, are met. The aggregate amount of such assets is not significant in any period presented. Tooling is generally agreed upon as a separate contract or a separate component of an engineering contract, as a pre-production project. Capitalization of tooling costs is made only when the specific criteria for capitalization of customer funded tooling is met or the criteria for capitalization as Property, Plant Equipment (P,P E) for tools owned by the Company are fulfilled. Depreciation on the Company s own tooling is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income as Cost of sales. 

to . The Company performs its annual impairment testing in the fourth quarter of each year. Impairment testing is required more often than annually if an event or circumstance indicates that an impairment, or decline in value, may have occurred. The Company uses either a qualitative assessment or a quantitative calculation for its impairment testing. The qualitative assessment permits the Company to assess whether it is more than likely than not (i.e. a likelihood of greater than 50 that goodwill or an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If the Company concludes based on the qualitative assessment that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill or an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount, it would not have to quantitatively determine the asset s fair value. The Company also consider external factors that could affect the significant inputs used to determine fair value. In 2022, the Company performed a quantitative impairment test by calculating the fair value of its goodwill. The estimated fair market value of goodwill is determined by the discounted cash flow method. The Company discounts projected operating cash flows using its weighted average cost of capital. Estimating the fair value requires the Company to make judgments about appropriate discount rates, growth rates, relevant comparable company earnings multiples and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. If the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is considered not to be impaired. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess of carrying amount over the fair value of the respective reporting unit. To supplement this analysis, the Company compares the market value of its equity, calculated by reference to the quoted market prices of its shares, with the book value of its equity. There were impairments of goodwill from 2020 through 2022 . 

million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020, a nd are recorded in operating income if they relate to operational receivables and liabilities or are recorded in other non-operating items, net if they relate to financial receivables and liabilities. 

67 

The Company s leases have remaining lease terms of - , some of which include , and some of which include . 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Sublease income 

() 

() 

Total lease cost 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases 
 
 years 

years 

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total operating lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

() 

Total operating lease liabilities 

68 

The tables below present information about the Company s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for the continuing operations as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The carrying value is the same as the fair value as these instruments are recognized in the consolidated financial statements at fair value. Although the Company is party to close-out netting agreements (ISDA agreements) with all derivative counterparties, the fair values in the tables below and in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 have been presented on a gross basis. According to the close-out netting agreements, transaction amounts payable to a counterparty on the same date and in the same currency can be netted. The amounts subject to netting agreements that the Company choose not to offset are presented below. DERIVATIVES DESIGNATED AS HEDGING INSTRUMENTS There were derivatives designated as hedging instruments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 related to the continuing operations. DERIVATIVES NOT DESIGNATED AS HEDGING INSTRUMENTS Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments, relate to economic hedges and are marked to market with all amounts recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The derivatives not designated as hedging instruments outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were foreign exchange swaps. For 2022, the Company recognized a gain of million in other non-operating items, net for derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments. For 2021, the Company recognized a loss of million. For 2020, the Company recognized a gain of million. The realized part of the losses referred to above are reported under financing activities in the statement of cash flows . 
 
 1) 

2) 

3) 

4) 

5) 

6) 

TOTAL DERIVATIVES NOT DESIGNATED AS HEDGING INSTRUMENTS 

1) million. 2) million. 3) million. 4) million. 5) million. 6) million. 
 FAIR VALUE OF DEBT The fair value of long-term debt is determined either from quoted market prices as provided by participants in the secondary market or for long-term debt without quoted market prices, estimated using a discounted cash flow method based on the Company s current borrowing rates for similar types of financing. The fair value and carrying value of debt is summarized in the table below. The Company has determined that each of these fair value measurements of debt reside within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Loans 

TOTAL 

SHORT-TERM DEBT 

Short-term portion of long-term debt 

Overdrafts and other short-term debt 

TOTAL 

1) 
 ASSETS AND LIABILITIES MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE ON A NON-RECURRING BASIS In addition to assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, the Company also has assets and liabilities in its balance sheet that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis including certain long-lived assets, including equity method investments, goodwill and other intangible assets, typically as it relates to impairment. t record any material impairment charges on its long-lived assets for its continuing operations. 

70 

() 

() 

Non-U.S. 

Total 

() 

Non-U.S. 

U.S. state and local 

() 

() 

Deferred 

U.S. federal 

() 

() 

() 

Non-U.S. 

() 

() 

() 

U.S. state and local 

() 

() 

() 

Total income tax expense 

Non-Deductible Expenses 

() 

Foreign tax rate variances 

Tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Change in Valuation Allowances 

() 

() 

Changes in tax reserves 

() 

Provision to Return 

() 

() 

Earnings of equity investments 

() 

() 

() 

Withholding taxes 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

() 

() 

Tax Audits 

U.S. GILTI Tax 

Impact of Translation Rates 

Other, net 

() 

Effective income tax rate 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. On December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards (NOL s) of approximately million, of which approximately million have no expiration date. The remaining losses expire on various dates through . The Company also has million of U.S. Foreign Tax Credit carry forwards, which begin to expire in . Valuation allowances have been established which partially offset the related deferred assets. Such allowances are primarily provided against NOL s of companies that have perennially incurred losses, as well as the NOL s of companies that are start-up operations and have not established a pattern of profitability. The Company assesses all available evidence, both positive and negative, to determine the amount of any required valuation allowance. During 2022, the Company recognized a tax benefit of million due to the reversal of valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets for loss carryforwards and other deferred balances in Brazil, on the basis of management s reassessment of the amount of its deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized. corporate alternative minimum income tax and a excise tax on corporate stock repurchases in tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. While these tax law changes have no immediate effect and are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations going forward, we will continue to evaluate its impact as further information becomes available. The foreign tax rate variance reflects the fact that approximately two-thirds of the Company s non-U.S. pre-tax income is generated by business operations located in tax jurisdictions where the tax rate is between - . The tax rate from quarter to quarter and from year to year is also impacted by the mix of earnings and tax rates in various jurisdictions compared to the same periods or prior years. The Company has reserves for income taxes that may become payable in future periods as a result of tax audits. These reserves represent the Company s best estimate of the potential liability for tax exposures. Inherent uncertainties exist in estimates of tax exposures due to changes in tax law, both legislated and concluded through the various jurisdictions court systems. The Company files income tax returns in the United States federal jurisdiction, and various states and non-U.S. jurisdictions. At any given time, the Company is undergoing tax audits in several tax jurisdictions, covering multiple years. The Company is no longer subject to income tax examination by the U.S. Federal tax authorities for years prior to 2015. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to income tax examination by U.S. state or local tax authorities or by non-U.S. tax authorities for years before 2011. The Company is undergoing tax audits in several non-U.S. jurisdictions and several U.S. state jurisdictions, covering multiple years. As of December 31, 2022, as a result of those tax examinations, the Company is not aware of any proposed income tax adjustments that would have a material impact on the Company s financial statements, however, other audits could result in additional increases or decreases to the unrecognized tax benefits in some future period or periods. The Company recognizes interest and potential penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had recorded million for unrecognized tax benefits related to prior years, including million of accrued interest and penalties. During 2022, the Company recorded a net decrease of million to income tax reserves for unrecognized tax benefits related to tax positions taken in prior years. Also during 2022, the Company recorded a net increase of million to income tax reserves for unrecognized tax benefits based on tax positions taken in the current year. The Company had million accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022. Of the total unrecognized tax benefits of million recorded at December 31, 2022, million is classified as current income tax payable, and million is classified as non-current tax payable included in Other Non-Current Liabilit ies on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Substantially all of these reserves would impact the effective tax rate if released into income. 

UNRECOGNIZED TAX BENEFITS 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of year 

Increases as a result of tax positions taken during a prior period 

Increases as a result of tax positions taken during the current period 

Decreases as a result of tax positions taken during a prior period 

Decreases relating to settlements with taxing authorities 

() 

() 

Decreases resulting from the lapse of the applicable statute of limitations 

() 

() 

Translation Difference 

() 

() 

() 

Total unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 

Costs capitalized for tax 

Property, plant and equipment 

Retirement Plans 

Tax receivables, principally NOL s 

Deferred tax assets before allowances 

Valuation allowances 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

Liabilities 

Acquired intangibles 

() 

Statutory tax allowances 

() 

() 

Distribution taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax asset 

Benefits reserved current year 

Benefits recognized current year 

() 

() 

() 

Translation difference 

() 

() 

Allowances at end of year 

73 

Allowance for credit loss at beginning of year 

() 

() 

() 

Reversal of (addition to) allowance 

() 

() 

() 

Write-off against allowance 

Translation difference 

() 

Allowance for credit loss at end of year 

() 

() 

() 

Total receivables, net of allowance 

Work in progress 

Finished products 

Inventories 

Inventory reserve at beginning of year 

() 

() 

() 

Reversal of (addition to) reserve 

() 

() 

() 

Translation difference 

() 

Inventory reserve at end of year 

() 

() 

() 

Total inventories, net of reserve 

Deferred tax assets 

Income tax receivables 

Insurance receivables 

Other non-current assets 

Total other non-current assets 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the C ompany had equity method investment. The Company owns of Autoliv-Hirotako Safety Sdn, Bhd (parent and subsidiaries) in Malaysia which it currently does not control, but in which it exercises significant influence over operations and financial position. 

74 

n/a to 

Buildings 

- 

Machinery and equipment 

- 

Construction in progress 

n/a 

Property, plant and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Net of depreciation 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Research, development and engineering expenses, net 

Total 

significant fixed asset i mpairments related to the Company s operations were recognized during 2022, 2021 or 2020. The net book value of machinery and equipment and buildings and land under finance lease contracts recorded at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were immaterial. The amortization expense related to finance leases is included with depreciation expenses disclosed in the table above. 

Translation differences 

() 

() 

Carrying amount at end of year 

Approximately billion of the Company s goodwill is associated with the 1997 merger of Autoliv AB and the Automotive Safety Products Division of Morton International, Inc. goodwill impairment charges were recognized during 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Carrying value 

At December 31, 2022, intangible assets subject to amortization mainly relate to acquired technology. No significant impairments of intangible assets were recognized during 2022, 2021 or 2020. Amortization expense related to intangible assets was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Estimated future amortization expense is: 2023: million; 2024: million; 2025: million; 2026: million and 2027: million. 

75 

Provision - charge 

Provision - reversal 

() 

() 

() 

Cash payments 

() 

() 

() 

Translation difference 

() 

() 

Reserve at end of the period 

As of December 31, 2022 , approximately million out of the million in total reserve balance can be attributed to footprint optimization activities in Europe, initiated in the third quarter of 2020 and expected to be concluded in 2023. The restructuring charges in 2022 of million, mainly related to footprint optimization activities in Asia and Europe. Cash payments of million in 2022 are mainly related to the structural efficiency program initiated in 2020, footprint optimization activities in Europe initiated in 2020 and in Asia initiated in 2022. The restructuring charges in 2021 of million, mainly related to footprint optimization activities primarily in Asia. Reversals mainly related to the structural efficiency program initiated in the second quarter of 2020. Cash payments in 2021 related to the structural efficiency program initiated in the second quarter of 2020 and other footprint activities. The restructuring charges in 2020 of million, mainly related to the structural efficiency program initiated in the second quarter of 2020 in the Americas and Europe, and footprint optimization activities in Europe initiated in the third quarter of 2020. Cash payments in 2020 mainly related to the structural efficiency program initiated in 2019. 

 million and were included within accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. In 2022, the change in the reserve for product related liabilities mainly related to warranty related issues. Of the cash payments in 2022 the main part was also related to warranty related issues. In 2021, the cash payments mainly related to recall related issues, whereof the main part was related to the Toyota Recall recall issue. In 2020, the change in reserve mainly related to recall related issues, whereof the Toyota Recall represented the major recall issue. The reserve for product related liabilities is included in accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. A majority of the Company s recall related issues as of December 31, 2022 are covered by insurance. Insurance receivables are included within other current and non-current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had total insurance receivables related to recall issues of million million as of December 31, 2021). 

Change in reserve 

Cash payments 

() 

() 

() 

Translation difference 

() 

() 

Reserve at end of the year 

76 

million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, short-term debt consisted mainly of a million million) -year notes in the Eurobond market issued in June 2018. The notes carry a coupon of and are due June 2023 . The Company s subsidiaries have credit agreements, principally in the form of overdraft facilities with several local banks. Total available short-term facilities as of December 31, 2022 , excluding commercial paper facilities as described below, amounted to million, of which approximately million was utilized. The weighted average interest rate on total short-term debt outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , excluding the short-term portion of long-term debt, was and , respectively. LONG-TERM DEBT As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, total long-term debt was million and million, respectively. In June 2020, the Company utilized its SEK million facility with Swedish Export Credit Corporation which was signed in May 2020. The SEK million million) loan matures in 2025 and carries a floating interest rate of + . In 2014, the Company issued long-term debt securities in a U.S. Private Placement. As of December 31, 2022 the total long-term debt outstanding from the 2014 issuance of million consist of: million aggregate principal amount of -year senior notes with an interest rate of ; million aggregate principal amount of -year senior notes with an interest rate of ; and million aggregate principal amount of -year senior notes with an interest rate of . CREDIT FACILITIES In May 2022, the Company refinanced its existing revolving credit facility (RCF) of million. The facility, syndicated among banks, matures in May 2027 and has extension options, each for an additional year. The Company pays a commitment fee on the undrawn amount of , representing of the applicable margin, which is (given the Company s rating of BBB from S P Global Ratings). Borrowings under the facility are unsecured. As of December 31, 2022, the facility was not utilized. The Company has a million million) Euro Medium Term Note Program in place for being able to issue notes to be traded on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. At December 31, 2022, there were no notes outstanding that had been issued under this program. The Company has two commercial paper programs: one SEK billion million) Swedish program and a billion U.S. program. At December 31, 2022 the total amount outstanding was SEK million million) and million under these two programs. The Company is not subject to any financial covenants, i.e., performance related restrictions, in any of its significant long-term borrowings or commitments. CREDIT RISK In the Company s financial operations, credit risk arises in connection with cash deposits with banks and when entering into forward exchange agreements, swap contracts or other financial instruments. In order to reduce this risk, deposits and financial instruments are only entered with a limited number of banks up to a calculated risk amount of million per bank for banks rated A- or above and up to million for banks rated BBB+. The policy of the Company is to work with banks that have a strong credit rating and that participate in the Company s financing. In addition to this, deposits of up to an aggregate amount of billion can be placed in U.S. and Swedish government paper and in certain AAA rated money market funds. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had placed million in money market funds compared to million as of December 31, 2021. The table below shows debt maturity as cash flow. For a description of hedging instruments used as part of debt management, see the Financial Instruments section of Note 2 and Note 4. 

Loans 

Commercial papers 

Other short-term debt 

Total principal amount 

77 

. 

Cash dividend declared per share 

() 

() 

Net pension liability 

() 

() 

() 

Total (ending balance) 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred taxes on the pension liability 

SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM On December 31, 2021, the stock repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors in 2014 expired with approximately million shares remaining. In November 2021, the Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program that authorizes the Company to repurchase up to billion or up to million shares (whichever comes first) between January 2022 and the end of 2024. During 2022, the Company repurchased and immediately retired shares for approximately million. 

Income taxes 

78 

million and approximately million, respectively. Pursuant to the Company s non-employee director compensation policy effecti ve May 1, 2022, the Company s non-employee directors receive an annual RSU grant having a grant date value equal to and the Chairman of the Board of Directors also receives an additional annual RSU grant having a grant date value equal to . All RSUs granted to non-employee directors vest in one installment on the earlier of the next AGM or the first anniversary of the grant date, in each case subject to the grantee s continued service as a non-employee director on the vesting date with limited exceptions. The RSUs granted to the Company s non-employee directors entitle the grantee to receive dividend equivalents in the form of additional RSUs subject to the same vesting conditions as the underlying RSUs. The grant date fair value for the RSUs granted in 2022 to the Company s non-employee directors was approximately million. The source of the shares issued upon vesting of awards is generally from treasury shares. The Stock Incentive Plan provides for the issuance of up to common shares for awards. At December 31, 2022, of these shares have been issued for awards and shares remain available for future grants. In 2015 and earlier, stock awards were granted in the form of SOs and RSUs. All SOs were granted for -year terms, had an exercise price equal to the fair market value per share of common stock at the date of grant, and became exercisable after of continued employment following the grant date. The average grant date fair values of SOs were calculated using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The Company used historical exercise data for determining the expected life assumption. Expected volatility was based on historical and implied volatility. The Company recorded approximately million, million and million stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs and PSUs for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The total compensation cost related to non-vested awards not yet recognized is million for RSUs and PSs and the weighted average period over which this cost is expected to be recognized is approximately years. There are remaining unrecognized compensation costs associated with SOs. 

Outstanding at beginning of year 

Granted 

Shares issued 

() 

() 

() 

Cancelled/Forfeited/Expired 

() 

() 

() 

Outstanding at end of year 

The aggregate intrinsic value for RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022 was approximately million. 

Outstanding at beginning of year 

Change in performance conditions 

() 

() 

Granted 

Shares issued 

() 

Cancelled/Forfeited/Expired 

() 

() 

() 

Outstanding at end of year 

The PSUs granted include assumptions regarding the ultimate number of shares that will be issued based on the probability of achievement of the performance conditions. 

SOs 
 
 Number of options 

Weighted average exercise price 

Outstanding at December 31, 2019 

Exercised 

() 

Spin conversion 1) 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Exercised 

() 

Cancelled/Forfeited/Expired 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Exercised 

() 

Cancelled/Forfeited/Expired 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

OPTIONS EXERCISABLE 

At December 31, 2020 

At December 31, 2021 

At December 31, 2022 

1) ). The weighted average exercise price reflects the exercise price of the shares cancelled due to the Veoneer spin-off. 

The total aggregate intrinsic value, which is the difference between the exercise price and (closing price per share at December 31, 2022), for all in the money SOs, both outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2022, was immaterial. 

80 

million for total product related liabilities. The majority of the total product liability accrual as of December 31, 2022, relates to recalls, which are generally covered by insurance. Insurance receivables for such recall related liabilities total million as of December 31, 2022. Product Liability : On , filed a wrongful death products liability suit against several Autoliv entities stemming from a fatal car accident in 2013 where the plaintiff s husband was fatally injured. The lawsuit alleges that Autoliv should be liable for a defectively-designed driver seatbelt. The case was removed to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. The suit originally included Bosch and Mazda entities as well, but these entities were dismissed pursuant to confidential settlement agreements with the plaintiff, and all of the Autoliv entities except Autoliv Japan Ltd. were also dismissed. On January 10, 2017, the District Court entered an order granting summary judgment in favor of Autoliv, concluding that Autoliv was not actively involved in the design of Mr. Andrews s seatbelt and, therefore, should not be liable for plaintiff s claims as a matter of law. However, on appeal, the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the decision, holding that, under Georgia s products liability statute, Autoliv could be liable for a design defect associated with the seatbelt, regardless of its level of involvement in the seatbelt s ultimate design, because Autoliv manufactured it. On October 4, 2021, the case proceeded to a bench trial before the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. On December 31, 2021, the District Court entered a Final Order and Judgment concluding that Mr. Andrews s seatbelt was defectively designed and Autoliv was strictly liable for the design. in compensatory damages, but only ordered Autoliv to pay 50 percent of that amount, after finding that 50 percent of the fault for Mr. Andrews s damages should be apportioned to Mazda . The Court declined to apportion any fault for Mr. Andrews s damages to Mr. Andrews or Bosch. The District Court also entered an award of punitive damages against Autoliv in the amount of . Subsequently, on September 30, 2022, the District Court awarded pre-judgement interest on the compensatory damages award of approximately . The Company believes the District Court s verdict was in error, including the grossly high punitive damages award, and appealed the verdict. The Company has determined that a loss with respect to this litigation is probable and has in the fourth quarter of 2021 accrued million pursuant to ASC 450. The Company accrued an additional million for the pre-judgement interest in the third quarter of 2022. The accrual is reflected in the total product liability accrual. This amount reflects the low end of the range of a probable loss of million to million. The accrual ref lects the Company s best estimate of the probable loss based on currently available information and does not include any amount for the punitive damages. It is reasonably possible that the Company may have to pay the entire damages awarded by the District Court. The Company believes that its insurance should cover all of the types of damages awarded by the District Court, and has therefore recognized a receivable, included within Other non-current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2021, for the expected insurance proceeds. However, the extent of the Company's insurance coverage for punitive damages in this matter is uncertain and may be less than all of such punitive damages ultimately awarded. In the event all or a portion of the punitive damages award survives the Company's appeal, the Company will continue to engage with our insurance carriers and aggressively pursue all potential recoveries. The ultimate loss to the Company of the litigation matter could be materially different from the amount the Company has accrued. The Company cannot predict or estimate the duration or ultimate outcome of this matter. Specific Recalls: In the fourth quarter of 2020, the Company was made aware of a potential recall by one of its customers (the Unannounced Recall ). The Company continues to evaluate this matter with its customer. The Company determined pursuant to ASC 450 that a loss with respect to the Unannounced Recall is probable and accrued an amount that is reflected in the total product liability accrual in the fourth quarter of 2020 and increased the accrual in the fourth quarter of 2021. The amount by which the product liability accrual exceeds the product liability insurance receivable with respect to the Unannounced Recall is million and includes self-insurance retention costs and deductibles. The ultimate loss to the Company of the Unannounced Recall could be materially different from the amount the Company has accrued. Volvo Car USA, LLC (together with its affiliates, Volvo has recalled approximately vehicles relating to the malfunction of inflators produced by ZF (the ZF Inflator Recall ). The recalled ZF inflators were included in airbag modules supplied by the Company only to Volvo. The recall commenced in November 2020 and later expanded in September 2021. Because the Company s airbags were involved with the ZF Inflator Recall, the Company has determined pursuant to ASC 450 that a loss is reasonably possible with respect to the ZF Inflator Recall. The Company continues to evaluate this matter with Volvo and ZF and accrual has been made. Although the Company currently estimates a range of to million with respect to this potential loss, the Company anticipates that any losses net of insurance claims and claims against ZF will be immaterial. Intellectual property: In its products, the Company utilizes technologies which may be subject to intellectual property rights of third parties. While the Company does seek to procure the necessary rights to utilize intellectual property rights associated with its products, it may fail to do so. Where the Company so fails, the Company may be exposed to material claims from the owners of such rights. Where the Company has sold products which infringe upon such rights, its customers may be entitled to be indemnified by the Company for the claims they suffer as a result thereof. Such claims could be material. The table in Note 12 above summarizes the change in the balance sheet position of the product related liabilities for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 . 

83 

million, million and million, respectively. MULTIEMPLOYER PLANS The Company participates in a multiemployer plan in Sweden. This ITP-2 plan is funded through Alecta and covers employees born before 1979, for whom it provides a final pay pension benefit based on all service with participating employers. The Company must pay for wage increases in excess of inflation on service earned with previous employers. The plan also provides disability and family benefits and is more than funded. The Company s contributions to this multiemployer plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS The Company has a number of defined benefit pension plans, both contributory and non-contributory, in the U.S., France, Germany, India, Japan, Mexico, Philippines, Poland, Sweden, South Korea, Thailand, Turkey and the United Kingdom. There are funded as well as unfunded plan arrangements which provide retirement benefits to both U.S. and non-U.S. participants. The main plan is the U.S. plan for which the benefits are based on an average of the employee s earnings in the years preceding retirement and on credited service. In a prior year, the Company closed participation in the Autoliv ASP, Inc. Pension Plan to exclude those employees hired after December 31, 2003. Within the U.S. there is also a non-qualified restoration plan that provides benefits to employees whose benefits in the primary U.S. plan are restricted by limitations on the compensation that can be considered in calculating their benefits. During December 2017 the Company amended the U.S. defined benefit pension plan, communicating a benefits freeze that will begin on December 31, 2021. Settlement accounting has been recognized each quarter in 2022 for the U.S. plans because the lump-sum payments made to plan participants during 2022 exceeded the sum of service cost and interest cost. For the Company s non-U.S. defined benefit plans the most significant individual plan is in the U.K. The Company has closed participation in the U.K. defined benefit plan to exclude all employees hired after April 30, 2003 with few members currently accruing benefits. 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Actuarial (gain) loss due to: 

Change in discount rate 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Experience 

Other assumption changes 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Plan settlements/curtailments 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Plan amendments 

Other 

() 

Translation difference 

() 

() 

Benefit obligation at end of year 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Actual return on plan assets 

() 

() 

Company contributions 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Plan settlements 

() 

() 

() 

Translation difference 

() 

() 

Fair value of plan assets at end of year 

Pension liability recognized in the balance sheet 

The U.S. plan provides that benefits may be paid in the form of a lump sum if so elected by the participant. In order to more accurately reflect a market-derived pension obligation, Autoliv adjusts the assumed lump sum interest rate to reflect market conditions as of each December 31. This methodology is consistent with the approach required under the Pension Protection Act of 2006, which provides the rules for determining minimum funding requirements in the U.S. 

Interest cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of actuarial loss 

Settlement loss 

Net periodic benefit cost 

Non-U.S. 

(Dollars in millions) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of prior service costs 

Amortization of actuarial loss 

Settlement/curtailment (gain) loss 

() 

Net periodic benefit cost 

The service cost and amortization of prior service cost components are reported among other employee compensation costs in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The remaining components, interest cost, expected returns on plan assets and amortization of actuarial loss, are reported as Other non-operating items, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Amortization of the net actuarial loss from accumulated other comprehensive income is made over the estimated average remaining lifetime of the plan participants (28 to 32 years) for the U.S. plans, and the estimated average remaining service lives or lifetimes of the plan participants for the non-U.S. plans, the periods varying over a wide range between the different countries depending on the age of the population concerned. 

Prior service cost 

Total accumulated other comprehensive loss recognized in the balance sheet 

Net actuarial loss (gain) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization or curtailment recognition of prior service credit (cost) 

() 

Amortization or settlement recognition of net gain (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

Translation difference 

() 

() 

Total retirement benefit recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss at end of year 

The accumulated benefit obligation for the U.S. non-contributory defined benefit pension plans was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation for the non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Pension plans for which the accumulated benefit obligation (ABO) is notably in excess of the plan assets reside in the following countries: U.S., Mexico, France, Germany, Japan, South Korea, Sweden, Thailand and Turkey. 

Accumulated Benefit Obligation (ABO) 

Fair value of plan assets 

The Company, in consultation with its actuarial advisors, determines certain key assumptions to be used in calculating the projected benefit obligation and annual net periodic benefit cost. 

- 
 
 - 

Rate of increases in compensation level 
 
 n/a 

n/a 

- 
 
 - 
 
 ASSUMPTIONS USED TO DETERMINE THE NET PERIODIC BENEFIT COST FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31 

U.S. 

Weighted average) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Discount rate 

Rate of increases in compensation level 
 
 n/a 

Expected long-term rate of return on assets 

Non-U.S. 1) 

Range) 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 
 
 2020 

Discount rate 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Rate of increases in compensation level 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Expected long-term rate of return on assets 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 1) 
 The discount rate for the U.S. plans has been set based on the rates of return on high-quality fixed-income investments currently available at the measurement date and expected to be available during the period the benefits will be paid. The expected timing of cash flows from the plan has also been considered in selecting the discount rate. In particular, the yields on bonds rated AA or better on the measurement date have been used to set the discount rate. The discount rate for the U.K. plan has been set based on the weighted average yields on long-term high-grade corporate bonds and is determined by reference to financial markets on the measurement date. The expected rate of increase in compensation levels and long-term rate of return on plan assets are determined based on a number of factors and must take into account long-term expectations and reflect the financial environment in the respective local market. The expected return on assets for the U.S. and U.K. plans are based on the fair value of the assets as of December 31. The level of equity exposure is currently targeted at approximately for the primary U.S. plan. The investment objective is to provide an attractive risk-adjusted return that will ensure the payment of benefits while protecting against the risk of substantial investment losses. Correlations among the asset classes are used to identify an asset mix that Autoliv believes will provide the most attractive returns. Long-term return forecasts for each asset class using historical data and other qualitative considerations to adjust for projected economic forecasts are used to set the expected rate of return for the entire portfolio. The Company has assumed a long-term rate of return on the U.S. plan assets of for calculating the 2022 expense and for calculating the 2023 expense. The Company has assumed a long-term rate of return on the non-U.S. plan assets in a range of - for 2022 . The closed U.K. plan, which has a targeted and actual allocation of almost debt instruments, accounts for approximately of the total non-U.S. plan assets. Autoliv made contributions to the U.S. plan during 2022 and 2021 amounting to million and million, respectively. Contributions to the U.K. plan during 2022 and 2021 amounted to million and million, respectively. The Company expects to contribute million to its U.S. pension plan in 2023 and is currently projecting a yearly funding at the same level in the years thereafter. For the UK pension plan, which is the most significant non-U.S. pension plan, the Company expects to contribute million in 2023 and in the years thereafter. 

Debt instruments 

Other assets 

Total 

Insurance Contracts 

Other Investments 

Assets at fair value Level 2 

Investments measured at net asset value (NAV): 

Common collective trusts 

Total 

The fair value measurement level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Certain assets that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. Plan assets not measured using the NAV are classified as Level 2 in the table above. Plan assets measured using the NAV mainly relate to the U.S. defined benefit pension plans and are separately disclosed as Common collective trusts below the Level 2 assets in the table above. The estimated future benefit payments for the pension benefits reflect expected future service, as appropriate. The amount of benefit payments in a given year may vary from the projected amount, especially for the U.S. plan since historically this plan pays the majority of benefits as a lump sum, where the lump sum amounts vary with market interest rates. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Years 2028-2032 

POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS OTHER THAN PENSIONS The Company currently provides postretirement health care and life insurance benefits to a limited group of U.S. retirees. years of service (5 years before December 31, 2006), are reimbursed for qualified medical expenses up to a maximum annual amount. Spouses for certain retirees are also eligible for reimbursement under the plan. Life insurance coverage is available for those who elect coverage under the retiree health plan. During 2014, the plan was amended to move from a self-insured model where employees were charged an estimated premium based on anticipated plan expenses for continued coverage, to a plan where retirees are provided a fixed contribution to a Health Retirement Account (HRA). Retirees can use the HRA funds to purchase insurance through a private exchange. Employees hired on or after January 1, 2004 are not eligible to participate in the plan. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the benefit obligation for postretirement benefit plans other than pensions were million and million, respectively. The liability for postretirement benefits other than pensions is classified as other non-current liabilities in the balance sheet. The components of the net periodic benefit costs associated with these plans were immaterial for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020. The average discount rate used to determine the U.S. postretirement benefit obligation was in 2022 and in 2021. The average discount rate used in determining the postretirement benefit cost was in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. The accumulated other comprehensive income before tax associated with the postretirement benefit plans other than pensions recognized in the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. The components of the accumulated other comprehensive income were immaterial for the years 2022 and 2021. The estimated future benefit payments for the postretirement benefits, which reflect expected future service as appropriate, are expected to be immaterial f or all the future years 2023-2032. 

87 

million. The related party purchases for the full year 2021 amounted to million. 

Related party payables 1) 

Related party accrued expenses 1) 

1) 

operating segment which includes Autoliv s airbag and seatbelt products and components. The operating results of the operating segment are regularly reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision maker to assess the performance of the operating segment and make decisions about resources to be allocated to the operating segment. The Company s customers consist of all major European, U.S. and Asian automobile manufacturers. Sales to individual customers representing 10 or more of net sales were: In 2022: Renault (including Nissan and Mitsubishi), Stellantis and VW 1 . In 2021 : Renault (including Nissan and Mitsubishi), Stellantis and VW . In 2020 : Renault (including Nissan and Mitsubishi) and VW and Honda . 

Japan 

Rest of Asia 

Americas 

Europe 

Total 

The Company has attributed net sales to the geographic area based on the location of the entity selling the final product. External sales in the U.S. amounted to million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Of the external sales, exports from the U.S. to other regions amounted to approximately million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Seatbelt Products 1) 

Total net sales 

1) 

Japan 

Rest of Asia 

Americas 

Europe 

Total 

Long-lived assets in the U.S. amounted to million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. For 2022 and 2021, million and million, respectively, of the long-lived assets in the U.S. refers to intangible assets, principally from acquisition goodwill. 

 88 

Denominator: 1) 

Basic weighted average common stock 

Added: Weighted average stock options/share awards 

Diluted weighted average common stock 

Basic EPS 

Diluted EPS 

1) 
 Anti-dilutive shares outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were immaterial. 

89 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 There have been no changes to and no disagreements with our independent auditors regarding accounting or financial disclosure matters in our two most recent fiscal years. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation has been carried out by the Company s management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 (a) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. 
 Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of Autoliv s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 framework). 
 Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective. 
 (b) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Ernst Young AB has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein as the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15-(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Othe r Information 
 None. 
 
 90 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10. regarding executive officers, directors and nominees for election as directors of Autoliv, Autoliv s Audit Committee, Autoliv s code of ethics, and compliance with Section 16(A) of the Securities Exchange Act is incorporated herein by reference from the information under the captions Executive Officers of the Company and Proposal 1: Election of Directors , Committees of the Board and Audit and Risk Committee Report , Corporate Governance Guidelines and Codes of Conduct , and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports , respectively, in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement. Information on Board meeting attendance is provided under the caption Board Meetings in the 2023 Proxy Statement and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11. regarding executive compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022 is included under the caption Compensation Discussion and Analysis in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The information required by the same item regarding Leadership Development and Compensation Committee is included in the sections Leadership Development and Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Leadership Development and Compensation Committee Report in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12. regarding beneficial ownership of Autoliv s common stock is included under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Shares Previously Authorized for Issuance Under the 1997 Stock Incentive Plan 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, about the common stock that may be issued under the Autoliv, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan. The Company does not have any equity compensation plans that have not been approved by its stockholders. 

Plan Category 
 
 (a) Number of Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 

(b) Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights(2) 

(c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a))(3) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 

333,703 

70.77 

2,658,218 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

333,703 

70.77 

2,658,218 

(1) Autoliv, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on May 6, 2009, as amended by Amendment No. 1 dated December 17, 2010 and Amendment No. 2 dated May 8, 2012. 

(2) Excludes restricted stock units and performance shares which convert to shares of common stock for no consideration. 

(3) All such shares are available for issuance pursuant to grants of full-value stock awards. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information regarding the Company s policy and procedures concerning related party transactions is included under the caption Related Person Transactions in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding director independence can be found under the caption Board Independence in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 9(e) of Schedule 14A regarding principal accounting fees and the information required by Item 14 regarding the pre-approval process of accounting services provided to Autoliv is included under the caption Proposal 3. Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Appointment in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 91 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Fina ncial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents Filed as Part of this Report 

(1) Financial Statements 

(i) Consolidated Statements of Income Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; 

(ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; 

(iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

(iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; 

(v) Consolidated Statements of Total Equity as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; 

(vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements; and 

(vii) Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Auditor ID No. 1433). 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All of the schedules specified under Regulation S-X to be provided by Autoliv have been omitted either because they are not applicable, they are not required, or the information required is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) Exh ibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Distribution Agreement, dated June 28, 2018, between Veoneer, Inc. and Autoliv, Inc., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-12933, filing date July 2, 2018). 

3.1 
 
 Autoliv s Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date April 22, 2015). 

3.2 
 
 Autoliv s Third Restated By-Laws, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-12933, filing date December 18, 2015). 

4.1 
 
 Indenture, dated March 30, 2009, between Autoliv, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Autoliv s Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 001-12933, filing date March 30, 2009). 

4.2 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture (including Form of Global Note), dated March 15, 2012, between Autoliv, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-12933, filing date March 15, 2012). 

4.3 
 
 Form of Note Purchase and Guaranty Agreement dated April 23, 2014, among Autoliv ASP, Inc., Autoliv, Inc. and the purchasers named therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date April 25, 2014). 

4.4 
 
 Amendment and Waiver 2014 Note Purchase and Guaranty Agreement, dated May 24, 2018 among Autoliv, Inc., Autoliv ASP, Inc. and the noteholders named therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date July 27, 2018). 

4.5 
 
 General Terms and Conditions for Swedish Depository Receipts in Autoliv, Inc., representing common shares in Autoliv, Inc., effective as of May 30, 2018 with Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) serving as a custodian, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date July 27, 2018). 

4.6 
 
 Agency Agreement dated June 26, 2018 among Autoliv, Inc., Autoliv ASP Inc. and HSBC Bank PLC, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date July 27, 2018). 

4.7 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-12933, filing date February 19, 2021). 

4.8 
 
 Base Listing Particulars Agreement, dated February 22, 2022, among Autoliv, Inc., Autoliv ASP, Inc. and the dealers named therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date April 22, 2022). 

4.9 
 
 Amended and Restated Programme Agreement, dated February 22, 2022, among Autoliv, Inc., Autoliv ASP, Inc. and the dealers named therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date April 22, 2022). 

92 

4.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Agency Agreement, dated February 22, 2022, among Autoliv, Inc., Autoliv ASP, Inc. and the dealers named therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date April 22, 2022). 

4.11 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-12933, filing date February 19, 2021) 

10.1+ 
 
 Autoliv, Inc. 1997 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on May 6, 2009, incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A of the Definitive Proxy Statement of Autoliv, Inc. on Schedule 14A (filing date March 23, 2009). 

10.2+ 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Autoliv, Inc. 1997 Stock Incentive Plan as amended and restated on May 6, 2009, dated December 17, 2010, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-12933, filing date February 23, 2011). 

10.3+ 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Autoliv, Inc. 1997 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on May 6, 2009, dated May 8, 2012, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date July 20, 2012). 

10.4 
 
 Form of Note Purchase and Guaranty Agreement, dated April 23, 2014, among Autoliv ASP, Inc., Autoliv, Inc. and the purchasers named therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date April 25, 2014). 

10.5 
 
 General Terms and Conditions for Swedish Depository Receipts in Autoliv, Inc. representing common shares in Autoliv, Inc., effective as of May 30, 2018, with Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) serving as custodian, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date July 27, 2018). 

10.6+ 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Autoliv, Inc. 1997 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, dated April 24, 2017, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date April 28, 2017). 

10.7 
 
 Tax Matters Agreement, dated June 28, 2018, between Veoneer, Inc. and Autoliv, Inc., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-12933, filing date July 2, 2018). 

10.8+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, effective as of June 29, 2018, by and between Autoliv, Inc. and Mikael Bratt, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date July 27, 2018). 

10.9+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated March 21, 2018 and effective as of June 29, 2018, by and between Autoliv, Inc. and Jordi Lombarte incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date July 27, 2018). 

10.10+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, effective as of June 29, 2018, by and between Autoliv, Inc. and Anthony J. Nellis, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date July 27, 2018). 

10.11 
 
 Cooperation Agreement, dated March 1, 2019, between Autoliv, Inc. and Cevian Capital II GP Limited, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-12933, filing date March 1, 2019). 

10.12+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 23, 2019, between Autoliv, Inc. and Frithjof Oldorff, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date October 25, 2019). 

10.13+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated March 18, 2019, between Autoliv, Inc. and Christian Swahn, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date October 25, 2019). 

10.14+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated February 15, 2019, between Autoliv, Inc. and Magnus Jarlegren, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date October 25, 2019). 

10.15 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Autoliv, Inc. and its directors and certain of its executive officers, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date October 25, 2019). 

10.16 + 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated November 26, 2019 and effective as of March 1, 2020, between Autoliv, Inc. and Fredrik Westin, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-12933, filing date February 21, 2020). 

10.17 + 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 23, 2020, between Autoliv, Inc. and Svante Mogefors, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-12933, filing date February 21, 2020). 

10.18 + 
 
 Form of Employee restricted stock units grant agreement (2020) to be used the Autoliv, Inc 1997 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date April 24, 2020). 

10.19 + 
 
 Form of Employee performance share units grant agreement (2020) to be used under the Autoliv, Inc 1997 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date April 24, 2020). 

93 

10.20 
 
 Facility Agreement, dated May 28, 2020, by and among Autoliv AB, as borrower, Autoliv, Inc. and Autoliv ASP, as guarantors, and AB Svensk Exportkredit, as lender, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date July 17, 2020). 

10.21 + 
 
 Form of Non-Employee Directors 2020 restricted stock units grant agreement under the Autoliv, Inc 1997 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date July 17, 2020). 

10.22 + 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated May 20, 2020 and effective as of July 1, 2020, between Autoliv, Inc. and Per Ericson, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date July 17, 2020). 

10.23 + 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated June 8, 2020 and effective as of June 15, 2020, by between Autoliv, Inc. and Kevin Fox, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date July 17, 2020). 

10.24 + 
 
 Employment Agreement, effective as of August 17, 2020, by and between Autoliv AB and Mikael Hagstr m incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date October 23, 2020). 

10.25+ 
 
 Amendment No. 1, effective as of July 1, 2020, to Employment Agreement, effective March 21, 2018, by and between Autoliv Inc. and Jordi Lombarte. 

10.26+ 
 
 Amendment No. 2, effective as of March 9, 2021, to Employment Agreement, effective March 21, 2018, by and between Autoliv Inc. and Jordi Lombarte incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date April 23, 2021). 

10.27+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 1, 2020 and effective as of November 1, 2020, by and between Autoliv Inc. and Colin Naughton incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date April 23, 2021). 

10.28+ 
 
 Form of Employee restricted stock units grant agreement (2021) to be used under the Autoliv, Inc 1997 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date April 23, 2021). 

10.29+ 
 
 Form of Employee performance share units grant agreement (2021) to be used the Autoliv, Inc 1997 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date April 23, 2021). 

10.30+ 
 
 Amendment No. 1, effective as of April 1, 2021, to Employment Agreement, effective March 18, 2019, by and between Autoliv Inc. and Christian Swahn incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date April 23, 2021). 

10.31+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated December 14, 2021 and effective as of January 19, 2021, by and between Autoliv Inc. and Sng Yih incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-12933, filing date February 22, 2022). 

10.32+ 
 
 Form of Employee restricted stock units grant agreement (2022) to be used under the Autoliv, Inc 1997 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date April 22, 2022). 

10.33+ 
 
 Form of Employee performance share units grant agreement (2022) to be used promised under the Autoliv, Inc 1997 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date April 22, 2022). 

10.34 
 
 Facilities Agreement, dated May 23, 2022, among Autoliv, Inc., Autoliv ASP, Inc., Citibank, N.A., London Branch, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), and the other parties and lenders named therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date July 22, 2022). 

10.35+ 
 
 Form of Non-Employee Directors restricted stock units grant agreement (2022) to be used under the Autoliv, Inc. 1997 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date July 22, 2022). 

10.36+ 
 
 Autoliv, Inc. Non-employee Director Compensation Policy, effective November 1, 2022 incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 001-12933, filing date October 21, 2022). 

10.37+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated December 1, 2022 and effective as of January 15, 2023, by and between Autoliv, Inc. and Jonas Jademyr. 

10.38+ 
 
 Amendment, dated and effective December 5, 2022, to Employment Agreement, effective as of January 23, 2020, by and between Autoliv, Inc. and Svante Mogefors. 

21 
 
 Autoliv s List of Subsidiaries. 

94 

23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Date File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document). 

Filed herewith. 
 + Management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Confidential treatment requested as to portions of the exhibit. Confidential materials omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 95 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, as of February 16, 2023. 

AUTOLIV, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By 
 /s/ Fredrik Westin 

Fredrik Westin 

Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated, as of February 16, 2023. 

Title 
 
 Name 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 /s/ Jan Carlson 

Jan Carlson 

Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 /s/ Mikael Bratt 

and Director 
 
 Mikael Bratt 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 /s/ Fredrik Westin 

(Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Fredrik Westin 

Director 
 
 /s/ Laurie Brlas 

Laurie Brlas 

Director 
 
 /s/ Hasse Johansson 

Hasse Johansson 

Director 
 
 /s/ Leif Johansson 

Leif Johansson 

Director 
 
 /s/ Franz-Josef Kort m 

Franz-Josef Kort m 

Director 
 
 /s/ Fr d ric Lissalde 

Fr d ric Lissalde 

Director 
 
 /s/ Xiaozhi Liu 

Xiaozhi Liu 

Director 
 
 /s/ Gustav Lundgren 

Gustav Lundgren 

Director 
 
 /s/ Martin Lundstedt 

Martin Lundstedt 

Director 
 
 /s/ Thaddeus Senko 

Thaddeus Senko 

96 

Glossary and Definitions 
 In this report, the following company or industry specific terms and abbreviations are used: 
 BCC 
 Best Cost Country. 
 CASH CONVERSION 
 Free ca sh flow in relation to net income. 
 CAPITAL EMPLOYED 
 Total equity and net debt (net cash). 
 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES 
 Investments in property, plant and equipment. 
 CAPITAL TURN-OVER RATE 
 Annual sales in relation to average capital employed. 
 CPV 
 Content Per Vehicle, i.e. value of the safety products in a vehicle. 
 DEVELOPED MARKETS 
 Includes North America, Western Europe, Japan and South Korea 
 EARNINGS PER SHARE 
 Net income attributable to controlling interest relative to weighted average number of shares (net of treasury shares) assuming dilution and basic, respectively. 
 EBIT 
 Earnings before interest and taxes. 
 EBITDA 
 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization 
 FREE CASH FLOW 
 Cash flows from operating activities less capital expenditures, net. 
 GROSS MARGIN 
 Gross profit relative to sales. 
 
 GROWTH MARKETS 
 Includes all markets except North America, Western Europe, Japan and South Korea. 
 HEADCOUNT 
 Employees plus temporary personnel. 
 97 

INVENTORY OUTSTANDING IN RELATION TO SALES 
 Outstanding inventory relative to annualized fourth quarter sales. 
 LEVERAGE RATIO 
 Debt per the Policy (Net debt adjusted for pension liabilities) in relation to EBITDA per the Policy (Adjusted EBITDA) (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization, other non-operating items, net, income from equity method investments and capacity alignments), see Item 7 for a calculation of this non-U.S. GAAP measure. 
 LMPU 
 Labor minutes per produced unit. 
 LVP 
 Light vehicle production of light motor vehicles with a gross weight of up to 3.5 metric tons. 
 This 10-K includes content supplied by S P Global; Copyright Light Vehicle Production Forecast, January 2022. All rights reserved. S P Global is a global supplier of independent industry information. The permission to use S P Global copyrighted reports, data and information does not constitute an endorsement or approval by S P Global of the manner, format, context, content, conclusion, opinion or viewpoint in which S P Global reports, data and information or its derivations are used or referenced herein. 
 NET DEBT 
 Short and long-term debt including debt-related derivatives less cash and cash equivalents, see Non-U.S. GAAP Performance Measures in Item 7 for a reconciliation of this non-U.S. GAAP measure. 
 NET DEBT TO CAPITALIZATION 
 Net debt in relation to total equity (including non-controlling interest) and net debt. 
 NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES 
 Employees with a continuous employment agreement, recalculated to full time equivalent heads. 
 OEM 
 Original Equipment Manufacturer referring to customers assembling new vehicles. 
 OPERATING MARGIN 
 Operating income relative to sales. 
 OPERATING WORKING CAPITAL 
 Current assets excluding cash and cash equivalents less current liabilities excluding short-term debt. Any current derivatives reported in current assets and current liabilities related to net debt are excluded from operating working capital. See Non-U.S. GAAP Performance Measures in Item 7 for reconciliation of this non-U.S. GAAP measure. 
 OUR MARKET 
 Our products include seatbelts, airbags and steering wheels. 
 PAYABLES OUTSTANDING IN RELATION TO SALES 
 Outstanding payables relative to annualized fourth quarter sales. 
 PRETAX MARGIN 
 Income before taxes relative to sales. 
 RECEIVABLES OUTSTANDING IN RELATION TO SALES 
 Outstanding receivables relative to annualized fourth quarter sales. 
 98 

RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED 
 Operating income and equity in earnings of affiliates, relative to average capital employed. 
 RETURN ON TOTAL EQUITY 
 Net income relative to average total equity. 
 ROA 
 Rest of Asia includes all Asian countries except China and Japan. 
 TOTAL EQUITY RATIO 
 Total equity relative to total assets. 
 TRADE WORKING CAPITAL 
 Outstanding receivables and outstanding inventory less outstanding payables. 
 99 

<EX-10>
 2
 alv-ex10_25.htm
 EX-10.25

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.25 
 
 Amendment No. 1 
 Employment Agreement 
 
 July 1, 2020 
 
 This Amendment No. 1 is made to the employment agreement (the Agreement by and between Autoliv Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Jordi Lombarte (the Executive ), that was made and entered into on March 21, 2018. 
 
 1. Section 2 of the Agreement is amended and replaced with the following: 

Employment. The Executive is hereby employed on the Effective Date as the Chief Technology Officer of the Company. In this capacity, the Executive shall have the duties, responsibilities and authority commensurate with such position as shall be assigned to him by the Chief Executive Officer and President of Autoliv Inc. (the Chief Executive Officer ). 
 
 The principal workplace for the Executive shall be Auburn Hills, Michigan USA until no later than December 31, 2021. The Company and the Executive have agreed that the principal workplace of the Executive shall be Stockholm, Sweden beginning sometime in 2021, following the relocation from Auburn Hills, Michigan, USA. The Company will provide the required support for the relocation of the Executive to Sweden. 
 
 2. Section 7 (Temporary Benefits) of the Agreement is amended and replaced with the following: 

Temporary Benefits. The Executive will be provided a bi-weekly housing allowance of 3.291.48 until the sooner of Executive s relocation to Sweden or February 28, 2021. Economy class commercial airfare for the Executive and his family may be charged directly to the Company through the Company s corporate travel agent for one round-trip journey to Spain from the USA in 2020. 
 
 3. The parties expressly agree that the amendment to Section 2 of the Agreement does not constitute a Good Reason, as defined in Article 10(c)(iii) of the Agreement, upon signing this Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement. 

4. All other terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement remain unchanged and in full effect. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Amendment No. 1 has been executed the day and year first above written. 
 
 AUTOLIV INC. 

Exhibit 10.25 
 ..		 ..	Mikael Bratt					Jordi Lombarte 
 President and Chief Executive Officer							 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 alv-ex10_37.htm
 EX-10.37

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.37 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into on December 1, 2022 by and between Autoliv Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Jonas Jademyr, personal number .. (the Executive ), to be effective as of the Effective Date, as defined in Section 1. References herein to the Company shall, as applicable, be deemed to include the Company s affiliates. 
 BACKGROUND 
 The Company desires to engage the Executive as the Executive Vice President, Quality and Program Management of the Company from and after the Effective Date, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The Executive is willing to serve as such in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 1. Effective Date . The effective date of this Agreement (the Effective Date shall be January 15, 2023. 

2. Employment . The Executive is hereby employed on the Effective Date as the Executive Vice President, Quality and Program Management of the Company. In this capacity, the Executive shall have the duties, responsibilities and authority commensurate with such position as shall be assigned to him by the President and CEO of the Company (the President and CEO ). The principal workplace for the Executive shall be Gothenburg, Sweden. 

3. Employment Period . The Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive and the Executive hereby agrees to serve the Company from the Effective Date and thereafter unless and until terminated by the Company or the Executive (the Employment Period ); provided , however , that (i) the Company must give the Executive written notice of termination of the Executive s employment not less than six (6) calendar months prior to such date of termination, and (ii) the Executive must give the Company written notice of termination of his employment not less than six (6) calendar months prior to such date of termination; provided , further , however , that in the event of a termination by the Company for Cause pursuant to Section 10(b) hereof, the 6-month notice requirement provided in clause (i) of the foregoing provision shall not apply and the Executive s termination of employment shall be effective immediately. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive s employment shall automatically terminate on the last day of the month preceding the statutory retirement age applicable to the Executive s 65 th birthday Retirement ). 

IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID ACTIVE 228444634v.2 

4. Extent of Service . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall use his best efforts to promote the interests of the Company and those of any parent, subsidiary and associated company of the Company, and shall devote his full time and attention during normal business hours to the business and affairs of the Company and any parent, subsidiary and associated company. In addition, the Executive shall devote as much time outside normal business hours to the performance of his duties as may in the interests of the Company be reasonably necessary; provided , however , that the Executive shall not receive any remuneration in addition to that set out in Section 5 hereof in respect of his work during such time. During the Employment Period, the Executive shall not, without the consent of the President and CEO, directly or indirectly, either alone or jointly with or as a director, manager, agent or servant of any other person, firm or company, be engaged, concerned or interested in any business in a manner that would conflict with the Executive s duties under this Section 4 (including holding any shares, loan, stock or any other ownership interest in any competitor of the Company), provided that nothing in this Section 4 shall preclude the Executive from holding shares, loan, stock or any other ownership interest in an entity other than a competitor of the Company as an investment. 

5. Compensation and Benefits . 

(a) Base Salary . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall receive a gross salary at the rate of SEK 2,800,000 per year Base Salary ), less normal withholdings, payable in equal monthly or other installments as are or become customary under the Company s payroll practices for its employees from time to time. The Leadership Development and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Compensation Committee shall review the Executive s Base Salary annually during the Employment Period, the first review to take place as of January 1, 2024. Any adjustments to the Executive s annual base salary shall become the Executive s Base Salary for purposes of this Agreement. In addition to Base Salary, the Executive shall be entitled to the vacation supplement (currently 0.8 percent (0.8 of 1/12 of Base Salary per vacation day). 

(b) Bonus . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Company s bonus plan for executive officers, if any, pursuant to which he will have an opportunity to receive an annual bonus based upon the achievement of performance goals established from year to year by the Compensation Committee (such bonus earned at the stated target level of achievement being referred to herein as the Target Bonus ). Until otherwise changed by the Compensation Committee, the Executive s Target Bonus shall be thirty-five percent (35 of his Base Salary. 

(c) Equity Incentive Compensation . During the Employment Period, the Executive shall be eligible for equity grants under the Autoliv, Inc. Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Incentive Plan or any successor plan or plans, having such terms and conditions as awards to other peer executives of the Company, as determined by the Compensation Committee in its sole discretion, unless the Executive consents to a different type of award or different terms of such award than are applicable to other peer executives of the Company. Nothing herein requires the Compensation Committee to grant the Executive equity awards or other long-term incentive awards in any year. For the year 2023, the total target grant date value of the equity incentive compensation will be 160,000 USD. 

- 2 - 

(d) Automobile . The Company shall provide the Executive with a company car. The Executive and his immediate family may also use the company car for personal purposes. The Company shall bear all petrol, maintenance and repair costs, as well as insurance costs and vehicle tax related to the Company car. The Executive shall, however, be liable for the payment of tax on the taxable benefit resulting from the right to use the company car for personal purposes. 

(e) Medical Benefits . The Executive and his spouse or significant other is entitled to a medical care insurance made available by the Company to the Executive. 

(f) Expenses . The Executive shall be entitled to receive payment or reimbursement for all reasonable traveling, hotel and other expenses incurred by him in the performance of his duties under this Agreement, in accordance with the policies, practices and procedures of the Company as in effect from time to time. The Executive shall provide the Company with receipts, vouchers or other evidence of actual payment of the expenses to be reimbursed, as requested by the Company. 

(g) Conditions of Employment . Normal conditions of employment as issued by the Company apply to the receipt of benefits under this Section 5. 

6. Holidays . The Executive shall be entitled to yearly holidays amounting to 30 days. 

7. Pension . The Company shall pay pension premiums for defined contribution pension insurance in Sweden, with an amount equal to thirty-five percent (35 of the Executive s Base Salary. The pension premiums shall include premiums under the ITP plan, giving the Executive certain benefits in the event of his temporary or permanent illness. The insurance shall be taken out at a reputable insurance company, to be approved of in advance by the Company. 

8. Business or Trade Information . The Executive shall not during or after the termination of his employment hereunder disclose to any person, firm of company whatsoever or use for his own purpose or for any purposes other than those of the Company any information relating to the Company (including any parent, subsidiary or associated company of the Company) or its business or trade secrets of which he has or shall hereafter become possessed. These restrictions shall cease to apply to any information which may come into the public domain (other than by breach of the provisions hereof). In the event that the Executive does not comply with this Section 8, the Company shall be entitled to damages equal to six (6) times the average monthly Base Salary that the Executive received during the preceding twelve (12) months, if the Executive continues to be employed, or during the last twelve (12) months prior to his Date of Termination, if the Executive s employment has terminated; provided , however , that nothing in this Section 8 shall preclude the Company from pursuing arbitration in accordance with Section 16 herein and seeking additional damages from the Executive in the event that the Company is able to demonstrate to the arbitrators that the value of the damages incurred by the Company due to the Executive s violation of this Section 8 exceed the aggregate value of the damages paid by the Executive to the Company pursuant to the foregoing provision. 

9. Company Property . The Executive shall upon the termination of his employment hereunder for whatever reason immediately deliver to the Company all designs, specifications, correspondence and other documents, papers, the car provided hereunder and all other property 

- 3 - 

belonging to the Company or any of its affiliated companies or which may have been prepared by him or have come into his possession in the course of his employment. 

10. Termination of Employment . 

(a) Death; Retirement . The Executive s employment shall terminate automatically upon his death or Retirement. 

(b) Termination by the Company . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment during the Employment Period with or without Cause. Cause for termination by the Company of the Executive s employment shall mean (i) willful and continued failure by the Executive to substantially perform the Executive s duties with the Company (other than any such failure resulting from the Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness) after a written demand for substantial performance is delivered to the Executive by the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ), which demand specifically identifies the manner in which the Board believes that the Executive has not substantially performed the Executive s duties, or (ii) the willful engaging by the Executive in conduct which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the Company, monetarily or otherwise. For purposes of clauses (i) and (ii) of this definition, (x) no act, or failure to act, on the Executive s part shall be deemed willful unless done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive not in good faith and without reasonable belief that the Executive s act, or failure to act, was in the best interest of the Company and (y) in the event of a dispute concerning the application of this provision, no claim by the Company that Cause exists shall be given effect unless the Chairman of the Board establishes to the Board by clear and convincing evidence that Cause exists, subject to Section 10(f) hereof. 

(c) Termination by the Executive . The Executive may terminate his employment during the Employment Period with Good Reason or without Good Reason. Good Reason shall mean the occurrence, without the Executive s express written consent, of any of the following Good Reason Events : 

(i) the assignment to the Executive of any duties inconsistent with the Executive s status as an executive officer of the Company or a substantial adverse alteration in the nature or status of the Executive s responsibilities from those in effect on the Effective Date other than any such alteration primarily attributable to the fact that the Company may no longer be a public company; 

(ii) a reduction by the Company in the Executive s annual base salary as in effect on the Effective Date or as the same may be increased from time to time; 

(iii) the relocation of the Executive s principal place of employment to a location more than 45 kilometers from the Executive s principal place of employment on the Effective Date or the Company s requiring the Executive to be based anywhere other than such principal place of employment (or permitted relocation thereof) except for required travel on the Company s business to an extent substantially consistent with the Executive s present business travel obligations; 

(iv) the failure by the Company to pay to the Executive any portion of the Executive s current compensation within seven (7) days of the date such compensation is due; 

- 4 - 

(v) the failure by the Company to continue in effect any compensation plan in which the Executive participates on the Effective Date which is material to the Executive s total compensation, unless an equitable arrangement (embodied in an ongoing substitute or alternative plan) has been made with respect to such plan, or the failure by the Company to continue the Executive s participation therein (or in such substitute or alternative plan) on a basis not materially less favorable, both in terms of the amount or timing of payment of benefits provided and the level of the Executive s participation relative to other participants, as existed on the Effective Date; or 

(vi) the failure by any successor to the business of the Company (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to expressly assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. 

A termination by the Executive shall not constitute termination for Good Reason unless the Executive shall first have delivered to the Company written notice setting forth with specificity the occurrence deemed to give rise to a right to terminate for Good Reason (which notice must be given no later than 90 days after the initial occurrence of such event), and there shall have passed a reasonable time (not less than 30 days) within which the Company may take action to correct, rescind or otherwise substantially reverse the occurrence supporting termination for Good Reason as identified by the Executive. The Executive s termination for Good Reason must occur within a period of 160 days after the occurrence of an event of Good Reason. The Executive s right to terminate employment for Good Reason shall not be affected by the Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness. The Executive s continued employment shall not constitute consent to, or a waiver of rights with respect to, any act or failure to act constituting Good Reason hereunder. Good Reason shall not include the Executive s death. 
 (d) Notice of Termination . Any termination by the Company or the Executive of the Executive s employment (other than by reason of death) shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination from one party hereto to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination shall mean a written notice which shall (i) indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive s employment under the provision so indicated, and (iii) specifies the termination date. Further, a Notice of Termination for Cause is required to include a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than three-quarters (3/4) of the entire membership of the Board at a meeting of the Board which was called and held for the purpose of considering such termination (after reasonable notice to the Executive and an opportunity for the Executive, together with the Executive s counsel, to be heard before the Board) finding that, in the good faith opinion of the Board, the Executive was guilty of conduct set forth in clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of Cause herein, and specifying the particulars thereof in detail. The failure by the Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Cause shall not waive any right of the Company hereunder or preclude the Company from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the Company s rights hereunder. 

- 5 - 

(e) Date of Termination . Date of Termination means (i) if the Executive s employment is terminated other than by reason of death or Retirement, the end of the notice period specified in Section 3 hereof (if applicable), or (ii) if the Executive s employment is terminated by reason of death, the Date of Termination shall be the date of death of the Executive, or (iii) if the Executive s employment is terminated by reason of Retirement, the Date of Termination shall be the date of Retirement. 

(f) Dispute Concerning Termination . Any disputes regarding the termination of the Executive s employment shall be settled in accordance with Section 16 hereof (including, without limitation, the provisions regarding costs and expenses related to arbitration). If within fifteen (15) days after any Notice of Termination is given, or, if later, prior to the Date of Termination (as determined without regard to this Section 10(f)), the party receiving such Notice of Termination notifies the other party that a dispute exists concerning the termination, the Date of Termination shall be extended until the date on which the dispute is finally resolved, either by mutual written agreement of the parties or by a final judgment, order or decree of the arbitrators (which is not appealable or with respect to which the time for appeal there from has expired and no appeal has been perfected); provided , however , that the Date of Termination shall be extended by a notice of dispute given by the Executive only if such notice is given in good faith and the Executive pursues the resolution of such dispute with reasonable diligence. 

(g) Compensation During Dispute . If the Date of Termination is extended in accordance with Section 10(f) hereof, the Company shall continue to provide the Executive with the compensation and benefits specified in Section 5 hereof until the Date of Termination, as determined in accordance with Section 10(f) hereof. Amounts paid under this Section 10(g) are in addition to all other amounts due under this Agreement and shall not be offset against or reduce any other amounts due under this Agreement; provided, however , that in the event that the arbitration results in a determination that the Executive is not entitled to the severance payments set forth in Section 11(a) hereof, then the Executive shall be obligated to promptly repay to the Company the compensation received by the Executive during the extended period pursuant to this Section 10(g). 

11. Obligations of the Company Upon Termination of Employment . 

(a) Termination by the Company Other Than for Cause; Termination by the Executive for Good Reason . If, during the Employment Period, the Company shall terminate the Executive s employment other than for Cause, or the Executive shall terminate employment for Good Reason, then, and only if within forty-five (45) days after the Date of Termination the Executive shall have executed a separation agreement containing a full general release of claims and covenant not to sue, in the form provided by the Company, and such separation agreement shall not have been revoked within such time period, within sixty (60) days after the Date of Termination (or such later date as may be required pursuant to Section 21(c) herein), the Company shall pay to the Executive a lump sum severance payment, in cash, equal to one and a half times (1.5x) the Executive s Base Salary as in effect immediately prior to the Date of Termination. In addition, the Company shall pay all relevant social costs attributable to such lump sum severance payment, in accordance with relevant Swedish law. 

- 6 - 

(b) Death . If the Executive s employment is terminated by reason of the Executive s death during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive or the Executive s legal representatives under this Agreement, other than such death benefits he or they would otherwise be entitled to receive under any plan, program, policy or practice or contract or agreement of the Company or its affiliated companies. 

(c) Retirement . If the Executive s employment is terminated in connection with his Retirement during the Employment Period, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive; provided , however , that the Executive shall nonetheless be subject to the covenants set forth in Section 13 herein. 

(d) Cause; Voluntary Resignation . If the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause during the Employment Period, or the Executive voluntarily resigns his employment without Good Reason, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to the Executive; provided , however , that the Executive shall nonetheless be subject to the covenants set forth in Section 13 herein. 

12. Non-Duplication of Benefits . Notwithstanding anything to contrary in this Agreement, the aggregate of any amounts payable to the Executive by the Company pursuant to Section 5 (including any compensation and benefits paid pursuant to such section during any applicable termination notice period pursuant to Section 3), Section 10(g) or Section 11 herein shall be offset and reduced to the extent necessary by any other compensation or benefits of the same or similar type, including those payable under local laws of any relevant jurisdiction, so that such other compensation or benefits, if any, do not augment the aggregate of any amounts payable to the Executive by the Company pursuant to Section 5 (including any compensation and benefits paid pursuant to such section during any applicable termination notice period pursuant to Section 3), Section 10(g) or Section 11 herein. It is intended that this Agreement not duplicate compensation or benefits the Executive is entitled to under country redundancy laws, the Company s severance policy, if any, any related or similar policies, or any other contracts, agreements or arrangements between the Executive and the Company. 

13. Non-Competition Covenant; Payment for Non-Competition Covenant . 

(a) Except as provided in Section 13(b), during the twelve (12) months immediately following the termination of his employment with the Company, the Executive shall not (i) accept employment with a competitor of the Company in a capacity in which such competitor can make use of the confidential information relating to the Company that the Executive has obtained in his employment with the Company, (ii) engage as a partner or owner in such competitor of the Company, nor (iii) act as an advisor to such competitor (the Non-Competition Covenant ). 

(b) The Non-Competition Covenant shall not apply: 

(i) in the event the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause; or 

(ii) in the event the Executive resigns for Good Reason. 

- 7 - 

(c) If the Executive does not comply with the Non-Competition Covenant when applicable, then (i) the Executive shall not be entitled to any benefits pursuant to Section 13(d) below during the period in which the Executive is not in compliance with such Non-Competition Covenant, and (ii) the Company shall be entitled to damages equal to six (6) times the average monthly Base Salary that the Executive received during the last twelve (12) months prior to the Date of Termination. 

(d) If the Non-Competition Covenant becomes operative, then the Company shall pay to the Executive, as compensation for the inconvenience of such Non-Competition Covenant, up to twelve (12) monthly payments equal to the Executive s monthly Base Salary as in effect on the Date of Termination, less the monthly salary earned during such month by the Executive in a subsequent employment, if any; provided , however , that the aggregate monthly payments from the Company pursuant to this Section 13(d) shall not exceed sixty percent (60 of the Executive s annual Base Salary as in effect on the Date of Termination, and once the 60 aggregate amount has been paid, no further payments will be made under this Section 13(d). As a condition to the receipt of such payments, the Executive must inform the Company of his base salary in his new employment on a monthly basis. No payments shall be made under this Section 13 if the Executive s employment is terminated in connection with his Retirement. 

14. Inventions . 

(a) The general nature of any discovery, invention, secret process or improvement made or discovered by the Executive during the period of the Executive s employment by the Company (hereinafter called the Executive s Inventions shall be notified by the Executive to the Company forthwith upon it being made or discovered. 

(b) The entitlement as between the Company and the Executive to the Executive s Inventions shall be determined in accordance with the current Act (1949:345) on the Right to Inventions made by Employees and the Executive acknowledges that because of the nature of his duties and the particular responsibilities arising therefrom he has a special obligation to further the interests of the Company s undertaking. 

(c) Where the Executive s Inventions are to be assigned to the Company, the Executive shall make a full disclosure of the same to the Company and if and whenever required to do so shall at the expense of the Company apply, singly or jointly with the Company or other persons as required by the Company, for letters patent or other equivalent protection in Sweden and in any other part of the world of the Executive s Inventions. 

15. Entire Agreement . This Agreement supersedes the Prior Agreement and any other previous agreements and arrangements whether written, oral or implied between the Company or Autoliv and the Executive relating to the employment of the Executive, without prejudice to any rights accrued to the Company or the Executive prior to the commencement of his employment under this Agreement. 

16. Disputes . Disputes regarding this Agreement (including, without limitation, disputes regarding the existence of Cause or Good Reason) shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the Swedish Arbitration Act. The arbitration shall take place in Stockholm and, 

- 8 - 

unless otherwise agreed to by both parties, there shall be three (3) arbitrators. The provisions on voting and cumulation of parties and claims in the Swedish Procedural Code shall be applied in the arbitration. All costs and expenses for the arbitration, whether initiated by the Company or by the Executive, including the Executive s costs for solicitor, shall be borne by the Company, unless the arbitrators determine the Executive s claim(s) to be frivolous and in bad faith, in which case the arbitrators may allocate costs as they deem fit. Any payments due to the Executive pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be made within fifteen (15) business days after delivery of the Executive s written request for payment accompanied with such evidence of costs and expenses incurred as the Company reasonably may require. 

17. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Swedish law and, where applicable, the laws of any applicable local jurisdictions. 

18. Amendment . No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and such officer as may be specifically designated by the Board. 

19. Notices . All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: 

If to the Executive : Jonas Jademyr 
 Verkm stargatan 1 
 417 57 G teborg 
 If to the Company :	Autoliv Inc. 
 				 WTC, Klarabergsviadukten 70, 
 	111 64 Stockholm, Sweden 
 	Attention: Secretary 
 
 or to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other in writing in accordance herewith. Notice and communications shall be effective when actually received by the addressee. 
 20. U.S. Tax Code Section 409A . This Section 20 shall apply only in the event that the Executive is or becomes a taxpayer under the laws of the United States at any time during the Employment Period. 

(a) General . This Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in a manner so that any amount or benefit payable hereunder shall be paid or provided in a manner that is either exempt from or compliant with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and applicable Internal Revenue Service guidance and Treasury Regulations issued thereunder. Nevertheless, the tax treatment of the benefits provided under the Agreement is not warranted or guaranteed. Neither the Company nor its directors, officers, employees or advisers shall be held liable for any taxes, interest, penalties or other monetary amounts owed by the Executive as a result of the application of Section 409A of the Code. 

(b) Definitional Restrictions . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent that any amount or benefit that would constitute non-exempt deferred 

- 9 - 

compensation for purposes of Section 409A of the Code Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation would otherwise be payable or distributable hereunder, or a different form of payment of such Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation would be effected, by reason of the Executive s termination of employment, such Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation will not be payable or distributable to the Executive, and/or such different form of payment will not be effected, by reason of such circumstance unless the circumstances giving rise to such termination of employment, as the case may be, meet any description or definition of separation from service, as the case may be, in Section 409A of the Code and applicable regulations (without giving effect to any elective provisions that may be available under such definition). This provision does not prohibit the vesting of any Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation upon a or termination of employment, however defined. If this provision prevents the payment or distribution of any Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation, such payment or distribution shall be made on the date, if any, on which an event occurs that constitutes a Section 409A-compliant separation from service, as the case may be, or such later date as may be required by subsection (c) below. If this provision prevents the application of a different form of payment of any amount or benefit, such payment shall be made in the same form as would have applied absent such designated event or circumstance. 

(c) Six-Month Delay in Certain Circumstances . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any amount or benefit that would constitute Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation would otherwise be payable or distributable under this Agreement by reason of the Executive s separation from service during a period in which he is a specified employee (as defined in Code Section 409A and the final regulations thereunder), then, subject to any permissible acceleration of payment by the Company under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A 3(j)(4)(ii) (domestic relations order), (j)(4)(iii) (conflicts of interest), or (j)(4)(vi) (payment of employment taxes), (i) the amount of such Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation that would otherwise be payable during the six-month period immediately following the Executive s separation from service will be accumulated through and paid or provided on the first day of the seventh month following the Executive s separation from service (or, if the Executive dies during such period, within thirty (30) days after the Executive s death) (in either case, the Required Delay Period ); and (ii) the normal payment or distribution schedule for any remaining payments or distributions will resume at the end of the Required Delay Period. 

(d) Treatment of Installment Payments . Each payment of termination benefits under this Agreement shall be considered a separate payment, as described in Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A 2(b)(2), for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 

(e) Timing of Release of Claims . Whenever in this Agreement a payment or benefit is conditioned on the Executive s execution and non-revocation of a release of claims, such as the separation agreement referenced in Section 11(a) hereof, such release must be executed and all revocation periods shall have expired within 60 days after the Date of Termination; failing which such payment or benefit shall be forfeited. If such payment or benefit constitutes Non-Exempt Deferred Compensation, then, subject to subsection (c) above, such payment or benefit (including any installment payments) that would have otherwise been payable during such 60-day period shall be accumulated and paid on the 60th day after the Date of Termination provided such release shall have been executed and such revocation periods shall have expired. If such payment 

- 10 - 

or benefit is exempt from Section 409A of the Code, the Company may elect to make or commence payment at any time during such 60-day period. 

(f) Timing of Reimbursements and In-kind Benefits . If the Executive is entitled to be paid or reimbursed for any taxable expenses under this Agreement and if such payments or reimbursements are includible in the Executive s federal gross taxable income, the amount of such expenses payable or reimbursable in any one calendar year shall not affect the amount payable or reimbursable in any other calendar year, and the reimbursement of an eligible expense must be made no later than December 31 of the year after the year in which the expense was incurred. The right to any reimbursement for expenses incurred or provision of in-kind benefits is limited to the lifetime of the Executive, or such shorter period of time as is provided with respect to each particular right to reimbursement in-kind benefits pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Agreement. No right of the Executive to reimbursement of expenses under this Agreement shall be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 

IN WITNESS whereof this Agreement has been executed the day and year first above written. 

Jonas Jademyr 

Mikael Bratt 
 President and CEO 

- 11 - 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 alv-ex10_38.htm
 EX-10.38

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.38 

Amendment to Employment Agreement 
 
 Svante Mogefors (the Employee and Autoliv, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), together referred to as the Parties , hereby amend the Employment Agreement dated January 23, 2020 (the Agreement ). 
 
 This amendment (the Amendment to the Agreement is made between the Parties on the date listed on the signature page below. 
 
 1. Role 

1.1 As of January 15, 2023, the Employee shall become Senior Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company with such duties, responsibilities, and authority as shall be assigned to him by the Chief Executive Officer 

1.2 Employee shall no longer serve as and shall no longer be a member of the Executive Management Team of the Company. 

1.3 As of January 15, 2023, the Employee shall cease to be an executive officer of the Company, cease to be a member of the Executive Management Team of the Company, and shall no longer be deemed a Section 16 officer, PDMR, and Rule 144 Affiliate. 

2. Termination Date 

2.1 	The Agreement shall automatically terminate on July 15, 2023 (the Termination Date ). 
 
 2.2	Until the Termination Date, the Employee shall continue to be paid / provided with the base salary, defined pension contributions, and benefits provided immediately prior to the date of this Amendment. 
 
 3. Short-Term Incentive for 2023 

3.1 	The Employee s 2023 Short-Term Incentive shall be paid, if at all, in the first quarter of 2024 based on the actual performance of the Company. The payment will be calculated pro-rata based on the actual days of employment in 2023. 
 
 4. Long-Term Incentive for 2023 

4.1 	The outstanding Long-Term Incentive grants made to the Employee will be treated in accordance with the respective grant agreements and the employment will end as qualifying retirement on the Termination Date. 

1 NUMPAGES \ MERGEFORMAT 1) 

- All outstanding RSUs will accelerate and vest with immediate effect on the Termination Date. 

- All outstanding PSUs would vest, if at all, on the previously communicated vesting dates based on the actual performance of the Company. 

- All outstanding stock options will continue to be exercisable during the two (2) years following the Termination Date, provided they are above the exercise price on the day of exercise. 

4.2	No Long-Term Incentive or other new equity grant will be made to the Employee in 2023. 
 
 5. Other Payments 

5.1 	Within a month following the Termination Date, the Employee will be paid an amount equivalent to accrued, but not used, vacation days calculated according to Company rules and legislation. 
 
 5.2	The termination of the Agreement shall not trigger any additional payments. 
 
 5.3	All other terms and conditions of the Agreement remain unchanged. 
 
 This Amendment has been entered into and is effective as of December 5, 2022. 
 
 Employee: 
 
 			 Svante Mogefors 
 The Company: 
 			 
 Mikael Bratt 
 President and CEO 

Per Ericson 
 EVP, Human Resources and Sustainability 
 
 2 NUMPAGES \ MERGEFORMAT 3) 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 5
 alv-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF AUTOLIV, INC. AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022. 
 Brazil 
 Autoliv do Brasil Ltda. 
 Canada 
 Autoliv Canada, Inc. 
 VOA Canada, Inc. 
 China 
 Autoliv (Baoding) Vehicle Safety Systems Co., Ltd. 
 Autoliv (Changchun) Vehicle Safety Systems Co., Ltd. 
 Autoliv (China) Steering Wheel Co., Ltd. 
 Autoliv (China) Automotive Safety Systems Co., Ltd. 
 Autoliv (Guangzhou) Vehicle Safety Systems Co., Ltd. 
 Autoliv (Jiangsu) Automotive Safety Components Co., Ltd. 
 Autoliv (Nanjing) Vehicle Safety Systems Co., Ltd. 
 Autoliv (Shanghai) Vehicle Safety Systems Co., Ltd. 
 Autoliv (Shanghai) Management Co., Ltd. 
 Autoliv (Shanghai) Vehicle Safety System Technical Center Co., Ltd. 
 Autoliv Shenda (Tai Cang) Automotive Safety Systems Co., Ltd. (60 
 Autoliv Shenda (Nanjing) Automotive Components Co., Ltd. (60 
 Mei-An Autoliv Co., Ltd. (59 
 Estonia 
 AS Norma 
 France 
 Autoliv France SNC 
 Autoliv Isodelta SAS 
 Livbag SAS 
 N.C.S. Pyrotechnie et Technologies SAS 
 OEA Europe SARL 
 Soci te Franco Su doise d'Investissement SAS 
 Germany 
 Autoliv Beteiligungsgesellschaft mbH 
 Autoliv BV Co. KG 
 Hungary 
 Autoliv Kft. 
 India 
 Autoliv India Private Ltd. 
 Autoliv Inflators India Private Ltd 
 Indonesia 
 P.T. Autoliv Indonesia 
 Italy 
 Autoliv Italia S.R.L. 
 Japan 
 Autoliv Japan Ltd. 
 Mexico 
 Autoliv Mexican Holdings S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Autoliv Mexico East S.A. de C.V. 
 Autoliv Mexico S.A. de C.V. 
 Autoliv Safety Technology de Mexico S.A. de C.V. 
 Autoliv Steering Wheels Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 The Netherlands 
 Autoliv ASP B.V. 
 Autoliv Autosicherheitstechnik B.V. 

Philippines 
 Autoliv Cebu Safety Manufacturing, Inc. 
 Poland 
 Autoliv Poland Sp. z o.o. 
 Romania 
 Autoliv Romania S.R.L. 
 Russia 
 OOO Autoliv 
 South Africa 
 Autoliv Southern Africa (Pty) Ltd 
 South Korea 
 Autoliv Corporation 
 Spain 
 Autoliv BKI S.A.U. 
 Autoliv KLE S.A.U. 
 Autosafety S.L. 
 Sweden 
 Autoliv AB 
 Autoliv Development AB 
 Autoliv East Europe AB 
 Autoliv Sverige AB 
 Switzerland 
 Autoliv Switzerland GmBH 
 Thailand 
 Autoliv Asia ROH, Ltd. 
 Autoliv Thailand Ltd. 
 Tunisia 
 ASW 3 NADHOUR 
 Turkey 
 Autoliv Cankor Otomotiv Emniyet Sistemleri Sanayi Ve Ticaret A.S. 
 United Kingdom 
 Airbags International Ltd 
 Autoliv Spring Dynamics Ltd 
 Autoliv U.K. Holding Ltd 
 USA 
 ACap Insurance Inc. (Utah) 
 Autoliv ASP, Inc. (Indiana) 
 Autoliv Holding, Inc. (Delaware) 
 Autoliv Safety Technology, Inc. (Delaware) 
 OEA, Inc. (Delaware) 
 All subsidiaries are wholly owned unless otherwise indicated. The names of certain subsidiaries, which considered in the aggregate would not constitute a significant subsidiary as such term is defined in the regulations under the federal securities laws, have been omitted from the foregoing list. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 6
 alv-ex23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

Exhibit 23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 
 (1) Registration Statements (Forms S-8 No. 333-160771, No. 333-117505 and No. 333-91768) pertaining to the Autoliv, Inc. Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Incentive Plan; 

of our reports dated February 16, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Autoliv, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Autoliv, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Autoliv, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young AB 
 Stockholm, Sweden 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 7
 alv-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION of 
 the Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Mikael Bratt, certify that: 
 1. 	 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of AUTOLIV, INC.; 
 2. 	 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. 	 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. 	 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a -15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. 	 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. 	 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. 	 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. 	 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. 	 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. 	 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. 	 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 16, 2023 

/s/ Mikael Bratt 

Mikael Bratt 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 8
 alv-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION of 
 the Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Fredrik Westin, certify that: 
 1. 	 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of AUTOLIV, INC.; 
 2. 	 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. 	 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. 	 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a -15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. 	 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. 	 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. 	 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. 	 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. 	 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. 	 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. 	 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 16, 2023 

/s/ Fredrik Westin 

Fredrik Westin 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 9
 alv-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Autoliv, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mikael Bratt, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 1. 	 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 2. 	 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Mikael Bratt 

Name: Mikael Bratt 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Date: February 16, 2023 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 10
 alv-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Autoliv, Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Fredrik Westin, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 1. 	 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 2. 	 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Fredrik Westin 

Name: Fredrik Westin 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Date: February 16, 2023 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 alv-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 alv-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 alv-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 alv-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 alv-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

